 At Rihanna's Savage x Fenty runway show this past September, Sean Paul's early-2000s hit "Get Busy" blared from the speakers as the dim lights in the venue brightened to reveal a silhouette, the Normani, modeling a printed bra and matching gloves, black tights, and black heels before she performed a fiery dance number with other models. "Now that’s how you sell a bra," one YouTuber commented under the video of the performance. Rihanna knows this, which is why she recruited Normani again to be the first-ever celebrity ambassador for Savage x Fenty.  Normani announced the news on her social feeds. "I’m the first ever brand ambassador for @savagexfenty ♥️♥️♥️♥️✨ !!! I love you @badgalriri," she captioned her new campaign photos. "I want all individuals to feel empowered and to embrace who they truly are. I don’t always wake up feeling the most confident and powerful, but trust and believe having my Savage X on always helps!!" Normani will star in the brand's holiday 2019 social media campaigns, as well as the upcoming spring 2020 campaigns. "Normani is the perfect choice for a Savage X ambassador," Rihanna said in a statement. "She exudes confidence and power. Everything she does is executed with passion and the belief she’s going to kill it. That’s why people gravitate towards her." Normani, returning the praise, added: "‪Rihanna is always at the cutting edge and continues to push the boundaries in everything she does. The way she embraces her sexuality and exudes grace is such an inspiration to me and so many other women around the world. Rihanna and Savage X celebrate and empower women of all shapes, sizes, and colors everywhere—it’s a beautiful thing and is truly revolutionary. I am so grateful for this opportunity and excited for what’s to come with my new Savage X family. Shop some of our favorite Savage x Fenty picks below. 
 It's confirmed: The 2019 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show has officially been canceled.  After months of speculation and comments from VS Angels like Shanina Shaik, who told The Daily Telegraph the show was canceled back in July, Stuart B. Burgdoerfer, chief financial officer and executive vice president of L Brands, finally confirmed the news during a conference call on Thursday, WWD reports.   "We think it’s important to evolve the marketing of Victoria’s Secret," Burgdoerfer said. "We recognize and appreciate that the communication of the brand, the offerings, the emotional content of Victoria Secret is obviously an important thing."   Given how integral the Victoria's Secret show is to the brand, Burgdoerfer explained that the VS team is working hard to find evolve the brand and cater to the customer.  "[The show] was a very important part of the brand building of this business and was an important aspect of the brand and a remarkable marketing achievement," he continued. "And with that said, we’re figuring out how to advance the positioning of the brand and best communicate that to customers and that’s among the things that [Victoria’s Secret chief executive officer] John [Mehas] is focused on." Last year, following controversial comments made by L Brands' former chief marketing officer Ed Razek, the annual Victoria's Secret holiday show was viewed by only 3.27 million people, its lowest rating ever. Will the show be axed for good? No telling, but Burgdoerfer says the team its main focus is on the products right now.  "This is a business that’s had challenges in lingerie now for three or four years and it’s going to take some time to stabilize it and get it back to where it should be," Burgdoerfer said. "We believe the most important thing is the quality of the merchandise itself, the quality of our execution and selling in stores and online."
 At approximately 8:41AM, ELLE.com's slack channel was disturbed when we that realized Net-A-Porter's sale started today. DMs commenced, and we shared links of irresponsibility on company time. In our defnse, we splurged and saved. Read on to see the aspirational coat we're eyeing from Bottega Veneta, the designer who was called out by two staffers, and more of ELLE.com's best picks from the digital clearance rack, here.  "I have not stopped thinking about these pants since I first saw them at LFW in February. They're weird and I don't need them, but isn't that what sales are for? An anxiety attack triggered by things you absolutely must have because they might sell out and the fear of regret sends you down a hole and suddenly you're rocking back and forth, credit card in hand. But it's Burberry."— Justine Carreon, Senior Market Editor "Try as I might, I cannot get over the hair clip trend! It's fun and easy and makes me feel like I'm back in the first grade, asking my dad to put matching barrettes in my hair before school. (True story.) I'd love to wear this oversized faux pearl clip with a leather jacket and combat boots."— Madison Feller, News Editor "My day-to-day wardrobe is all black, all the time, but for special occasions I'll venture into more colorful territory. Lately I've been loving full-coverage silhouettes and wallpaper prints—a very dangerous combination if not executed correctly. Ganni always strikes the perfect balance. This dress will be my artful approach to festive attire for the holiday season."— Katie Connor, Digital Director  "'Oh no,' I sighed, as soon as I saw the black neoprene sack dress by The Row. It has exactly the weird kind of sleeves I like, and is sure to hide any and all food babies that might develop after eating too much bread. 'I’m going to buy that aren’t I?' I sighed as I noted the price ($425, marked down from $850!). Add to cart."— Jessica Roy, Deputy Editor "I'm on the hunt for boots that make me feel like Rihanna and this Alexandre Vauthier pair is the perfect amount of Bad Gal meets wearable for IRL. (Let's face it, we're not all Rih!) I can see myself wearing this under a long skirt for the office ('Bitch Better Have My Money'), and then paired with a short dress for after hours ('S&M')."— Ariana Yaptangco, Social Media Editor "Spring may feel a long way away right now, but it still rains in fall, and this lilac trench has me wistful for the upcoming warm, rainy days once this winter is done with. This is a good staple piece for 2020 and something I know I’ll wear a lot, so $85 seems like a bargain. And it’s very me with its feminine silhouette and pretty pastel shade."— Alyssa Bailey, News & Strategy Editor "Walking around the city in winter, I tend to carry my entire life on my shoulder. This off-white tote from Stand Studio is cozy, spacious, and stylish—a perfect sheath for all of my cold weather essentials."— Savannah Walsh, Fellow  "Next summer me is going to be very happy I bothered to sift through 1000 dresses for this perfect gingham number."—Hannah Morrill, Contributor "A fact that I’ve recently accepted is that I will never own enough tan coats. In the camel oasis that has recently become my winter closet, there always seems to be room for one more. The dress-appropriate length, impeccable tailoring and soft cashmere of this Bottega coat puts it into a category of its own. Perfect for a night out or for a dressed-up day at the office, it’s a more streamlined update on the traditional camel wrap coat that will last for seasons to come."— Mia Feitel, Art Director 
 Treat yourself to an early holiday gift. In the mood for some retail therapy? Or, perhaps, a spot of holiday shopping? Lucky for you, The Outnet is having its yearly clearance sale, which means that finding the perfect presents on a budget is easy. If you don't have time to browse through all the items on sale, don't sweat it. I handpicked the 25 best items to buy ahead, from a cool silk wrap top to a pair of snake-effect ankle boots. Two wonderful things come together in this piece: silk and a wrap design. I recommend wearing it with flare jeans and the shoe on the next slide.  These are a bestseller on The Outnet for a reason. Decked out with a  silver detailing on the heel and a pointed toe, they'll become your go-to-shoe for this season.  It's the bag you never knew you needed. Until now. This metallic and studded shoulder bag is perfect for holding all your winter necessities. The zipper dress of your dreams now comes with ruffles! Pair it with a colorful pair of shoes and get ready to be swarmed with compliments.  The world is a better place with leopard print in it. Pair with black knee-high-boots in the fall or a white sneaker when spring rolls around. Nothing feels more fall/winter than a pair of corduroy pants. Wear these with a white sweater and finish it off with a nice white boot to make the emerald green pop. Here's a cashmere sweater to cozy into when the temperatures dip. Pair it with your favorite pair of sweats or jeans for the winter or shorts in the spring.  A price so good for a boot this nice, you'll look twice! Wear with caution: People will stop you on the streets with compliments. Stand tall in this platform sandal. It'll give you that much-needed height boost in your dress without killing your arches thanks to the thick platform.  The LBD has been reborn, and it lives in black leopard print. Make it office-friendly by wearing it over a white turtleneck and tights. This one-size-fits-all trench coat will stand out among a sea of black puffers come winter. Adding to my wishlist, stat. I kind of want to run through a meadow barefoot in this boho-chic dress, but until then I'd pair it with an ankle boot for the office. This shoe is proof that forest green is the superior green. The deep tone is great for any holiday party. I have yet to meet a bell sleeve sweater I didn't like, and this is no exception. Wear over a slip dress or tucked into white jeans. A skirt? In winter? Yes. Here's an outfit idea: Rock this summer skirt right now by pairing it with a turtleneck, tights, and your favorite booties. A white sneaker is a closet essential no matter the season. This one offers a little bit of nuance with a patch of blue. A beige shoulder bag you can wear to work or on the weekends at the farmer's market. It'll go with everything in your closet, thanks to the neutral hue. The most lovely holiday top that'll give your black or navy work trousers a new life. Style with heels. As you move in these pants, the hanging pompoms on the bottom of the pants will too. Cute!  The buttons and this coat are giving us major heart eyes. This light, but warm jacket, will be perfect year-round. The '90s called, and they wish they had a bleached jean like this. Style with a white t-shirt, cardigan, and a shearling bucket hat. It's like New Year's Eve in a shoe. Wear it with black so the boots (and you) can really shine.  It's all in the details for this skirt, so I recommend keeping it simple on top. Go with a black blouse or something printed like a classic polka dot. This statement piece is a must-have for satin lovers. Dress it up or down with bottoms of your choosing.   A pair of pants that is work appropriate thanks to the tailored fit, yet fun because of the minty green hue.   
From: Marie Claire US

 Lug sole boots are cropping up as one of the biggest trends of the season (trust us, we asked the experts), but instead of reaching for classic Doc Martens or actual workwear brands, we're more inclined to buy designer duds. Those cult-worthy Bottega Veneta boots are still sold out everywhere, but we found some equally great options to sub-in for winter. From Valentino to The Row to Simon Miller, here are 12 pairs of combat boots that happen to be on major discount, courtesy of Net-A-Porter's massive sale. We know that it's the season of giving, but tell yourself that these shoes are practical and fifty percent off. You deserve it. 
 "You have to go through a lot of different phases in fashion to get to a place where you are confident with yourself."  She's collaborated with Usher and Tyler the Creator, but when it comes to her personal style icons, Malaysian singer/songwriter Yuna is strictly with the girls. A little Gwen Stefani and a lot Audrey Hepburn, the pop star (who boasts more than 750,000 followers on Instagram alone) looks to these women, plus the ‘90s and ‘00s for fashion inspiration. We caught up with the singer during Paris Fashion Week. In-between modeling covetable Chanel jackets from Virginie Viard’s first Cruise collection for the house (available in stores now), Yuna fielded adoring fans  who spoke movingly of her influence on their lives.  In this installment of Style Files, the singer talks about developing her iconic modest style, why making a fashion faux pas is for the best, and the Chanel piece that got away.  Edgy but comfy. I like unique things, I like classy things, I like to look relaxed even though I’m dressed up. My style icon is Audrey Hepburn, but maybe Audrey with a pair of black boots! It took me a while! I had a lot of fashion faux pas growing up in the public eye and people used to comment on my fashion sense all the time. I’m okay about that because I learned a lot about my personal style and tried different things to see if I liked them or not. The turban especially is my iconic look. I had to learn different ways to wear them until I found the one that fits me. To me, you have to go through a lot of different phases in fashion to get to a place where you are confident with yourself and your style without thinking too much. I’m happy that I can style myself and wear pretty much anything— I can make anything work! I love Madewell, they make very good jeans and sweaters. I love COS too they make very nice shirts and structured tops. My mom’s red skirt. She had this red pleated skirt that she wore and I always wear it and twirl around the room. I remember tucking my shirt into it too because I liked the silhouette. I also used to have these black boots with silver buckles that I was obsessed with when I was seven. I recently bought a pair of boots that looked like it! I guess my style never really changed.   I love 90’s Gwen Stefani, because she was so unique from everyone else, and of course my all time fave is Audrey Hepburn. I think her style is classy and effortless. She doesn’t need to do much and she had so much class in every look. High heels! I look great in them but I can’t wear them more than 15 minutes or I will be in great pain!  I love that the early 2000 Spice Girls trend is coming back! I grew up loving their style and it's kind of amazing that it's making a comeback. There’s definitely some great parts in there I can integrate into my current style.   The red Chanel leather trench coat that I wore at the Paris Chanel show. It was hard to say goodbye to that—it was perfect! There’s a bunch. There’s a red satin bomber jacket with Picasso painting on it that I found while thrifting, there’s a gray long sleeve shirt that I bought when i was still in college and i still have it because I really take care of it and its still in shape and still looks new, a leather pair of slip ons I bought at a Berlin vintage market that I rarely use but I just can’t let go! I remember at one point I was trying to be rebellious. I was trying too hard to not conform to the current fashion trends that I thought it was cool to wear sandals and bootcut jeans and button up shirts... Oh my goodness! Never wearing sandals in my life ever again.
 Stumped by what to get the dudes in your life this holiday season? Allow us to assist. We suggest easy classics, practical kitchen goods he should probably own, and a multipack of underwear, because men can always use more. Here, ELLE's roundup of the best guy gifts of the season.   Watching him play old school Nintendo is so much more palatable than hanging with him while he's using a VR headset... These smart gloves allow him to text you back and look like a woodsy hipster. No excuses! Practical winter boots is a gift he can't deny.  He's a grower, not a shower.  I've said this once and I'll say it again: Bombas makes the best socks ever, and he will agree.  Is there anything sexier than a man pushing up his sleeves and looking at the time?  Make him smell good. Like, really good.  You can't go wrong with gifting a PJ set.  This survival tool fits perfectly in his wallet, so he'll never be without a bottle opener again.  Get him ready for his 2020 fitness goals with this personal blender.  Jury is out on whether shawl cardigans make the wearer hotter, but we're willing to bet he is with this gift.  This beanie is genius—it has built-in speakers so they'll never have to choose between headphones and ear warmth again.  You just might be borrowing this. Correction: you will be borrowing this.   Something about a dirty, old razor screams "serial killer." Don't let him look like a serial killer.  You won't be seeing him in AirPods anytime soon, especially with these headphones, which boasts 24,000 positive Amazon reviews.  Every man looks good in a pair of Wayfarers. Every woman who steals her Wayfarers from a man also looks great.  You know you've got a good one if the only games he deigns to play are ones with Keith Haring art.  The North Face is bringing back this '90s icon; consider popular jock role play.  Who needs nine knives when you can gift a single perfect one?  For the guy who already owns the coordinating beanie.  Consider this a not-so-subtle suggestion that his current linen situation is lacking.  It's a fact that men can always use more underwear.  These running shoes are great for sneakerheads who actually workout, too.  You can't afford a dinner at French Laundry, but you can get him Thomas Keller chocolates.  His battery life has always caused you anxiety.  Every dude needs a nice pair of sweatpants.  When in doubt, Gorpcore out.  An aluminum Rimowa suitcase is the ultimate airport flex.   His travel essentials could use a chic home, not a Ziploc. It's money. 
 This week alone, we clocked everyone from Amal Clooney to Rosie Huntington-Whitely wearing the hottest trend of the season: knee-high boots. They have been on our wish list ever since Erica Russo, Bloomingdale's fashion director, told us they're they were the it-shoe of the year, but we've been waiting for the right style to land on our screen before adding to our cart. Lucky us: On the heels of launching the perfect ankle boot just last month, Everlane finally produced a knee-high pair that checks all the boxes. The sustainable brand claims that its traditional retail value would be priced over $520, but they are selling them for just $250.  For something as basic as these, we predict that strangers will be constantly stopping you in the street asking their origin story. What have I been wearing this winter before I met these boots? I don't know if it's Everlane's dreamy studio lighting, but they look so smooth,  finally get why everyone is always describing leather as "buttery." They are so chic, they look just like their runway counterparts, but without the runway sticker tag.    The San-Francisco-based label tends to stick to the classics, so these boots mark a more trend-forward approach. This style is all about a clean silhouette, which Everlane nailed with this drop. They fall in line with the fashion industry's ongoing love affair with the '70s, so we plan to style them with prairie midi skirts and suede fringe ASAP.  There's no bulky side zipper on these knee-highs, so they won't slouch awkwardly at your ankle and pinch as you walk, but the wide shaft and back pull tab allows you to easily slip them on over jeans. The brand released the style in three easy-to-wear colors. The bone-white boots reminds me of vintage go-go boots, but the black and camel colors will be your new everyday shoe. Like Everlane's other leather offerings, these boots are made in Italy, with Italian leather. Designer brands, who? 
 We love a dress year-round, but integrating them into your winter work wardrobe isn't quite as simple as just throwing one on in the summer. The trick? Seek out heavier fabrics, renew your obsession with long sleeves, and stock up on Uniqlo's Heattech tights (seriously, they're warmer than pants). Ahead, 21 work dresses that will help you survive the cold without sacrificing style. An easy green hue will instantly perk you up (even if you have an 8AM meeting).  Shirt dresses are great especially during the warmer months, but the blazer dress is here to serve all your winter needs. Florals might be a spring essential, but you can make it work for winter with a darker base color. We fear of sweating in leather, but winter is the perfect time to wear it as a dress.   The silhouette of this versatile number is great for the office while the ruffle trim gives it just the right amount of flair for a wedding. A tie-waist makes this dress as comfortable and easy to slip into as your favorite robe—especially on mornings when you're rushing to get out the door. This is basically a blanket in dress form.   Made of recycled cotton, this dress will look great with tights.  A leopard dress can be a tad much, but it's toned down when revamped in a knit fabric.    We'll use any opportunity to wear a turtleneck during the winter, so layering one under a pinafore dress is clutch.  It's sweater (dress) season.   Nobody does a wrap dress better than DVF.  Periwinkle isn't a color you'd typically wear in January, but this knit dress will change your mind.  A heavy tweed fabric is something you can only get away with during colder months.  Velvet shouldn't be reserved for eveningwear. Cut in a modest silhouette, this midi dress is ideal for daytime events. The subtle shoulder puff, trim waist, and a-line skirt add up to a universally flattering silhouette.  How good would this denim dress look with a shearling coat and brown knee-high boots?  Pile on all the embellishments.  Wear this with tights during the winter, then bare your legs during spring.   Burberry's iconic plaid is seasonless.   Long sleeves, FTW. 
 There are a million reasons to buy yourself jewelry: a promotion at work, a major creative accomplishment, a big dream realized, the beginning—or end—of a relationship, or simply just because. The latter, though seemingly less quantifiable on the surface, is one of the best reasons to invest in a new piece. It's a tangible reminder of everything you deserve, no matter where you are in your life.  As for what jewelry to buy, you can never go wrong with an authentic natural diamond. The fact that each is unique means you can choose one that feels just right for you, and that they increase in value over time makes them an incredible investment worthy of passing down to the next generation.  Below, six stunning pieces of jewelry to consider when making a purchase for that special someone: you. 14k gold post earrings with 2 marquise diamonds and a single diamond drop, $3,598 SHOP 18K yellow gold thin diamond striped band, $2,400 SHOP Yellow gold and diamond ear pin, $5,880 SHOP Triple coil cuff with round brilliant diamonds, $ 23,595 SHOP White gold eternity diamond band, $1,925 SHOP Gold diamond hinge bracelet, $5,135 SHOP 
From: Town & Country US

 SOREL's groundbreaking fashion show by the numbers.  Most runway shows take place during designated fashion weeks—within the walls of hotspots in major cities worldwide. Recently, though, SOREL broke the mold—the footwear brand totally ditched fashion show norms for its New York show in early October.   Professional models, for one, were not involved. Instead, SOREL chose to cast a lineup of  real, everyday women. The show started on a typical runway stage, but quickly opened up and continued on the streets of New York's Meatpacking District.   The show was less about modeling SOREL's latest designs and more about empowering women with a simple message: The world is your runway. Check out a behind-the-scenes look at how the unique show promoting SOREL's fall line came to life.   SOREL cast a diverse group of 100 women from all over New York City to walk in the show. After hours of fittings, each woman wore outfits from Trunk Club, a personalized clothing service brand. The looks, styled by Kate Young, ranged from cool utilitarian jumpsuits to breezy shirt-dresses and casual sweater-and-denim combos. After the event, all apparel was donated to Dress for Success, a nonprofit organization that provides support and professional ensembles for low-income women as they go through the job interview process. The fashion show started like any other: a stage, a branded backdrop, bright lights, upbeat music, and a seated audience. But as each woman reached the end of the runway, she stepped off the stage, exited the venue, and continued to walk on a mapped-out, mile-long course—up and down the High Line and all around the Meatpacking District. The show began at 5:50 p.m. and for the next 90 minutes, the women stomped through the streets of New York in SOREL's fall collection. The mile-long "runway" highlighted the shoes' functionality, as the women stopped traffic, walked through rain showers, and trekked up and down the city's elevated High Line park.  The show featured 115 pairs in 30 different styles of SOREL shoes, including color-block wedged Chelsea boots, high-heeled hiker styles, and puffer sneaker-style lace-ups. Hundreds of guests were invited to the mile-long show, but the numbers steadily increased as the event went on—onlookers stopped to take photos and cheer on the women as they passed.  Yes, the day was about showcasing SOREL's functional yet fashionable footwear—but it was also a celebration of a group of diverse and real women. The only appropriate way to end the day, of course, was to toast to the women and their mile-long walk with 100 bottles of champagne. Now that's a celebration.  
 Despite starring in a show about sex, Sarah Jessica Parker doesn't often discuss carnality. She's got other things to do, like make dreamy shoes and get divorced on TV and save her neighborhood from squash robbers. Until now. That's thanks to Intimissimi, the Italian lingerie chain smart enough to snare SJP as its main model. At their recent fashion show in Verona, we were super eccitato to speak with the actress about what she's learned from a career wearing undies on-camera.  "I can tell you how I do it," she laughs. "Pretend you're someone else, even just a bigger version of yourself." Below, SJP narrates six of her biggest moments wearing lingerie on-screen. "Oh. My. God. Those are “dance trunks,” as we used to say. They would have been made by Danskin or Capezio. I'd been dancing my whole life, ballet mostly, so for sure I owned these things in real life, too. They would have looked a lot like underwear, but they’re okay to be seen—it’s not an embarrassment or an accident. It’s sort of how underwear at the beach is odd but a bikini, which is so similar, is standard. I mean, to me, what’s really crazy in this photo isn't the underwear. It's my hair color!"  "The Sanderson Sisters! Love them. When I had to fly as a witch, they had me rigged up in a harness and this corset, ready to fly. And sometimes I would just hang out up there in the rigging while the crew reset between takes. Inside this corset are pieces of The New York Times, divided into sections. They fit perfectly because the corset was so boned, it worked like a magazine rack. It was made absolutely properly—spot on as they would have in the 17th Century—so they researched what I would have worn back then. If you’re wearing a corset that’s properly made, it’s comfortable. This one was like being held by nice hands. I would totally recommend wearing a corset, and I do it in one of the Intimissimi ads! So get the good kind... you know, pain isn't sexy."  "Oh, she’s wearing a negligee with a push-up bra underneath it, isn't she? Of course she is. That character is an abominable person! She’s awful! But the costume is not awful, because they didn’t spare any expense on that movie. The quality of that lingerie is exquisite. That is a quality piece—like, fancy. What did I learn from this costume? That I didn’t want to look like this in real life. But the funny thing is, looking at it now, it’s a fairly standard look! You could totally wear her clothes, just don't act like her. That's the trick." "Oh, I'm fashion roadkill! Those pants were made by William Ivey Long, who is a famous Broadway costume designer. He’s famous for making costumes for all the huge, sparkly dance numbers. One of his tricks is embroidering tiny crystals very delicately in [panty] hose, so the leg shines and catches the light whenever it moves. So I asked him if he would please do that, and personalize these hose for me. The bra is by Dolce & Gabbana, those beautiful balconette bras. The coat and shoes are Dolce, too. But the panties, those are a William Ivey Long original, and since they’re fragile, we had to make a few pairs. Some of them needed to be hanging on the fashion show rack in certain shots, and some I had to wear.  We needed quite a few pairs for me, because I fell quite a few times, and the underwear was too fragile for it. I actually choreographed my own fall, and I was okay! I fall a lot, to be honest. And I happily did it, because I knew that scene would be great. But to be honest, I feel like I fell an endless number of times. Easily a few dozen. We had to shoot me falling in front of [Samantha and Charlotte] in the front row, then me falling with a wider shot of all the rows, then me falling from the photographer’s perspective, from Heidi [Klum] stepping over me! In front of Kevin—we had Kevin Aucoin and Orlando Pita backstage doing hair and makeup. That was towards the end of Kevin’s career. He wasn’t feeling well at all. We had to shoot that fashion show over a few days, and he was laying down between every shot we did. He was very sick but he was also very sweet and he showed up every single day to do the work."  "Patricia Field was one of the first people in the ‘80s to inspire inner-wear-as-outer-wear, whereas other people would be like, “Hide your bra straps!” Pat was very into showing them off. We liked that strategy for Carrie because we feel like she gets dressed for everything, including just going bed with Big. And I liked it because there were other actors on the show who were comfortable and willing and wanting to wear less on camera! And they were so good at it! They looked so great doing it! Meanwhile, I really didn't want to do it, and Carrie had a look for every occasion, even bed, so it worked out. That’s old thrift store lingerie, and I’m wearing an underwear and bra underneath it. The slip is actually pale blue, not cream, but our lights changed it. I think it's fun to see all the layers. It's sweet."  "That’s the West Village of New York City. We always shoot close to home, which is really pleasant. So the thing with this brand is that they make it seem perfectly reasonable to wear pajamas with heels, or wear a bra with a blazer. They just make it seem great! But I don’t know if I have the same courage as the version of me that I’m playing in this commercial. You know? I always feel more courageous when I’m working. You create a character or a tableau and it’s easier. In real life, could I pull this off? I personally don’t know! It really scared me to try. But the beauty of it is, I got to do it, and I did it! Phew!"
 A teddy coat is essential.  Every holiday season generally brings the same circuit of events: heading home to visit family and catch-up with childhood friends, lots of shopping for gifts, and of course, all kinds of parties. That can be stressful, but having the right outfit can make you look forward to each outing. Dressing up is, after all, the most fun part about the holidays.  These three outfits, complete with timeless items from Sam Edelman, will make each event in your holiday schedule way more exciting—and earn you all the compliments. Check out the looks below, and then shop them yourself.  The holiday season calls for a lot of family time, so having at least one outfit that says "I'm an adult who pays their rent on time" is important. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't have fun with it (after all, you're due for catch-up drinks with your hometown pals after dinner.) Pair this leopard midi dress with a burnt orange teddy and suede boots for a look even your most critical aunt will love. When you get tired of fielding questions about your relationship status, head out with the girls and show off the cute halter neckline of this dress by ditching the coat. $160 SHOP NOW  $158 SHOP NOW $200 SHOP NOW    Even after a month of planning, there's always that one person you forgot to buy a present for. You need something that's functional and cute for that last-minute trip to the mall–and the lunch date with friends after a busy morning shopping spree.  Pair a puffer with a faux fur collar with these burgundy skinny jeans coated in wax for a sleek matte effect. And you can't go wrong with combat boots for hours of shopping—this is not the time for blisters.  $139 SHOP NOW $118 SHOP NOW $160 SHOP NOW  New Year's Eve is your one last chance to pull out all the stops before kickstarting those hopeful resolutions—and this black shift dress with fun feather details is the best place to start. Throw on an oversized black leather jacket to wear to dinner, and elevate the look—literally—with a black stiletto tulle bootie. Of course, this LBD look shouldn't only be reserved for toasting to 2020–let it be your go-to evening outfit for the many cocktail parties to come throughout the new year.  
 $200  SHOP NOW  $158 SHOP NOW  $120  SHOP NOW 
 Jennifer Lopez just landed a new job, and this time she's not doing a "front hook, ankle hook, knee hook" around a pole. Today, November 19, Coach announced that the multi-hyphenate is the new global face of the brand. Her partnership with the fashion house will start rolling out during the spring 2020 season, where she will front campaigns for Coach's signature leather goods, ready-to-wear collections and footwear. Current Coach ambassadors include Yara Shahidi, Selena Gomez, and Michael B. Jordan.  "I’m so excited for this collaboration with Coach,” Jennifer Lopez said in a statement. “It is a timeless brand that I’ve always been a fan of and the upcoming collection really speaks to my personal style— an uptown-downtown mix.”   "Jennifer is so authentic. She's determined and she’s an original who has followed her own path to do things her own way— she really embodies the attitude of Coach and our new campaign," said Stuart Vevers, creative director of Coach. He has been a fan of Lopez since her early Jenny from the Block days. Her New York upbringing—like the New York-based luxury brand—makes this a match-made in heaven. "Jennifer carried the Coach Signature bags in her 2002 video All I Have," Vevers said, noting the iconic music video. "She's from New York like Coach, which creates another authentic connection with our heritage."  Not only will Lopez kick off the new year as the global face of Coach, but the singer is hitting the stage at the 2020 Super Bowl alongside Shakira. When does this woman sleep?
 Good, chill fun. Some people take pride in playing the most challenging video games out there. That’s fine and swell, but sometimes, you just want a game you can jump into that isn’t going to be long, hard, or terribly frustrating (because you have enough stressful stuff in your life). Here are the best of those titles for the Nintendo Switch. Take it from someone who has played them: With all these games, the learning curve isn’t steep (so literally anyone, your dad included, can pick it up), the gameplay is fun and, dare I say, even relaxing once you really settle into it. Enjoy the ride. Pokémon's new big game for the Nintendo Switch features an open-world environment (modeled off of England), an improved battle system for those who have been playing the games, and Dynamax battles where you and your friends can fight with giant versions of your Pokémon. Be prepared to lose many hours running around, collecting Pokémon, battling Pokémon, and getting gym badges. This game is designed for Pokémon players of all skill levels, so for those less familiar with the series, there's enough to ease you in so you can prosper. (And there's always Google for those who don't know type weaknesses by heart, which can really help you out in the game's many battles.) Sword and Shield have different version exclusives, including the different legendary Pokémons, some Pokemon that only appear in one version, and different later gyms. See a breakdown of the differences on IGN to figure out which you'd rather get. This remake of the 1993 Game Boy game is adorable, sleek, and pretty easy to jump into. The story moves smoothly, although this game isn’t as heavy on plot as some other Zelda titles may be. But it doesn't need to be; it's still a blast. The entire game is roughly 20 hours long, and if you do want more of a challenge, there’s a hero mode (translation: hard mode). But if you don’t, the regular mode adventure doesn’t get terribly difficult until the very end, and that's thanks to the dungeon's puzzles more than enemies. It’s a great platformer to play while traveling. This title is essentially a classic on the Nintendo Switch, and it deserves to be. It’s an inventive, addicting, and a really fun Mario platformer.  The levels are imaginative (there's a New York City-inspired level and a food-themed one, as a sampling of the variety), expansive, and offer plenty of opportunity for you to run around and explore if you want more chill gameplay. The main story mode’s enemies don’t pose too much of a challenge either once you get used to the mechanics, which the game eases you into. Also, there’s something almost therapeutic about flinging your JoyCon to swing Mario's hat Cappy to fight enemies.  Literally anyone can pick this game up and win: Parents, friends who have never touched a Switch, and Mario Party veterans. The standard party mode is as much luck-based as it is skill-based. So you may win most of the mini games but still fall short of first place in party mode because your friend had slightly better luck with dice rolls. New additions to this Mario Party include partner party mode (great for double dates or hangouts), a fun rhythm mode, and a co-op mode (where you play team mini games). This game is playable on your own but is even more fun with a group. Party is literally in the title, after all. When it comes to fighting games, the mechanics behind this one seem simple at first. There are some excellent Smash players out there, but gamers of all skill levels can get sucked into this game for hours. This game is the best with a group, although there’s plenty of solo modes (story mode, adventure mode, etc.) that make it easy to pick up and play alone while on the go.  This game is so aesthetically pleasing to look at and it's clever, with the craft materials incorporated into every item in the game's backgrounds. The premise is simple: Complete levels, get flowers and gems, and beat baby Bowser. But this game isn’t as much about the story as it is the gameplay. Each level is mellow, fun, and on the whole, just lovely to take your time playing through. Few games can make most people willingly do squats and planks. This is one of them. How you look playing it—using the resistance band-controller and leg attachment to do body weight exercises or jog in place—may be ridiculous, but you do work up a sweat. You can set the fitness level to be as low-key or intense as you’d like it to be. It doesn't entirely replace the gym or an hour jog, but it’s a good way to get a supplemental workout in and have fun. There’s a little more plot in this than some of the other titles here: Luigi has to save his friends who get trapped in paintings in a haunted hotel. But the real appeal here is gameplay: sucking up ghosts and money in the imaginative levels, which include a garden-themed floor and a medieval castle one, is super fun. The co-op mode for two players is among the best the Nintendo Switch has to offer. One player controls Luigi and another controls Gooigi, his slimy double. Neither player gets the short end of the stick when it comes to gameplay experiences.  While the controls take some getting used to, the game does an excellent job of easing players in. This is a very fun—and very nice—Pokémon game that works for beginners and those more experienced with the series alike. The premise is simple: Go to towns, catch and train Pokémon, beat gym masters, get badges. The Pokémon-catching mechanics are a lot like Pokémon Go, for those who are familiar with the mobile game.  The entire game is about 20 hours, and Ariana Grande boasted about finishing it, so it has vocal celeb fans. Bonuses include having an adorable Eevee or Pikachu to pet throughout the game, which does have a purpose other than being cute: it builds your bond with your partner Pokemon and ultimately helps you in battle. This cute box-themed puzzle game eases you into more tricky puzzles—and gives you a sense of satisfaction whenever you solve one with the fewest amount of boxes. There’s a single and two-player mode, and both can provide a hour or two of entertainment if you need it.  Mario Kart games are always good, but this one is particularly great because of its versatile control options and imaginative courses. For those more into using a classic controller to play (like you did in Mario Kart 64 or Mario Kart Double Dash), there’s that option. For those used to the Wii and Wii U’s motion-based controls (where you tilt the JoyCon like it’s your steering wheel), you can use that too. This game is addictive, great for parties, and easy for anyone to pick up on the fly.
 Forget basic black—this winter, it’s all about color and volume. It can be so easy to fall into a wardrobe rut as temperatures drop. But resist the urge to rely on safe staples and muted colors, and instead, swap out some of that black and gray for hues that are much brighter and a lot more playful.  Max Mara’s Teddy Bear coat—reimagined this season in five exciting colors—is the outerwear staple your closet needs now. Ahead, how to style the coziest coat you’ll ever own. Dress down the bright yellow coat with a pair of easy vintage jeans and a white button-up. The casual outfit allows your outerwear to have its own moment without feeling too extra. Keep that same laid-back attitude by finishing off with a pair of sneakers.  This powerful, royal blue hue is a strong statement on its own. Let it stand out by pairing it with a classic New York City look: head-to-toe black. For a super soft effect, wear the ivory Teddy with pieces in the same color family to nail one of this season’s big trends: tonal dressing. Here, it’s worn with a combination of creamy beige, taupe, and camel pieces that create one seamless, chic look. Play down the vibrancy of a coral coat with flat boots and neutrals like a textured gray skirt and white top. Pair it all with black tights for an outfit that looks—and feels—incredibly warm. Winter whites have nothing on full-body turquoise. Add a jolt of fresh color into your wardrobe by going all-out with a monochromatic look in a very bold hue—accessories included.                               
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 In every friend group, there is bound to be one that's canine-crazed (we see you). To get you on their nice list this holiday season, we prepared the ultimate gifts for the dog in your life. Skip the bones and boring old toys and opt for designer goods ideal for actual hypebeasts, canine spa treatments, and more, ahead.  If you want to go festive, Bark Box's newest collection of dog toys are the best the internet has to offer. For the true hypebeast.  Protect your pup's paws with booties that keep them clean while providing support, traction, and ventilation.  This DNA kit is great for those who adopt. It will help you discover your dog's health conditions, ancestry, and relatives with a simple swab of their cheek.   A pup needs pampering just as much as a human does. This essential oil helps reduce anxiety, pain & inflammation. Rub this on their paws, skin, or ears.  This box is a perfect welcome gift for brand new pups, which includes shampoo, a ball to play with, a rope-bone, a stain & smell eliminator, and beef jerky sticks.  This chic ceramic bowl will keep their food fresh and water cool. No dog left behind: this carrier is designed to keep dogs safe and sound while out and about. Only the highest quality streetwear for the dog-on-the-go, this Heron Preston x NASA windbreaker is sure to turn heads (and tails). This is a modern twist on the dog bed (so it won't clash with your Scandinavian home decor).  Here's a comfy fleece for the one who always keeps you warm.  You can actually bake for your dog with this healthy pack, made from natural ingredients . 
 With the holiday party circuit ready to cram your calendars, it's time to start dressing the festive part. Influencer Blair Eadie, aka Instagram's Atlantic-Pacific who boasts 1.5 million followers, is here to satisfy your soirée needs. For her second collaboration with Nordstrom in-house brand Halogen—the first was this October—we're getting dozens of pieces perfect for an impromptu photo shoot in front of a Christmas tree. Sequins are everywhere and there's a beaded star purse that will turn the drabbest of office parties into a 'grammably good time...Shop our edit of our favorite picks ahead. 
 Your sisters—biological and otherwise—are the real ones. They incorrectly taught you how shave your legs, supported you when you first got ghosted,  and also taught you not to care about shaving your legs. For all that they've done for you, they deserve the world, or at the very least, a new GD duvet insert because you're all adults now. Show love to the sister who knows all of your secrets with 50 gift ideas, here.  Your sister is the ying to your diamond yang.  Your sis deserves a Chanel bag, but you're operating on a lipstick budget. She'll love it either way.  For your girls trip to your next, Instagram-friendly vacation.  Read this book together, then spend hours chatting about it.  She doesn't believe in ugly sweater season.   These rings will remind you of your mom's chunky '80s jewelry.  She loves you almost as much as she loves cheese.   This everyday crossbody is calling her.  She would never indulge in this not-exactly-practical accessory, but that's why you're the better sister.  She already owns Burberry's classic check scarf.  You know her well enough to know she loves things with her initials.  Her dog has more Instagram followers than you.  Her, in olfactory form.  She's the queen of cozy, which means she needs great slippers.  Fill this translucent makeup case with her favorite beauty products.  Considering how chic this set or marbled resin hair clips looks, she'll never guess that you spent less than ten bucks.   There's no such thing as too many throw blankets.  This set is the anti-Cards Against Humanity game, asking touchy-feely questions that will help deepen your relationship.    You're the only person she trusts to buy her shoes.   This lil piggy helps hold the Airpods she keeps losing.  She's all about butt stuff. Butt workout stuff, that is.  For the zero-waste gal, get her a bar of shampoo, because yes, they do exist.  She deserves a soak.  Is your sister the type of person who always has her sh!t together?  Get her name customized to her exact (read: picky) preferences by Tiary, a jewelry brand that lets you customize the metal, stone type, and everything else in between.  Unlike tarot cards, this moon deck is more like an intention pack, providing guidance through encouragement and reflection on your current journey.  They don't have to be vegan to enjoy these tasty recipes.  She's never been a smartwatch kind of person. But Apple's new model will change her mind, with features like fitness tracking and a calendar for menstruation.  She is the epitome of boss lady.   There are many hoop earrings, but no one does them better than Jennifer Fisher. 
 From a custom pair of Louboutins to an Aston Martin designed by Daniel Craig. If the Neiman Marcus Christmas Book isn't the peak of holiday season, I don't know what is. The luxury department chain's annual catalog of top-tier holiday gifts are well worth getting on Santa's nice list for—a $35,000 Moët and Chandon vending machine, anyone?—and past Fantasy Gifts include everything from a $150,000 Arch motorcycle designed by Keanu Reeves to a $20 million submarine. The Christmas Book was first published in 1926 as a 16-page booklet and delivered as a Christmas card to Neiman Marcus' best customers. Over the past six decades, it's expanded to signify the ultimate in luxury gifting. Neiman Marcus celebrates the 60th anniversary of Fantasy Gifts this year, and you better believe the company hasn't held back when it comes to this year's gifts.    Yes, you read that correctly. 007 himself has designed seven (!) limited edition Aston Martins. The car comes in a sexy ink blue with a twin-turbo 5.2-liter V12 engine. Plus, each vehicle will also come with a limited edition all-platinum Seamaster Diver 300M OMEGA timepiece. Oh, and did we forget to mention it includes tickets to the world premiere of the 25th James Bond film,  No Time to Die? $700,007. Always wanted to go on a food tour of Italy, but didn't know where to start? Look and eat no further! This trip for two starts in Modena, Italy, where you'll visit the Pastificio Di Martino factory and learn how to make pasta from third-generation pasta maker Giuseppe Di Martino. (Take that, Food Network reruns!) The following day, you'll enjoy a cooking lesson from Chef Massimo Bottura, followed by a dinner at Bottura's three-Michelin-starred restaurant, Osteria Francescana. The rest of your trip will be spent on a guided tour of the local markets while driving in exotic cars through the Emilia Romagna region, otherwise known as "Italy's Motor Valley."  $200,000. You and a friend will be flown to New York City to join a Neiman Marcus insider at Fashion Week. You'll be sitting front row at the week's most anticipated shows and later hanging out backstage, plus you'll take home a look from each designer. Worried about how you'll stand out from the crowd? Have no fear. You'll be treated like an A-lister with hair, makeup, and styling every day during your visit, thanks to Neiman Marcus.  $250,000. If you're a sneaker-head, this is the ultimate gift. Head to Tokyo for a once-in-a-lifetime experience of meeting and hanging with streetwear mogul Jeff Staple. You'll get to visit Jeff's favorite stores, eat dinner at his favorite restaurant, Narisawa, and stay at the five-star hotel Aman Tokyo. Throughout 2020, you'll also receive a minimum of eight collaborations by Staple, each featuring a signed letter of authenticity.   $110,000. Sit in the chair of legendary makeup artist Mario Dedicanovic for an hour as he does your makeup using some of his favorite products from Neiman Marcus. You'll see firsthand why celebrities have to book him a year in advance. Your hour in the chair will be recorded and featured on his Instagram channel, where he'll show your transformation from start to finish. The party doesn't stop there: You'll also receive tickets to one of Mario's makeup master classes, a meet-and-greet, and photo opportunity, and take home some of the products used during your glam session.  $400,000.  Have your pet feel like a king or queen in a one-of-a-kind pet home made by Rockstar Puppy in collaboration with actress Denise Richards. There are no limits when it comes to making your pet's dream home, so go big or go home. You'll be chatting about your plans with designer Jessica Clark, and then you'll video chat with Richards to make your vision come to life for your special furry friend.  $70,000. Meet with creative director Claire Choisne at the iconic Maison Boucheron in Paris. You'll get an exclusive look at what goes into each piece at the house's workshops and design studio. Don't think you'll walk away empty-handed—the exclusive Perle Au Trésor will be coming home with you. It's a prized objet d’art that opens to reveal a necklace, bracelet, and two brooches. As for accommodations during your stay, you'll retire in luxury with a two-night stay at Le 26, Boucheron’s Place Vendôme apartment, formally known as Hôtel de Nocé.  $695,000. Yes, you read that correctly. You and a guest will fly out to Paris and visit Christian Louboutin's favorite stores, one of them being the original Christian Louboutin boutique on rue Jean Jacques Rousseau, where you can pick five (!) pairs from the latest collection. You'll also visit the designer's atelier to work with the atelier director and a group of artisans to design your custom shoe. You'll wrap up the day by wining and dining at Michelin-starred restaurant Divellec and experience the legendary cabaret show Crazy Horse Paris. Then you'll go back to your two-bedroom signature suite at the Mandarin Oriental, a five-star hotel on chic rue Saint-Honoré in Paris. When you return home, your custom shoes will be waiting, along with the original sketch of the design from Mr. Louboutin himself.  $125,000.  For the first time, Neiman Marcus presents an additional Fantasy Gift exclusively for InCircle card members. You'll taken abroad via private jet to five different destinations, each with a different luxury accommodation. Your adventure begins at Kasbah Tamadot near Marrakech, Morocco, then you'll be off to Lefay Resort & Spa near Dolomiti, Italy; next the IceHotel in Sweden; then Jade Mountain in St. Lucia; and you'll wrap up the trip at The Lodge at Blue Sky in Utah. Guests will stay three nights at each location.  $575,000.  Looks like I'm going to need to re-evaluate my Christmas list. 
From: Marie Claire US

 If 2019 was any indication, 2020 will be the year of Justine Skye. The past few months have been great to the Brooklyn native; she landed two acting roles—one as a stripper named Keesha in the film Already Gone and another as, well, another stripper named Violet in BET's Tales, which brought to life Cardi B's "Bodak Yellow."  After breaking free from her record label, Skye recently re-introduced herself as a confident, self-assured, and 100 percent independent artist with the September release of her EP Bare With Me. Now with a little over a month left in 2019, the singer squeezes in just one more project—a special collection for H&M. Designed in collaboration with her stylist, Ade Samuel, the collection features a bright assortment of cozy activewear and warm-weather pieces inspired by the two Los Angeles and Brooklyn—the two cities where Skye spends much of her time. A quick perusal of Skye's Instagram shows the singer has an affinity for 90s-inspired, body-obscuring silhouettes, so it makes sense then that she designed a grey high-neck sweatshirt and matching grey pants with "1995," the singer's birth year, inscribed on each piece, perfect for those on the east coast braving the cold weather.  As if... we could ever get tired of another tartan skirt set, Justine and Ade whipped up a blue and red plaid version with a zip-front windbreaker, matching skirt and mini handbag.  "I’ve always loved patterns and I definitely love to be comfortable. [Ade and I] wanted to make sure this collaboration represented me in the most unique and best way possible," she tells ELLE.com. "We wanted to make sure we had some comfortable pieces that everyone could see themselves in, as well as fashionable pieces. I also love small bags and they’re what’s trendy right now, which is why I decided to include a small bag." The designer duo put a new spin on a twinset with a cloud printed bodysuit and matching windbreaker that Justine says "completes any look."  "I’m always traveling back and forth between LA and NY so I feel like this jacket is super easy and light to travel with yet still fashionable and warm," she explains. The collection is a direct reflection of her "unique" and "defined" closet, which is filled with "oversized pieces that are easy to just grab and put on."   The 17-piece collection ranges from $4.99 to $54.99 and officially launches online and at select NYC stores on November 22. 
 ELLE.com takes on the party scene. Here's what everyone was doing out and about this week. At the Guggenheim International Gala at Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum on November 14, 2019 in New York City. At the Guggenheim International Gala at Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum on November 14, 2019 in New York City. At the Guggenheim International Gala at Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum on November 14, 2019 in New York City.  At the Guggenheim International Gala at Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum on November 14, 2019 in New York City. At the Guggenheim International Gala at Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum on November 14, 2019 in New York City. Celebrating the launch of Furtuna Skin at NYC's Blenheim Restaurant on November 5. Celebrating the opening of a new Ray-Ban store on Abbot Kinney Boulevard in Venice, California on November 7.  Celebrating the opening of a new Ray-Ban store on Abbot Kinney Boulevard in Venice, California on November 7.  At a cocktail celebration, hosted by Devon Lee and Sydney Carlson, at Spring Place Beverly Hills for the launch of the new Wildflower holiday collection, November 7. Celebrating the launch of her holiday collection with New York & Company at La Descarga Los Angeles on November 7.   Attending the boohoo x All That Glitters launch party at Nightingale Plaza in Los Angeles on November 7. Attending the boohoo x All That Glitters launch party at Nightingale Plaza in Los Angeles on November 7. Attending the boohoo x All That Glitters launch party at Nightingale Plaza in Los Angeles on November 7. At a dinner to celebrate the Barbie x Thierry Lasry collaboration launch at Scarpetta in New York, November 11.  At a dinner to celebrate the Barbie x Thierry Lasry collaboration launch at Scarpetta in New York, November 11.  At a dinner to celebrate the Barbie x Thierry Lasry collaboration launch at Scarpetta in New York, November 11.  Attending the MoMA's 2019 film benefit, presented by Chanel, which honored Dern, on November 12 in NYC. Both are wearing Chanel. Attending the MoMA's 2019 film benefit, presented by Chanel, which honored Laura Dern, on November 12 in NYC. Attending the MoMA's 2019 film benefit, presented by Chanel, which honored Laura Dern, on November 12 in NYC. Both are wearing Chanel. At a screening and dinner for film Link, presented by Unemployed Magazine, in NYC on November 12. At a screening and dinner for film Link, presented by Unemployed Magazine, in NYC on November 12. At a screening and dinner for film Link, presented by Unemployed Magazine, in NYC on November 12. Celebrating the 1th year anniversary of MNZ store in New York on November 12. Celebrating the 1th year anniversary of MNZ store in New York on November 12. Attending the Furtuna Skin launch at The Allbright in Los Angeles, November 12. Attending the Furtuna Skin launch at The Allbright in Los Angeles, November 12. Celebrating the Uniqlo x Marimekko limited edition collection at Agern in New York City on November 12. Celebrating the Uniqlo x Marimekko limited edition collection at Agern in New York City on November 12. Attending the opening of the new Dior handbag shop at Bergdorf Goodman in NYC, November 12. Attending the opening of the new Dior handbag shop at Bergdorf Goodman in NYC, November 12.
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Who: Zendaya  When: November 10, 2019  Wearing: Christopher Esber Why: Zendaya is like this dress—classic with an unexpected twist.  The geometric, rhinestone bodice—something we didn't know we needed in our life—is a sultry take on the LBD. Worn to the E! People's Choice Awards, the Euphoria star tops our weekly list of best dressed celebs.  Who: Rihanna  When: November 14, 2019 Wearing: Vintage John Galliano from William Vintage Why: Rihanna can do no wrong, and she was so right in this vintage look at the Queen & Slim premiere in Hollywood, California. It's boudoir chic at its finest.  Who: Celine Dion When: November 14, 2019 Wearing: Tom Ford Why: Gwyneth, Gigi, and now Celine. Just an icon wearing an iconic suit. That is all.  Who: Jessica Alba  When: November 09, 2019 Wearing: Ralph & Russo dress, Jimmy Choo shoes and bag Why: If you asked an eight-year-old what they'd wear to their future wedding, we imagine they'd describe Jessica Alba's exact outfit at the Baby2Baby Gala in Culver City, California. We're not mad at that. Who: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley  When: November 08, 2019  Wearing: Bottega Veneta Why: This is a lesson in perfect winter proportions. Long coat, long skirt, high boots—everything in balance.  Who: Jameela Jamil  When: November 14, 2019 Wearing: Annakiki Why: Mini dresses and tights are a seasonal must. We're taking a mental note to copy Jameela Jamil's exact look at the HFPA and THR Golden Globe Ambassador Party for our next holiday soiree.  Who: Yara Shahidi  When: November 02, 2019 Wearing: Gucci Why: Yara Shahidi attended like LACMA Art + Film Gala in Los Angeles, California cosplaying as a sun goddess, and we can't help but smile. But what makes us freak out is her wholesome interaction with Tyler the Creator. Combining these two forces makes her our best dressed celeb of the week.  Who: Kristen Stewart When: Acne Studios Wearing: November 6, 2019 Why: Between Rosie Huntington-Whitely, Emily Ratajkowski and now Kristen Stewart in New York City, we're convinced all suits must be worn with bras. Please report back to let us know how it went.  Who: Lupita Nyong'o When: November 07, 2019  Wearing: Danielle Franke Why: If you ever want to reuse your wedding dress, be inspired by Lupita Nyong'o. No, she's never been married, but she opted for a non-traditional bridal designer for her look at the NAACP LDF Equal Justice Awards Dinner in New York City.  Who: Katie Holmes  When: November 06, 2019 Wearing: Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini, Khaite boots Why: We chronicled Katie Holmes' excellent post-breakup style, but this look is our new favorite. She nailed formal winter style by unexpectedly pairing a silk slip with a wool coat and animal style boots.  Who: Dua Lipa  When: November 03, 2019 Wearing: Mugler Why: Dua Lipa and Mugler might be our new favorite power couple. The vampy aesthetic of the brand perfectly fits the singer's vampy personality, as proven at the MTV European Music Awards in Seville, Spain.  Who: KiKi Layne  When: November 02, 2019  Wearing: Gucci Why: The skies parted at the ACMA Art + Film Gala this week when Kiki Layne arrived. Her campy gown chicly clashes with her ethereal, halo hairstyle.  Who: Dakota Johnson  When: October 27, 2019 Wearing: Brandon Maxwell Why: We're not suggesting that Dakota Johnson get married anytime soon, but if she were to walk down the aisle we will not so quietly force her to rewear this look from the Governors Awards in Hollywood, California.. The cropped two-piece spectacular is the ultimate modern wedding dress, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Cynthia Erivo  When: October 29, 2019  Wearing: Marc Jacobs Why: If Cynthia Erivo wearing a loofa-meets-Lorax dress doesn't put a smile on your face, you need to reevaluate your life choices. She wore her Truffula tree gown to the Los Angeles, California premiere of Harriet.  Who: Ciara  When: October 30, 2019 Wearing: Carmen March Why: Puffer jackets rarely look this chic, but Ciara is a style maven. Her monotone outfit, worn in New York City, is the perfect way to fight cold weather with great style. Extra points for the editor shawl execution.  Who: Emilia Clarke  When: October 30, 2019 Wearing: Celine & Dolce and Gabbana Why: One degree larger, and Emilia Clark's camel coat may enter meme territory. The silhouette perfectly toes the line between chic and weird, which is exactly the sweet spot we sartorially aim. Who: Iman  When: October 29, 2019  Wearing: Valentino Why: Iman never disappoints, and her arrival at the  WWD Honors in New York City was another jaw-dropping example of amazing style. This leopard gown—yes, gown—is something only the supermodel could pull off.  Who: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley When: October 29, 2019 Wearing: David Koma Why: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's Instagram is a treasure trove of beautiful neutrals and half the Bottega Veneta runway collection, but this time around we're weak over her rhinestoned LBD, worn to the Harper's Bazaar UK Women of the Year Awards in London, England.
 As a culture, we've decided that with the stroke of November 1, the holiday season officially begins. (So long, spooky season.) However, there's nothing spookier than tackling your holiday shopping list. In a society that considers binging a whole season of a Netflix series a days work, why not conquer your yuletide to-dos in two? Below, the best black Friday and cyber Monday deals to ward off the seasonal scaries.   THE BEST BEAUTY DEALS  Black Friday Week: Cyber Week: Black Friday: Get a 20% savings on orders of $100 and 20% off orders of $200 + Golden Shimmer Face and Body Lotion. Cyber Monday: Free BeautyPrep Hyaluronic Serum ($52 value) with a $125 purchase Black Friday: From November 28 to December 1, tatcha.com visitors will be invited to ‘pick a card’ and reveal their mystery offer. You can play daily for the chance to unlock three offers in total. Black Friday through Cyber Monday: Up to 30% off select products and bundles, with an additional 10% off added on Cyber Monday. Black Friday: Receive 20% off beauty products sitewide, plus a 6-piece gift with your choice of bag on purchases $75+. Cyber Monday: Receive 20% off sitewide, plus a 5-piece luxe gift with your choice of bag on purchases $65+. Email subscribers to katvondbeauty.com will receive 25% off sitewide. Black Friday through Cyber Monday: 30% off DERMAFLASH LUXE and 15% off DERMAPORE at retailers including Nordstrom, Sephora, and ULTA Black Friday through Cyber Monday: 30% discount on all orders + free shipping Black Friday: From November 28 to November 30, receive free shipping + free Blueberry Deluxe (15ml) on any order over $10, and receive free shipping + free watermelon sleeping mask (30ml) on any order over $80. Cyber Monday: 20% off all Glow Recipe products using code "GLOWGANG20" (excludes kits). Receive a free sample sneak peek of the brand's newest launch all day Monday. Black Friday: Free shipping on any order over $10 Cyber Monday: 20% off all orders (excludes kits) Thanksgiving/Black Friday: 25% off all products on Amazon.com Pre-Pre-Black Friday: Spin the Wheel mystery promos available between November 15 and November 19  Pre-Black Friday: Buy one, get one 50% off with code "BOGOBF19" from November 21 to November 25.  Black Friday: From November 26 to December 1, receive 20% off your purchase of $100+ with code "BLACKFRIDAY19." Cyber Monday: 25% off entire purchase with code "CM19" Cyber Week (12/4 - 12/8):  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: From November 21 until December 4, receive 30% off sitewide. From November 27 to December 2, receive 30% off Algenist moisturizers on Sephora. Black Friday + Winter Sale (11/29 - 2/29): Free 15ml Matte Hydrator with any purchase of $100+ (including free shipping) with code "Hydrate"   Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 10% - 30% off select Dial items on Amazon.com Black Friday: Get 25% off your order and receive a free Exotique Diamond Eye Gloss in Galaxy when you spend $75. Cyber Monday: Get 25% off + a complimentary Cyber Opal with any $65 order.  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: Spend $135+ to receive a free 30ml fragrance of your choice and leather case ​(excluding metals). Black Friday: $50 off $300 and three exclusive sets: Black Friday (11/29 - 12/1): 20% off sitewide, free multi-stick in Lady Bird with $75+ orders, and free shipping (no minimum) Cyber Monday: 20% off sitewide, free True Skin Radiant Priming Serum with $100+ orders, free shipping (no minimum) Black Friday (11/28 - 12/1): 20% off purchases over $50; 25% off purchases over $100; 30% off purchases over $200 Cyber Monday: 15% off orders, spend $100+ and get a free patchouli and vanilla body scrub Thanksgiving: Free gift with purchase kit with a $75 purchase using code "WTHANKS19" Black Friday: Buy one, get one 50% off cleansers, exfoliators, and masks with code "WBLKFRI19." Receive a free Luminizing Black Mask with each $75 purchase using code "WLBM19." Markdowns (no promo code needed) include, but are not limited to: Cyber Monday: 30% off your entire purchase with code "WCYBER19"   November 8 — November 14: Free Face-lift in-a-bag ($22 value) with any purchase using code "FACELIFT" at checkout November 18 — November 20: Free deluxe sample of Brightening Eye Serum with any purchase with code "EYESSOBRIGHT" November 21 — November 26: Save 10% off one kit, 15% off two kits, 20% off three kits, 25% off four holiday-themed kits with code "KITSONKITS" Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 10% - 30% off select styling and color products on Amazon.com beginning with a lead up time from November 1 until November 27 November 28th — December 2: Get three months of the brand's skin health system and customized for $99 ($135 value).   November 26 — December 3: 25% off sitewide Black Friday: 35% off sitewide and free shipping on orders $50+ with the code "BF35"  Cyber Monday: 85% off during the Mega Markdown event and free shipping on orders $50+, all purchases will include a free 2-piece beauty gift.  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 20% off products December: 10% off products December 9 through December 12, 20% off products on December 25 January: 15% off products on January 1  Black Friday: 30% off sitewide from November 25 until December 1 using promo code "BlackFriday30" Cyber Monday: 30% off sitewide using promo code "CyberMonday30" November 27 — December 2: Up to 40% off sitewide and up to 30% off products on Amazon  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: From November 27 to December 3, receive 30% off with code "F&F2019."  November 25 — December 2: Receive two for one full-size products. Cyber Monday: 20% off Black Friday: From November 28 through December 1, receive 30% off sitewide with code "BLACKFRIDAY." Cyber Monday: 50% off sitewide with code "CYBERSAVINGS" Black Friday: 40%-60% off new holiday hair care sets from November 25 through November 29 Cyber Monday: 25% off all products (restrictions apply)  THE BEST FASHION DEALS  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: From November 26 to December 3, receive 50% off all styles online and in stores. Black Friday: From November 25 until December 1, get 25% off crossbody handbags, small leather accessories, and belts; 50% off women’s Vince sneakers; 50% off men’s, women’s and kid’s coats, cold weather accessories; 50% off men’s and women’s jeans and cashmere; 50% off watches and women’s boots/booties; fragrance sets starting at $24.99; 70% off Effy jewelry. Cyber Week (12/2 - 12/8):  Pre-Black Friday: From November 20 through November 26, 50% off all jeans, sweaters, and outerwear in-stores and online Black Friday: From November 27 through November 29, 50% off everything (exclusions apply). Old Navy cardmembers will receive early access to the sale with 50% off their purchase from November 21 to November 24 when using their Old Navy credit card in-store and online.  Cyber Monday: Starting early, on November 30, OldNavy.com will offer 40% off everything, and 50% off sweatshirts and hoodies (excludes active and licensed apparel), sweaters, and jeans. 50% off sweatshirts, hoodies, sweaters and jeans for in-store shoppers. On December 1 and December, 2, it'll be 50% off everything.   Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 40% off your entire purchase from 11/26 through 12/3  Black Friday: From November 25 to November 30, receive up to 90% off sitewide. Cyber Monday: From December 1 to December 3, receive 40% off all sale items; purchase four items and get a fifth for free.   Black Friday: From November 25 to December 1, take 50% off all fall and pre-fall styles  Cyber Monday: From December 2 to December 8, take 60% off all fall and pre-fall styles  December: From December 9 to December 15, take 70% off all fall and pre-fall styles. From December 16 to December 22, take 75% off all fall and pre-fall styles. Black Friday: 30% off entire store with code"BLACKFRIDAY," through December 2 November 24 — December 2: receive 30% off using the code "THANKFUL" Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 40% off sitewide + sale from November 28 to December 4 Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 40% off sitewide from November 28 to December 4 November 23 — December 1: 25% off select styles from the Fall 2019 collection   November 25 to December 1: 20% off sitewide + up to 50% off sale items with code "WithThanks" Black Friday: 50% off sitewide from November 25 through November 30 Black Friday: From November 18 to November 30, receive 25% off sitewide (excluding Adidas). November 27 — December 2: 35% off sitewide  Black Friday: 20% off sitewide with the promo code "BlackFriday20"  Black Friday/ Cyber Monday: 30% off sitewide with the promo code "SAVE30"  Black Friday through Cyber Monday: 30% off sitewide November 25 — November 27: Receive a free sock gift with purchase. Black Friday through Cyber Monday: From November 28 to December 3, receive 25% off bestsellers.  Black Friday (November 26—30): 25% off sitewide (excluding the Italian collection) with code "BCKF9"  Cyber Monday: 25% off sitewide + free shipping and returns (excluding the Italian collection) with code "CYBM9" Black Friday/ Cyber Monday: 25% off entire order with code "2019THX25" Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 20% off sitewide Black Friday / Cyber Monday: 15%-60% off sitewide  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 25% off sitewide from November 27 through December 2 Black Friday/Cyber Monday: From November 27 to December 3, receive 25% your entire purchase with the code "BRABARHUG."   November 28 — December 2: 25% of proceeds will go to The Environmental Defense Fund. Black Friday: Up to 90% off the entire store Cyber Monday: 40% off the entire store (sale included)  November 25 — December 2: 30% sitewide and in-store November 25 — December 1: 50% off fall boots and 30% off everything else December 2: 50% off almost everything (exclusions apply) Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 40% off sitewide with code "CYBER40" Now — Cyber Monday: 20% off a Black Friday 9-piece collection, available for a limited time through December 2  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: From November 29 to December 2, receive 20% off sitewide with code "AMO20THX." On Black Friday only, subscribers will receive 30% off with a code sent via email.  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: From November 24, receive 60% off select styles at ParisaWang.com. Black Friday: 20% off all Karen Walker clothing (except collaborations, specifically the PJs in the loungewear category) Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 25% off online and in-stores with code "THANKS25 (excluding OV kits, 3rd party or gift cards) November 22 — Black Friday: Receive 50% off sitewide (excludes Mikoh surfboard collection) and earn an early access code to the sale on November 20 by signing up for the Mikoh newsletter. Cyber Monday: 60% off sitewide (excludes Mikoh surfboard collection) Black Friday: 50% off jersey thongs, french brief, and boyshorts $11-$17; on November 30, receive 50% off retro three packs (thong, bikini, plus) $34.50-$58.50.   Cyber Week: Monday: 10% off full priced items Tuesday: 10% off discounted items Wednesday: $100 off orders of $1000+  Small Business Saturday: 10% off accessories (excludes handbags) Cyber Monday: 10% off all giftable items (resold but unused items that are still in original packaging) November 25 — December 2: 25% off sitewide November 26 — December 2: 30% off sitewide with code "THANKSGIVINGLOVE30"  Black Friday: From November 28 through December 1, receive 20% off everything; 30% off $100; 40% off $200+, and daily doorbuster sales. Email subscribers and app users will receive early access to this sale on November 24 with daily doorbusters beginning on that date. Cyber Monday: 30% off everything + free shipping with code "Doorbuster Extravaganza" November 27 — December 3: 40% off regularly-priced items; 70% off sale; free two-day shipping + GWP with $150+  THE BEST JEWELRY + ACCESSORY DEALS  November 18th - November 24th: a Pre-Black Friday deal where  Black Friday: 25% off the entire site. VIP customers can get in on the fun early by signing up for early access to Black Friday deals here.  Black Friday: 20% off sitewide with code "ONCEAYEAR" Black Friday through Cyber Monday: 25% off select jewelry, 50% off select watches, in-store through December 2 and online through December 3  Black Friday: 50% off the original price of sale styles, 20% off all regular priced styles Cyber Monday: Buy two pairs and get 25% off Black Friday: Beginning November 25 for newsletter subscribers and November 27 for the public, receive 10% off one item, 15% off two items, and 20% off three items or more.  Black Friday (November 26 — December 1): With code "GOLDFRIDAY," 25% off purchases below $400 and 30% off purchases over $400 Cyber Monday: With code "GOLDMONDAY," 25% off purchases below $400 and 30% off purchases over $400  November 28 — November 30:   Cyber Monday:  November 29 — December 2: 40% off sitewide November 27 — December 2: 35% off sitewide November 22 — December 1: 30% off sitewide November 29: 30% off sitewide plus one sku deep discount (discounts can’t be combined) December 2—6: 25% off sitewide  December 2: 25% off plus get a free sticker pack with every order December 3: Giving Tuesday Deal: Gift Cards - buy one and get a $10 gift card for yourself December 4: Free Find Your Mantra book with any purchase $75+ December 5: Free Mantra Mug with any order $75+ December 6:  Buy two (with the 25% off) and get one free.   Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 30% off all products with code "BLACKFRIDAY" Black Friday: 25% off sitewide with code "blackfriday2019"  Cyber Monday: 25% off sitewide (through December 9) with code "cybermonday2019"  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: From November 26 to December 4, receive 25% off sitewide.  Black Friday: Early Access with email sign up on November 21, the regular sale runs from November 29 to December 1. 20% off with code "KBDBLACK20" Cyber Monday: From December 2 to December 6, receive 15% off with code "KBDCYBER15" Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 15% off sitewide with code "TAKE15"  Black Friday: 50% off sitewide Cyber Monday: $99 pieces available on the landing page  Black Friday: 25% off sitewide with code "BLACKFRIDAY"  Cyber Monday: 25% off sitewide with code "cybermonday"  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 50% off select styles   Black Friday: 50% off select pieces from November 25 through December 1 with code "FRIDAY19" Cyber Monday: 50% off select pieces from December 2 through December 8 with code "CYBER19" Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 30%-60% off select fine jewelry at www.lunaskye.com. Black Friday Week (11/23 - 12/2):  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 20% off sitewide Giving Tuesday: All Poptivism purchases donated +  $1 of all items purchased 12 Days of Deals: Special deals on products, changing each day from December 8 to December 19  Black Friday/Cyber Monday: Up to 50% off, special doorbusters, featuring DTC exclusive Saltwater & Avenue Duck styles for 50% off Black Friday: 30% off sitewide (some exclusions) Cyber Monday: 30% off regularly-priced items sitewide (some exclusions), 40% off all sale items November 29 — December 2: 50% off entire site  November 27 — December 7: 30-40% off sitewide, use code "SAVE30" for 30% off a single lens replacement or one Everyday Eyewear frame with lenses, code "SAVE35" for 35% off an order of two lens replacements or two Everyday Eyewear frames with lenses, and code "SAVE40" for 40% off an order of 3+ lens replacements or 3+ Everyday Eyewear frames with lenses.  November 25 — December 2: 40% off sitewide (exclusions apply), free shipping  November 23 — December 2: 30% off with code "DREAMON" November 28 — December 2: 25% off sitewide with code "BLKFRIDAY"   OTHER GREAT DEALS  Starting November 22: Starting November 24: Starting November 27: Starting November 28: Black Friday: Release of the Baies Black Friday Limited Edition Candle ($74, diptyqueparis.com), only available from November 29 to December 2.   Black Friday: Receive a free 24-Piece Bluemercury Bag (filled with popular products) with any $200 online purchase. Free 2-day shipping and three deluxe samples with every online order will also be offered.  Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday Select Deals: (valid 11/28, 12/1 & 12/2) November 28 — December 4: 40 to 50% off select Yoobi products on Amazon.com November 26 — December 3: 20% off all black frame purchases with the promo code "blackfriday"   Now — December 29: Save $50 on the KOOV Trial Kit, now $199.99 and save $100 on the KOOV Educator Kit, now $419.99. November 25 — December 2: For these deals, the more you buy, the more you save. Buy $250, get $50 off, buy $500 get $100 off, buy $1000 get $250 off, buy $2000 get $500 off Cyber Monday: Buy More Save More + Free Tote Bag December 10 — 17: 20% off sitewide November 13 — December 4: Spend up to $5,000 and save 10%, spend over $5,000 and save 15%, free curbside shipping November 29 — December 1: 20% off all products online November 18 — December 5: $200 off select purchases   November 29 — December 2: 20% off some of their top sellers via Wayfair, including:  November 28 — December 3: $75+ save 10%, $150+ save 20%, $300+ save 30% on select products   Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 15% off sitewide with code "JOY15"  Black Friday: From November 25 to November 29, receive up to 50% off specials, 25% off sitewide, 30% off comforters, St. Tropez comforter special  - $99 down, $79 down free, bedding (50-75% off), bath (50 -75% off), apparel/sleepwear (50-75% off), home decor & furniture (50-75% off) with code "BLKFRIDAY19." Cyber Monday: Until December 2, use code "CYBMONDAY19" to receive 25% off orders under $300, 30% off orders above $300, 30% off comforters + lacrosse, 40% off + St. Tropez markdown, bedding (50-75% off), bath (50-75% off), apparel/sleepwear (50-75% off), home décor & furniture (50-75% off). Black Friday/Cyber Monday: 33% off all Keebos with code "keebos33"  Black Friday: From November 29 to December 1, buy two products and get one free  Cyber Monday: 30% off full price candles with code "CYBERFELLOW" November 25 — December 2: 30% off sitewide Black Friday Week: Cyber Monday: 25% off entire site, 15% additional discount for select items  Black Friday: Beginning November 28, select retailers will offer a bundle, which includes a Nintendo Switch system and a download code for the Mario Kart 8 Deluxe game, at a suggested retail price of $299.99. Beginning November 27, several other Nintendo Switch games will be available for $39.99 each – $20 off regular price. This software offer begins on Nov. 27 at participating retailers. Players looking to explore fantastic worlds or engage in some friendly competition with family and friends can take advantage of the $20 discount on games like The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Super Mario Odyssey, Super Mario Party, Splatoon 2, Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze, Mario Tennis Aces and Kirby Star Allies, among others. For a full list of deals, visit https://happyholidays.nintendo.com/deals/. Black Friday: From November 27 to December 1, receive 20% off sitewide with the code "BF2019"  Cyber Monday: 20% off sitewide with select styles reduced to 45% off using code "BF2019"  November 27 — November 30: 25% off (minimum of $150) sitewide with code "BLACKFRIDAY" December 2 — December 4: 25% off (no minimum) sitewide with code "CYBERMONDAY"  November 26 — November 30: $35 off a monthly Crushed Tonic kit with code "CTBF19"    November 29 — December 2: 20% off sitewide and free shipping for all US purchases over $150 Black Friday: Receive free shipping and $1 boxes with code "FRIYAY." The first 100 subscribers receive a free Sips by box with code "FRIDAY15."  November 25 — December 1: 25% off sitewide (exclusions apply) with code "BIGTHANKS" Cyber Monday:  December 4—6: 20% off sitewide (exclusions apply) with code "CYBER20" Black Friday/Cyber Monday: From November 25 to December 1, receive 40% off sitewide (excluding palazzo collection + pegasus)
 You don't have to be flush with cash to prove you care. Chic gifts do exist under $50, and we did all the heavy present lifting so you could gift with ease. We rounded up 40 gifts that look way more expensive than their sticker price, including an edit of delicate jewelry she'll love, a robe that looks like you stole it from a Santorini resort, and the priceless gift of a perfectly lit selfie. Shop our edit of sneaky cheap finds, now.  This is the ring that sold out in three days the first time it launched. Don't let her miss it again.  Goddamnit do we love agate.  Give them the fuzzy wuzzies.  Why give them one lipstick when they deserve them all? Slippers are a go-to holiday gift, so you might as well choose a fun pair.  Tea sets: Not just for toddlers anymore. Give this to your colleague who is constantly going on after-work dates.  These 3D-printed planters are great for the succulent enthusiast.  Get this for the friend who is most excited about the return of Gossip Girl.  You don't have to feel bound by their birthstone, just choose a color they'd love.  Lots of shearling coats clock in at over $2k. Uniqlo's fleece is a fraction of the cost without sacrificing style/snuggle-factor.  Carhartt is worn by mechanics and pale freelance photographers in Brooklyn. Now ironically hip dogs can get in on the action, too. This robe is ten times better than the one your mom stole from the Courtyard Marriot.  When gifting PJs, do opt for a style they'd never indulge in for themselves.  For your honeybee.  This fancy woven gold hair clip is way better-looking than a humble bobby pin.  Give them the gift of kicking ass and taking names. ELLE.com explored the magic of Drunk Elephant; gifting this five-piece bestsellers kit shows them the hype is real.  Give this to your favorite artsy couple.   Penguins and cocktails are both better on ice.  Milk makeup has a loyal following— this best of kit helps them join the cult.   Everyone should have this easy-to-use slow cooker in their kitchen.  Lighting a dried sage bundle is said to help cleanse a home.  New parents will freak out over these adorable booties.  The most practical gifts are sometimes the sexiest. (Also these colors are cute, no?) Give this to the person who loves a good shower concert.   Lean a little bit closer, see these roses really smell...delightfully fresh.  Over 18,000 Amazon reviewers rate this clay mask at 4.5 stars.  Encourage her resolution to eat out less. Goop-tested, Goop-approved.  
 For producer and writer Hannah Miller, it’s all about dressing the part. Every day on the job is different for 25-year-old Hannah Miller—and that's how she likes it. "I couldn't just sit at a desk all day—I would go crazy," she says. Miller is a photo producer for Hearst Digital, where she produces all of the branded content shoots (including for ELLE)!  "It's nice always being on my feet and going places," Miller says. About half of her week is spent on set, which could be in a studio setting or traveling abroad, depending on the client and shoot. Whether she's picking up props before heading into the office or working on set at a gorgeous mansion in New Jersey, Miller's personal style is top of mind.   "I think that fashion and the way you dress is such a powerful tool," she says. "Dressing up in a way that makes me feel confident and good shows on the outside, and it helps me feel like I'm being taken seriously."  Since she does spend the majority of her time at work on her feet and moving around, it's very important to Miller that she's wearing a comfortable pair of shoes. The SOREL Cate Lace booties, for example, are comfy enough to get her from the office to photoshoots and fashionable enough to stand up to her work attire.  "Being in something that's stylish, yet comfy is really important," she says. "These are great because they have a little bit of height, but they're still very, very walkable and I think that's the best of both worlds for my day-to-day at the office."  Check out Miller's tips for how fashion and style can help you make big moves in your career:  You know how they say, "Dress for the job you want, not the job you have"? We think it's important to do both. "Even just dressing in a way that's appropriate and professional shows that you're there for the job and that you're capable of so many things," Miller says.  While you're finessing your personal style (because aren't we always), take a cue from people in your office. "I feel so lucky to get to go to work at a place where just the people around the office offer so much inspiration," she says. "I'm constantly like, Omg—I love that skirt or blazer. Incorporating special pieces into my own style makes me feel like I belong among this place of powerful creatives."  SOREL booties, sorel.com; Madewell blazer, madewell.com; Iro blouse, iroparis.com; & Other Stories skirt, stories.com; Emm Kuo bag, ekrdesigns.com; Machete earrings, shopmachete.com; Mateo rings, mateonewyork.com "It's so important to find what you like about your body and accentuate that, because that's the way to make yourself feel confident," Miller says. For her, wearing something like this matching set that shows off her legs—plus the added height from the shoes—allows her to walk into a room and feel empowered.  "I think sometimes it's 'look good, feel good,'" she says. White tees are a staple for Miller, too. "When you're wearing something a little more dressed up, throwing on a white tee underneath makes it a bit more casual." And she would know—she has about 50 in her closet.  Another tip: It's always good to wear a light-colored shoe like the SORELs with a skirt, Miller says, so it doesn't cut your leg off in an awkward way.  SOREL booties, sorel.com; Veronica Beard blazer and skirt, veronicabeard.com; Amo t-shirt, amodenim.com; Mateo earrings and rings, mateonewyork.com; Officina del Poggio bag, officinadelpoggio.com For Miller, working in fashion and a creative industry means she can play with fun prints and more casual looks at work, too. Here, she pairs her "favorite jeans ever" with a silk button down and blazer coat that give the denim a more polished look. With the SOREL booties, this is an outfit that Miller could easily get around in—from a shoot on-location back to the office.  SOREL booties, sorel.com; Serrano blazer and blouse, serranostore.com; Agolde jeans, agolde.com; Young Frankk earrings, youngfrankk.com; Mateo rings, mateonewyork.com; Emm Kuo bag, ekrdesigns.com; Enki sunglasses, enkieyewear.com 
 Come, on! You’ve never done that?’ cries Garance Doré as she leans back on a pristine peach-pink leather banquette, the focal point of her bright LA kitchen.  She’s trying to tell me that she was much more of a blagger than a blogger, back in the day. ‘I snuck into so many shows,’ she says, in her distinctive French accent. ‘I was like a little mouse.’ It’s hard to imagine how one of the most powerful influencers in the world, the woman who helped define street style and went on to become a front-row fixture, could slip into a room unnoticed – or needing to, for that matter.  ‘Oh, I didn’t belong at all,’ she recalls. ‘I was wearing things from Zara. I didn’t have the right clothes. But it was fun when no one knew me. When you start having status and everyone knows who you are? That’s when things change.’ Doré was working as an illustrator in Paris when she launched her eponymous blog in 2006, where she shared her illustrations and posted images of stylish young women who caught her eye on the streets of Paris, adding captions with her take on a trend or a story behind an outfit.  People immediately related to her candid, warm voice and soon she was being courted to do advertising campaigns for Moschino and illustrations for brands including Louis Vuitton and Kate Spade New York. But her following really snowballed when she joined forces with fellow blogger and street-style photographer, The Sartorialist's Scott Schuman, who she met at Paris Fashion Week in 2007. The power bloggers soon became fashion’s most followed ‘It’ couple. They brought street style into the mainstream – Schuman working in New York, and Doré in Paris before she moved to the US to join him – and were celebrities in their own right: the more they captured the best street style, the more their followers and brands became fascinated with the people behind the camera. In New York, Doré and Schuman led a starry existence. If street stylers were the new supermodels, Garance Doré was Kate Moss. Doors opened to her as she established herself as one of the most important women in fashion – she was featured on ‘women of the decade’ lists, alongside Angelina Jolie and Lady Gaga. It was, as she wrote in a blog post: ‘A world where, almost everywhere I went, familiar faces were there to say hello... where the red velvet ropes opened to me like magic.’  This was her life for almost a decade. Then, just like that, she gave it all up, walking away from the glamour of the fashion circuit. Because, behind the scenes, things were not as glossy as they appeared; her most accomplished years were fraught with insecurity and anxiety-induced panic attacks.  And nothing is more of a giveaway than the way her face lights up recalling those ‘scrappy’ days of sneaking into shows. They were simpler times, before success and status threatened to destroy her, before she realised she was only pretending to feel as polished as she looked. The ‘fight for survival’ rat race of New York that she escaped in 2015 after nine years couldn’t be further from the oasis of calm that Doré, now 44, has cultivated on the laid-back Westside of Los Angeles. It’s midweek when she welcomes me into the modern home she shares with her rescue dog, Lulu. [instagram align='center' id='BysfuzIhI4O']https://www.instagram.com/p/BysfuzIhI4O[/instagram]   ‘When I was 27, I had a choice – am I going to become a teacher or am I going to be an artist? I thought, If I’m a teacher, I’ll know where I am in 20 years; if I’m an artist, the sky’s the limit. I’ll probably never have money, but I’ll be free. So I’ll take that trade-off, and one day, I’ll get a break and I’ll buy a house... It’s not exactly what happened,’ she muses. ‘Because I made more money than I thought I’d ever make.’ Having grown up on the sleepy French Mediterranean island of Corsica – where her parents owned a seaside restaurant – it’s no wonder Doré feels such an affinity with the LA coast, nor that she considers her involvement in fashion an accident rather than a vocation. New York in 2008 was certainly an exciting, heady time – bad for bankers, brilliant for bloggers – but it seems to have chosen Doré, rather than the other way around. ‘People were curious about who I was and what I was doing, and respectful of the new ground I was breaking with bringing fashion online,’ she says of moving to NYC in her mid-30s, after starting her blog.  ‘In Paris, people were [critical] that what I was doing was not chic, whereas my goal was to make it chic. It was a time of new things. Alexander Wang and other designers started popping up; everyone wanted to go to New York Fashion Week.’ If Doré and Schuman were soaring as individuals, together they were invincible. Like the Jay-Z and Beyoncé of the fashion world, they had everything to play for. The Guardian described them as ‘The best thing to happen to style since Grace Coddington.’ Karl Lagerfeld was a fan. And, in 2012, they cemented their status as a pioneering power couple when they were awarded the CFDA Eugenia Sheppard Media Award for their services to blogging. Behind the scenes, however, Doré was descending into a period of anxiety and depression that would cause her to unravel over the next five to six years. ‘It was normal for me to cry, to let go of steam,’ she says. ‘I remember talking to Scott – we were still together [they separated in 2014] – he is a very strong man and he was like, “We’re at the top.”  I wanted to believe that and to be like him. I wanted to be strong and have a sense of, “This is my life and this is my career and I’m going to make it work.” It’s that thing of: “You’ve made it in fashion! You’ve created this, and you want to let it go? Where will you go? What will you do?” When you come from nowhere, you think, I’m not going to complain.’ Because thousands of people would kill to be in her position? ‘Yes! But it doesn’t mean that we need to stay stuck in something that makes us miserable. I felt like I was being very pretentious – “Look at all the new clothes I have, fashion is fabulous” – that kind of thing, and I should just, you know, shut up. What happens with success is you get to a certain place and there’s nowhere to go but up. Even if it means the death of your soul. I didn’t need these people to validate me and to be revalidated every season. I truly couldn’t care less and I was starting to do everything for show.’  So, she dressed the part, hoping that would make her feel the part. ‘My favourite style is jeans and a T-shirt; and when I started becoming someone important in fashion, this wasn’t cutting it,’ she says, of squeezing into sky-high heels for a more put-together look than she was used to.  ‘I felt like I needed to wear all these things – which I did for a while – until I realised it was just not me; until my body told me it was enough, and I started having panic attacks.’ What began as a bad feeling in her chest then returned every time she had to attend a fashion show until, one day, she was simply unable to leave her apartment. ‘There was a moment when I broke down before a Chloé show and decided to cancel,’ she says, quietly. ‘But there had been so many moments like that... I would just push myself and keep going.’ In hindsight, Doré says the cracks were there at the beginning. ‘There’s a hierarchy of who’s sitting where and nobody can talk about it, because everyone is frustrated,’ she sighs. ‘You never want to be sitting where you’re sitting, basically. Except when you are sitting exactly where you want to be – and then you have a big ego rush that gets crushed at the next show. So it’s a lot of ego, a lot of superficiality of who’s wearing what, and a lot of pretending to be cool.’ With the advent of Instagram two years later, in 2010, and a new generation of influencers, ‘things started to get really weird,’ recalls Doré. Not least, because the term ‘influencers’ hadn’t existed until then. Before brand endorsement and sponsored posts, blogs were more like photo journals than marketing tools.  Doré, Scott and Canadian photographer Tommy Ton, whose street-style shots were published everywhere from The New York Times to Vogue Runway, were friends rather than Insta-rivals, who ‘tried to be respectful of our readers’, she adds. ‘This new generation came and it was all about sitting front row and dressing in clothes from the brand. Then it started being competitive. The first generation didn’t compete so much, because we needed to help each other and share what we learnt; we were creating a new language. There’s a lot of competition now there are so many more of them.’  I ask what she thinks of today’s influencers. ‘I don’t know. I stopped being interested. I don’t have nostalgia at all,’ she shrugs. ‘When I created what I created, it was because I was bored of magazines. We went against the system, we were breaking down the system. But then what you’re doing becomes the system. So now we can say the same thing about influencers, that they’re not authentic – the same thing we were reproaching magazines for before.’ But it wasn’t until Doré first moved to LA at the age of 40 that she realised she was suffering from something more severe than anxiety. By this point, she had amicably separated from Schuman and had met someone unrelated to the fashion world – musician Chris Norton – to whom she got engaged in 2016.  Their courtship played out on Instagram in a series of gushing pronouncements of their undying love for one another. With shared values and a love of the outdoors, the couple adopted a dog and attempted to start a family. But the anxiety didn’t shift; it only got worse. It was only then that she realised she’d hit rock bottom and knew she had to seek help. ‘When I went to see my psychiatrist, he said, “Your house is crumbled, so we need to build a new one; that’s what we’re going to do.” You know those old houses where vines grow on the walls and you don’t realise? That’s how I felt. That’s depression. So, I built a new house.’  With a combination of antidepressants and therapy, Doré emerged from the fog, but not before realising she needed to recover on her own. Her relationship with Norton ended in 2018 because, she says, they simply weren’t meant for each other.   There’s still fashion on Doré’s blog, but it has evolved into Atelier Doré, an online lifestyle platform where she oversees an editorial team as creative director. As well as contributions on style, beauty, careers and travel, Doré posts personal diary entries about everything from mental health to fertility. ‘I found a voice years ago and I’ve realised I need and love to be heard,’ she says.  Recently, she went on a silent retreat for six days, which felt like a ‘nightmare’ at the time, but emerged as something more profound. You weren’t supposed to look at other people or make eye contact; Doré says she couldn’t stop. ‘I want people to know that I’m here,’ she says. ‘Not in a giant ego way, but in a sense of connecting.’ Doré is philosophical but open-minded about the future. ‘Life’s goal isn’t to acquire something specific, it’s to learn about ourselves. People forget that, because we’re taught to pile up a bunch of sh*t. Kids are great, houses are great, but it’s not the end goal.’ As we clear away the ceramic coffee cups and last crumbs of tarte tatin, Doré tells me she’s throwing a party soon to celebrate a year of being single. It’s a milestone for someone who has been in back-to-back relationships since she was 13.  ‘That deserves a party,’ she says, joking she’ll invite all the guys she’s ever dated. She’s still on friendly terms with Schuman. ‘It’s alright. It comes and goes like everything. You’re like, “Argh,” and then you’re like, “Oh, I want to talk with him.”’ And then, ‘Argh!’ Right?! ‘I’m dating and I’m flirting,’ she confirms. ‘You know how old people don’t give a sh*t any more? You get to 40 and there’s supposed to be a peak in your life, and you’re supposed to be somewhere in your career and you get there – and you’re like, “F*ck it. I don’t want to do what I’m supposed to do any more. I’ve done it and it didn’t make me happy.” Right now I’m just having fun, it’s how it’s supposed to be.’ This article was originally published in the ELLE UK December issue. Like this article? Sign up to our newsletter to get more articles like this delivered straight to your inbox. Sign Up  
From: ELLE UK

 Every once in a while, the iconic picture of Cher Horowitz standing ankle-deep in a sea of clothing on her bedroom floor circulates on social media and I'm reminded of exactly what my bedroom looks like...anytime I get dressed. After about two-to-three outfit try-ons, I usually admit defeat and settle on something either super comfy—tracksuits are my aesthetic—or something super basic. But then, my co-workers introduced me to the world of clothing rental services (Rent the Runway is an ELLE.com editor favorite). As someone who loves to own their own clothes, I asked the tough questions: Is renting clothing actually better then committing to a purchase? Which ones are actually worth the monthly fee?  I did what most clothing rental skeptics would do—research. Ahead, the ten best clothing rental services that'll completely transform your closet.  Why you'll want it: Looking to standout of the crowd as you catch the bouquet at your friend's upcoming wedding? Maybe you have a job interview at a known cool company and want to impress your potential employer. Or maybe your closet is in dire need of a tune-up. Rent the Runway has excellent occasion-wear and fashiony work-wear, including designer pieces from brands like Tibi, Rejina Pyo, Club Monaco, Tory Burch, Reformation, Jason Wu and more How it works:  Choose from two plans: Unlimited or Update. Unlimited offers members over 650 designers with items valuing up to $3,000; there's also the unlimited option to swap items. For those who chose Update, you choose from 400 designers items valueing up to $300, but you can only swap once a month. Still, both memberships allow members to rent four items at a time.  The cost: RTR Unlimited, $159/month; RTR Update, $89/month RENT NOW Why you'll want it: You already spend your paycheck on cult-favorite retailers like Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, and Free People, so why not rent from the good folks at parent company URBN each month hassle free?  How it works: First, fill out a short quiz about your sizing and shape. Once your personal edit is complete, you can browse the clothing, which include new season items; choose up to six rentals a month. Laundry and clothing repairs are also included in the price. Buy can any item you love and Nuuly will give it to you at a discount which varies from brand to brand. Return the ones you don't need to own.  The cost: $88/month RENT NOW Why you'll want it: Who wouldn't want an endless closet of comfy basics and no-fuss work clothes? Infinitely Loft offers everything you love about Ann Taylor Loft —floral prints, warm knits, wrap dresses, etc.—in  all the sizes, including maternity and plus. The details: After signing up, members browse the website to build their own dream closet—the more you add, the more intuitive the suggested picks become. Then click "prioritize" so Infinitely Loft knows you want first dibs on those items. Once the three pieces arrive, keep the best treasures for a discounted price (the website doesn't specify the percentage). When you're ready to return, just notify Infinitely Loft, slap on a pre-paid shipping label, and get ready to receive your next box. The cost: $64.95/month RENT NOW Why you'll want it: Banana Republic Style Passport is another clothing rental service that makes dressing for work quick and seamless process so you have more time for things that matter (lattes, sleep, podcasts).  The details: After curating your own closet, you can rent three items at a time and wear them for as long as you want, or return them using your pre-paid label. You also have the option to get more items any time during the month (some services just do a single bulk shipment).  The cost: $85/month RENT NOW Why you'll want it: "Fashion is a state of mind, not a size range," Fashion to Figure Closet's site reads. The Fashion to Figure Closet rental service is made for women sizes 12–24 and XL–3XL who want a slew of clothing options to choose from.  The details: Fashion to Figure Closet members can rent three styles from the proprietary brand, and can return and repeat as much as you want. If there's an item you absolutely can't part with, FTFC will knock a few dollars off the retail price just for you.  The cost: $54.95/month RENT NOW Why you'll want it: Gwynnie Bee's website has stylist-curated categories like work and weekend so members can easily browse clothing for every occasion. The service caters specifically to women sizes 10 to 32 from brands like Calvin Klein, ModCloth, and Addition ELLE  Eshakti. The details: Before you even decide to commit to Gwynnie Bee, the company offers a free trial that allows customers to rent two items at a time for one month. After your trial period is over, the pricing increases based on how many items you want to take out at a time. The priciest box allows you to rent up to 10 items and costs $199. The cost: starting at $69.95/month for two items RENT NOW Why you'll want it: The rich-girl closet you've been pining for is suddenly within reach. Vince Unfold is a good way to try out the brand's offerings, from breezy linens for an upcoming vacation to leather and velvet suits that'll make you look and feel one hundred percent that bitch.  The details: Vince Unfold members are encouraged to maintain at least 10 items in their virtual closet; the company sends four at a time. You can wear them for as long as you wish within the month and exchange them whenever you want all month long. Vince Unfold also offers members a discounted price on all its offerings so you can keep the ones you want or return your items for a new batch. The cost: $160/month RENT NOW Why you'll want it: You can beat the mall crowd and get New York and Company's latest arrivals delivered to your door.  The details: New York and Company Closet gives members the opportunity to add up to 25 items to their virtual closet so there's a better chance of getting pieces you truly love. Three of those items will be shipped monthly; return and replace your selects as often as you want.  The cost: $49.95/month RENT NOW Why you'll want it: Think Real Real meets Rent the Runway. Style Lend allows members to rent designer items from other people's closets. Hear me out: You get to rent designer bags, dresses, outerwear, anything from brands like Zimmerman, Self Portrait, Emilio Pucci, Chanel, Christian Dior instead of paying full retail price.  The details: If you've ever wanted to take Chanel's signature tweed suit for a test drive or haven't yet decided if you want to add a Louis Vuitton handbag to your collection, Style Lend has all the brands you could ever dream of in its inventory. You can rent a designer piece for seven days, return it, then rent again. The super affordable monthly fee might come as a shock, but unlike other rental services, the inventory isn't as expansive, you're only renting items for a week, and can't purchase the items you love (unless you speak directly to the seller and they're okay with giving up that fur-trimmed Emilio Pucci jacket). The cost: $7.95/month  RENT NOW   Why you'll want it: Do the brands Frame, Zadig & Voltaire, Mackage, and Ba&sh set your heart aflutter? My List at Bloomingdale's has over 75 brands and exclusive pieces for members to choose from each month. The details: Members start off by building their closet, then My List at Bloomingdale's will ship out four of items. You can keep them until you're ready for new items or buy them so they're yours forever.  The cost: $149/month ($99 for the first month) RENT NOW
 Whether you're working through your holiday shopping list or splurging on yourself,  Nordstrom's fall sale has something for everyone. So far, we clocked a pair of rain-ready Hunter boots at forty percent off, a peacoat with over 2,000 glowing reviews, and Dior sunglasses worthy of 2001-era Paris Hilton. Click through for our edit of the best the Nordstrom sale has to offer, ahead.
 The holiday session means your calendar is filling up with parties—some of which you begrudgingly attend out of responsibility, we get it. Rule number one for being the best houseguest? Never show up empty-handed. Instead of pretending to know what orange wine is, bring unexpected but equally thoughtful hostess gifts that go beyond the liquor aisle.  We rounded up essential kitchen goods that make party-throwing easier, coffee table books that double as chic decor, and the ultimate everyperson gift: really fancy hand soap. Shop our edit of 45 perfect gifts for the hostess with the mostest, now.  Cheese is good. Cheese on a patchwork agate platter is even better.  This deck is similar to tarot, although it's not predicting the future. The moon deck gives you mindful intentions to help you through life (and it makes for a fun midnight seance).  This honey pot is slightly less sweeter than your hostess.  They're salt (and pepper) of the earth kinda people.  The gift of Googling, not on your phone.  Pretty much anyone could use a few extra zzz's.   Popping open a can of Tecate has never looked chicer.  Try making this after a few cocktails for added confusion.  Give this and maybe they'll finally share their vegan cheesecake recipe.   Taking shots rarely looks this chic.  This book just got longlisted as a National Book Award nominee.  Make two buck chuck look expensive in a fancy wine bag Make sure to fill this vase with their favorite flowers. One can never have enough cozy (completely washable) blankets.  Bring them one step closer to being a zero-waste household.   For adults only. Seriously.  This genius bottle is also a bluetooth speaker. The future is now. Baking is so much more fun with a cute apron.  Snake plants are notoriously easy to raise.  This set will make their dining table feel like a cozy, Italian trattoria.   Waterford glasses will last a lifetime, and these are on sale for half off.  These 100 percent natural cellulose "dishcloths" are Sweden's reusable answer to paper towels.  Gift this to the person who hates wearing bras.  This smells as good as it looks.   Sweet slumber is made one thousand times better with a sleep mask.   Airdropping a photo album is never as good as sharing a hard copy. Stews are only as delicious as the dutch oven they're served in.   She's not like you—she doesn't travel with jewelry stuffed into her jeans pocket.
 With lessons from Michelle Obama, Nicki Minaj, and Gigi Hadid Most designer dossiers are close-ups of clothes. Not Prabal Gurung. For his first book, the Nepal native wrote his own autobiography and scanned 10 years worth of mood boards and sketches. The result is half motivational speech, half look book... with a celebrity parade in between. (Sarah Jessica Parker even wrote the forward.) Here, Gurung shares some standout pages. "When I think about starting my own label, it was ten years ago, but it feels like yesterday. It also feels like it happened to someone else. Seeing Michelle Obama wear my dress is a little like the whole book itself: a manifestation of an immigrant’s dream coming true." Michelle Obama in a Prabal Gurung gown at the 2010 White House Correspondents Dinner "I'm very organized. Like, I'm the person who organizes my fridge. So I know where all my old sketches are, where all the collection mood boards are. In the [fashion] industry, you have to learn to live with a certain amount of chaos. So I archive everything, just in case. Still, it took a year and a half to get everything together for the book." Frida Gustavsson (and her sketch!) in Prabal Gurung Spring 2011 "I don't like playing favorites, but some looks are turning points. This one [from 2014], with the head-to-toe red, it’s so significant. That collection was the first collection that leaned fully into [Nepal]. Coming to terms with and realizing my biggest strength is my heritage." Nate Westling on the Fall 2014 catwalk  "Ten years ago, I was probably one of the few designers talking about women in positions of power, about representation... and people said, 'Oh, you're crazy' when I wanted to do inclusive sizing. Now some of those same people are trying to learn from us... That's the kind of rebel I want to be."  Ashley Graham backstage at Prabal Gurung in 2018 "When you’re in school, you learn technically what to do and not do. They'll say, 'This is color harmony. This is science. These are the rules.' And that’s important, but I had to learn it... and then unlearn it. The rhythm and language becomes my own rather than someone else dictating it. I had to do my own thing!"  Purple and orange and pink? Sure! "The world has changed so much, politically, since I started working in fashion. It's not a time to be passive or silent... People said I shouldn’t be talking about politics as a fashion designer, but I didn't believe that. If the biggest weapon we have is our own individual voice, we've got to use our voice however we can. For me, that's through fashion."  Bella Hadid, Prabal Gurung, and Joan Smalls in 2017 Prabal Gurung by Prabal Gurung, with Sarah Jessica Parker and Hanya Yanagihara, available now. 
 “I had a C-section, so I was nervous to wear jeans at all,” said art history professor Meredith Greif. The simple task of finding well-fitting postpartum clothes—beyond a comfy pair of leggings—can be utterly monumental. Between sleep deprivation and the tremendous change your body and psyche undergo, fashion might not be your top priority. But (and read this sentence again) it can help ease you into post-baby life. The task can feel daunting if you’ve never been there, so we asked nine women who have.   From the paper thin jeans Greif said didn’t irritate her scar to structured high-rises that the hold newly-loose zones in, we listed the ultimate mom jeans (for actual moms), here.  "Levi's' Ribcage does exactly what it claims: Holds you in up to your ribcage. Post-baby, that’s the kind of support I need. I also am loving corduroy this season and the wine color makes it extra ''70s mom.'"—Aya Kanai, Fashion Director, mom to Rei, 20 months old “I had a C-section so I was nervous to wear jeans at all. I also lost weight quickly so I typically did not need to buy new clothing post-baby. But I fell in love with the opulent stretch-velvet jeans from AG in super black. The thinner, high-waisted denim with super stretch material didn't irritate my scar."—Meredith Greif, Art History Professor, mom to Max, 3 months old “My favorite jeans are Re/Done x Levi’s because of the high waist. It feels like it holds me in!”—Jennifer Galante, Digital Strategy Consultant, mom to Cara, 4 years old “I lived in my Mama J jeans throughout my pregnancy, and for the first few months after. Comfort became my number one priority, but I also didn’t want to sacrifice my style and these jeans fit the bill. Worth every penny."— Valeria Sosa Mantica, Advertising Account Director, mom to Mateo Mantica, 1 month "Post-baby I wanted jeans that were both comfortable and stylish, and didn't scream 'jeggings.' I love these from Everlane because I knew that once I lost my baby weight I could still wear them."—Benedetta Amadi, Interior Designer, mom to Olimpia, 17 months "I had enough stretch jeans during my pregnancy. Thereafter I searched for a high-waisted pair that still kept everything in place, but were loose enough to not compromise on comfort."—Nina Solomon, Art Director, mom to Levi, 2 years old "I lived in these jeans after having my second. I went up a size and altered the legs so it was fitted around the thighs, but it gave me a bit more room in the waist band. I felt put together and polished when on the inside I felt the opposite."—Laurie Clark, Publicist, mom to Baker, 3 months old "I was able to still feel like I was wearing my old jeans while being totally comfortable thanks to the super soft and stretchy belly band.  I loved how these jeans kept their shape with enough cotton and not too much elastic."—Carly Cardellino, Beauty Director, mom to Delfina, 10 months "I did the Rent the Runway unlimited membership when I was pregnant, which gave me access to endless, amazing options. I kept the membership and actually found two pairs of jeans right now that I love, including this cropped pair from Paige."— Meghan Fishman, Sales Operations, mom to Mila, 10 months old
 On Sunday, November 10, the best in pop culture, as chosen by the people, were celebrated at the People's Choice Awards.  Zendaya slayed in a one-shouldered cut-out gown, Rickey Thompson shut the house down in a belted forest green suit, and Pink! brought along her whole family for the show. Also, the entire cast of Vanderpump Rules showed up? From actors to musicians, and every reality star in between, here are the best red carpet looks of the night.
 There's opulence, and then there's a Valentino haute couture collection. The luxury Italian house swarmed Beijing this week with the opening of the Sanlitun flagship store, coinciding with a runway filled with extravagant gowns worthy of your next holiday party, bejeweled fencing helmets, and taffeta bows the size of a small child. The extreme lavishness extended to the makeup, courtesy of artist Pat McGrath, with metallic alien skin and Valentino's signature red worn as lipstick. "Daydream is the chosen title for the Beijing event, which unfolds across different actions all aiming at depicting the inclusive layers of Valentino today," the brand said in a press release. "Symbols, colors, decorations merge one into the other as the Italian spirit of the Renaissance meets the opulence of the Chinese splendor." Click through to see every couture look, here. 
 The search for the perfect camel coat will make you feel like it's Max Mara (and $2K+) or bust, but this season we're reaching for non-basics that are just as iconic. Fashion buyers told us that statement coats are in for winter 2019, and that seems to be right since it-coats are all the rage per IG. Glam faux furs from a power collab between Diane Von Furstenberg x Apparis has already trickled on our feed, Saks Potts' colorful it-coats are bound to get you stopped in the street, and we predict Madewell's perfect gray wool topper will be hanging in all your friends' closets. Click through for the 25 best coats of the season, here.  Consider yourself an influencer if you're lucky enough to own this stunner. Yes, this it-coat has an Amazon origin story.   You're going to see this perfect fall-to-winter coat everywhere this year.  Saint Laurent revived the '80s v-shaped overcoat on the fall 2019 runway.  Acne Studios is responsible for the shearling moto trend, but this year they upped the ante with this Neanderthal take. Here's a robe you can wear outdoors and no one will ask if you're doing ok.  TCW (The Coat When) west meets the arctic.   If you, too, struggle with a coat you can wear to a fancy event, buy this.  No one will guess this plaid topper is from the Gap.  The snake-like belt really sets this coat apart.   Veruca Salt is your style icon.  Here's a gray coat you will own for decades.  DVF teamed up with faux fur brand Apparis for this '70s showpiece. A longline coat that reaches your ankles is so hot right now. You know those cozy wool blankets you find in upstate Airbnbs? Here's the coat version. Here's a modern twist on retro shearling.   The platonic ideal of a camel coat.  Ideal for bear hugs.  This coat is so warm, you'll schvitz in negative temperatures.  You weren't a big fan of Once Upon a Time In Hollywood, but the style was pretty inspiring.   A down comforter is peak coziness.  You could call this a self care coat. Consider Deveaux, a new fashion brand led by photographer Tommy Ton, if you're a fan of brands like The Row and Bottega Veneta. A budget-friendly option of Instagram's favorite coat.  The shoulder cutouts on this faux leather coat will let you live out your Trinity dreams. 
 Chic winter shoes can seem like an oxymoron. When temperatures drop, we're not eager to reach for stilettos because come snowfall, moon boots are about as sexy as we're getting. Thankfully on the runways of Prada, Bottega Veneta, and others, designers prioritized functional footwear and didn't sacrifice style. And just to get real inside baseball, buyers at your favorite stores agree. We tapped five women heading some of the biggest department stores—Nordstrom, Bloomingdales, MatchesFashion, Moda Operandi, and Browns, respectively—to give us the scoop on the hottest footwear for the coldest season. Read on for their top picks ahead.  "The it-shoe of the winter is the knee-high boot," says Erica Russo, Bloomingdale’s vice president and fashion director. "It’s been awhile since the style has been front and center, and it’s a great investment piece you can have for years to come." The knee-high has been a sleeper style in the wake of the ankle bootie, but the '70s silhouette is back with a vengeance. "This silhouette has been out of fashion for so long that its return is exciting, with brands like Paris Texas really upping the fashion stakes with their fun takes," says Ida Petersson of Browns.   Kate Bellman, the fashion director of footwear at Nordstrom gives us a theory on why we are gravitating toward the sleek silhouette. "A resounding trend of the season is tailoring, and the same holds true for footwear.  This comes to life in a structured knee-high boot." You can style them with a midi skirt for work, or our new favorite outfit: a pair of trousers tucked into streamlined knee-highs, allowing us to be the Horse Girl we always knew we were.     "In short, the thicker the sole, the cooler they look," says Lisa Aiken, fashion director of Moda Operandi. "These boots add the right amount of edge to girly pieces and are a justifiable purchase because they’re super practical." Thick soles are what all winter boots should have regardless of the designer tag, so we finally have an it-shoe that can handle the sludge. "The lug sole is the prefect shoe for inclement weather," Russo states. "The bottom provides grip, but cool accents like shearling and hair calf means you'll want to wear them when it’s sunny,"  The lug sole continues the hiking trend that kicked off last year, coupled with this season's obsession with all things goth. You can take the investment route with Prada's combat boots—complete with ankle bags—but there are affordable OG styles like Doc Martens' platform pair. If you want to go full '90s like you're the emo member of the Spice Girls, Ida Petersson of Browns says " the 032C collaboration with Buffalo London are my absolute favorites."     The squared toe first made its appearance at the Spring 2018 runway ("The holy grail is Bottega Veneta," says Petersson), but the angular edge is still going strong. Shoes from the Italian brand, helmed by Daniel Lee, are still selling out everywhere, so "if you can’t get your hands on them, Wandler, Reike Nen and Manu Atelier offer some amazing alternatives with equally amazing price tags," she suggests. You won't tire of this trend anytime soon, because brands are reworking it in to every style. "From a great bootie to an evening shoe, designers have added this squared off detail in varying degrees."  Like the coordinating handbag trend, animal print is a new way to refresh your favorite silhouette and color. "Exotic details flew from the runway straight into our stores," says Bellman. Whether you're into neons or neutrals, there's a way to get wild for everyone's aesthetic. "Graphic snake or croc in a bold color is a must-have item for winter, and the material also looks incredibly polished in brown, the color of the season."  There is one exception we'll make for non-practical shoes this winter, and that's because it's finally party season. "We are in this moment when over-the-top glam for evening is exactly what everyone wants to wear," says Aiken. If sparkly stilettos aren't your thing, hit the dance floor with the return of fancy flats. "Ballet slippers are also making a resurgence," says Kingham. "The Row, Brock Collection and Midnight 00 are bringing something ultra-feminine and unique to this trend." So when you're not struggling through winter in practical footwear that just happens to be Proenza Schouler, this is the trend to indulge in. 
 2020 marks the beginning of a new decade and thus, existential dread about where time goes and what it even is? Next year's Met Gala plans to capitalize on that feeling—and explore it through couture fashion—with its theme: "About Time: Fashion and Duration."  The New York Times spoke to Andrew Bolton, curator in charge of the Costume Institute of the Met, about what to expect from the event's 150th anniversary—and who will be co-chairing the proceedings. Below, everything to know about the 2020 Met Gala.  It's time! Compared to 2019's "Camp: Notes on Fashion" and 2018's "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination," a meditation on the passage of time is more abstract. But, Bolton argues that the theme will lend itself to a Met Gala built for the ages. “Fashion is indelibly connected to time,” Bolton told the outlet. “It not only reflects and represents the spirit of the times, but it also changes and develops with the times.” The Times notes that the theme comes at a time of "tension between the desire for sustainability and a garment that lasts and the desire for planned obsolescence and a new garment that drives us back into a store" in the fashion industry. The show will be chaired by Louis Vuitton's Nicolas Ghesquière, Vuitton ambassador Emma Stone, and Lin-Manuel Miranda. The one and only Meryl Streep will also co-chair, making this her first-ever Met Gala appearance. (Streep walking alongside Vogue's Anna Wintour? Be still my Devil Wears Prada-loving heart.) The Met Gala is at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City on the first Monday in May each year. So save the date (and your Instagram scrolling) for May 4, 2020. Good luck to the celebrities and models trying to nail such a broad theme this year.  Per tradition, a show at the Met will follow the gala on May 7. This year, it "will feature 160 pieces of women’s fashion from the last 150 years, and beyond," per The New York Times. Tracing back to 1870, 70 percent of the exhibit will be sourced from what the museum currently has, while 30 percent will be gifted for the 150th anniversary. The theme is inspired by Virginia Woolf novels and French philosopher Henri Bergson's theories on time. As such, a clock will greet Met visitors upon arrival, while excerpts from Woolf's novels will adorn the walls as a "ghost narration," Bolton told The Times. In a statement, Met Director Max Hollein said, "This exhibition will consider the ephemeral nature of fashion, employing flashbacks and fast-forwards to reveal how it can be both linear and cyclical. As such, the show will present a nuanced continuum of fashion over the Museum's 150-year history."  The Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist Michael Cunningham of The Hours, which was inspired by Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway, will write a short story for the exhibition. Designed by Es Devlin, the mind behind Beyoncé’s “Formation” tour sets (!), the show will house designers including John Galliano, Helmut Lang, and Georgina Godley, to name a few. Per a press release, it will also contain time-bending crossovers such as a black silk faille princess-line dress from the late 1870s paired with an Alexander McQueen "Bumster" skirt from 1995.  The Costume Institute's exhibition will run until September 7, 2020.  
 If any brand knows its way around collaboration, its Adidas. But its latest team-up isn't with your favorite rapper (the brand has partnered with Kanye) or the hottest star athlete (David Beckham, James Harden). This time Adidas is dipping its three-striped insole into the luxury pool for a special collaboration with Prada.  "#Pradaforadidas @adidas @adidasoriginals. Coming soon," the Italian luxury label succinctly captioned a photo on Instagram, which showed two Adidas shoe boxes—one in the brand's signature blue hue and one in black—peeking out of an oversized white Prada shopping bag. Prada's caption directed followers to click a link in its bio, which didn't reveal any further information about the collab. Based on the photo, however, it's safe to assume the brands are whipping up two pairs of sneakers.  #Pradaforadidas @adidas @adidasoriginals. Coming soon.  Link in bio. A post shared by  Prada (@prada) on Nov 7, 2019 at 1:00am PST Talks of the #Pradaforadidas collaboration began back in October when Twitter user @pyleaks tweeted the two brands would be releasing two sneakers "soon." According to the tweet, the sneaker will be titled Adidas Prada Sailing, will arrive in three different colorways: white, silver, and red.  Oh yeah....we may as well leak this one too, but we cba making a pic for it. @adidasoriginals x @Prada will be dropping 2 shoes soon. The pairs will be known as Adidas Prada Sailing dropping in a CWHITE,MSILVE,RED colourway. Both pairs will retail at $350.#NoMoreSecrets 🏴 When it comes to designer collaborations, Adidas is no amateur. The sports brand has previously teamed up with Raf Simmons, who re-designed Adidas' iconic Stan Smith silhouette and the chunky Oweego shoe. Adidas's growing list of collaborators also include Pharrell Williams, Rick Owens, Alexander Wang, Stella McCartney and more.  Check back here for more updates about the #Pradaforadidas collaboration.  
 Did you even attend a wedding if you didn't Instagram how good you looked, specifically in a photo booth shoot complete with quirky props? We don't think so. But the situation can be challenging when searching for a grid-worthy option that can handle a winter forecast. The solution lies with dresses that play nice with tights, long sleeves in heavy fabrics, and jewel-toned velvets that look great against a snowy backdrop. Shop our edit of 24 wedding guest dresses that won't outshine the bride—and one bonus style that does—here.  You can't really beat a $40 dress, especially one with over 1,600 glowing reviews. Try this gilded look with all gold accessories.  The sultry neckline on this affordable dress is loved by over four hundred five-star reviews on Nordstrom.  Choose your own adventure with adjustable side ties.  For those who can't decide between a bodycon lace dress versus a silky slip: Wear both.  You're basically wearing a sweater to a wedding, but no one will be able to tell.  If you shamefully aim to outdo the bride, this statement gown should do the trick. (Please, don't.) Stay on-trend with a sheer corset.  Get wild on the dance floor in fiery leopard print.  Pair this with sparkly tights for extra coverage.  You might not need another LBD, but in case you did, this wrap style is only fifty bucks.   Your bod will look dipped in silver.  Attempt a full '80s moment with this one-shoulder mini.  Velvet doesn't get sexier than this asymmetric number.  A flirty number like this will be so much fun to dance in.  This dress is for the grown-up goths out there.  Make this investment worth it by rewearing this at a holiday party. Business meets pleasure with this sparkly blazer mini dress.  It's a split decision on whether this dress is great, or great.  This super flattering dress won't constrict you, even after a third serving of cake.  This option doubles as an office-appropriate dress.  Pleats, prints, and balloon sleeves ensure you won't be dressed like any other guest.  Consider these feather-trimmed sleeves for added warmth.   This dress receives the most compliments out of my entire closet.  For the perfect kirakira moment.
 Pantsuits included. Even if you work in a corporate office, what you wear to your 9-to-5 doesn’t have to be boring. Level up from a work-wardrobe rut by taking notes from someone who’s turned outfit inspo into a thriving career: style blogger Emily Luciano of Lovely Luciano. The New York City-based content creator is known for her minimalist-chic vibe; on her feed, she creates outfits with busy women (and 415,000 Instagram followers) in mind, providing tips on how to elevate neutral pieces and wardrobe basics. Here, four simple and stylish work outfits you can wear any day of the week—each with a few incredibly versatile key pieces from Bloomingdale’s, proving you don’t need a ton of stuff to build a boss-level wardrobe. 1. Every work wardrobe needs at least one great pair of pants. “I’ve always loved a wide-leg trouser, and these fit like a dream,” says Luciano. Here, she pairs them with a white statement jacket, and finishes off the look with classic gold jewelry and snakeskin shoes.  Shop: Lafayette 148 blazer, Theory pants, Schutz boots 2. No matter the day, there’s one wardrobe essential that helps Luciano feel more confident: an excellent suit. This head-to-toe plaid number pulls double duty—it’s sophisticated enough for the office, but also works for drinks or dinner. Cool, angular sunglasses and an on-trend crocodile shoulder bag keep the look from feeling stuffy. Shop: Lafayette 148 blazer and pants, Nico Giani handbag, Saint Laurent sunglasses, Sam Edelman heels 3. If you work in a creative field, allow your longest blazer to clock in overtime by doubling as a dress. “Everyone who knows me knows I absolutely love blazers,” says Luciano. Here, she completes the look with sleek, snakeskin booties—bare legs balance out the proportions of the oversized jacket. (Work in a more conservative environment? Leggings make the look more every-office appropriate.) Shop: Lafayette 148 blazer, Nico Giani handbag, Schutz boots 4. Monochrome suits are effortlessly chic and leave a lasting impression. If you don’t have a suit, pair a blazer or jacket with pants in the same shade. (“I love wearing whites for fall,” Luciano says.) For this look, she wore the same draped jacket from above with matching wide-leg pants, pointed-toe pumps, and tortoiseshell sunglasses. Shop: Lafayette 148 blazer and pants, Sam Edelman heels, Nico Giani handbag, Celine sunglasses
 She DMs the best memes before they hit mainstream, introduced you to White Claw, and was there on nights you'll never forget (although sometimes you wish you could). In short: Your girl is your best friend and she deserves the best gift. Whether she lives that plant mom life or is interested in plants more... relaxing, so to speak, we found gifts for every kind of BFF. Shop ahead gifts for best gals only. She does look radiant in red. And suddenly, bodega flowers are high art.  She loves you enough to always pencil you in. She can use this on your next Airbnb extravaganza. You two outgrew drinking Korbel in mugs years ago.   Made of 100 percent recycled fill, this is feel-good, look-fly fashion at its best.  BFF necklaces are NOT just for grade school kids, tyvm. Your the only person she trusts to buy her cool shoes.  Feel free to flip it and reverse it whenever she gets sassy.   She can tell her parents that this is just a sculpture.... with a hole in it.  The two of you can spend all winter perfecting the perfect butternut squash soup.  Put her 2020 goals on blast. (>>> than the Notes app, too.) Someone has to test out this Kombucha toner, and it's not going to be you.  These are the kind of earrings—delicate, neutral, cool—she'll wear every day.   Her, ahem, taste, in furniture is delicious.  She can use a little peace of mind.  This perfume will henceforth remind her of her first slow dance in middle school, which you totally bore witness to.  Astrology chic, for the Leo in her.  Are you a "gifts Louis Vuitton for Christmas" kind of friend?  She takes way too long getting ready on a Friday night. This ultra-absorbent towel should speed up at least part of her process. You both know she doesn't really garden, but these tools will make for a great 'gram. Magic 8 Balls exist, but this one speaks her language.  Lately, you've been scared for her life because she refuses to retire her busted hair dryer. This will change her tune.  She's always there to warn you about Mercury in Retrograde.  Burberry theoutnet.com  $694 SHOP NOW A wool wrap is a much more lavish than a scarf, especially when it's Burberry 
 If there's one thing that both Acne Studios and Mulberry share it's a huge cool factor. So fans were all eyes and ears when it was announced that the two brands would be joining forces for a special collaboration. After making the announcement on Instagram, both houses teased the upcoming "friendship collaboration" by posting a video of a new logo that shows Acne Studios lettering as the leaves in Mulberry's tree logo.  05.11.19: The countdown is on for a friendship collaboration from Mulberry & @acnestudios.  #MulberryEngland #AcneStudios A post shared by  Mulberry (@mulberryengland) on Nov 1, 2019 at 11:56pm PDT Launching today, November 5, the collection melds Mulberry's signature effortlessly elegant style with Acne Studios' minimalist, off-kilter construction and consists of 17 handbags and small leather goods. The hallmark of the collection is Acne Studios' origami knot Musubi bag combined with Mulberry's Bayswater bag that comes in different sizes and three colors: brown, black, and pink. Other styles include Mulberry's Scotchgrain satchel with multiple oversized metal hardware and straps.  
 The collaboration was birthed from a longstanding friendship between Acne Studios creative director Jonny Johansson and Mulberry's CEO Thierry Andretta.  "This is a collection about friendship and our freedom as brands to do what we want to do. It is like a conversation between Acne Studios and Mulberry, one that is founded in mutual respect and a desire to make great product,” Johansson said in a statement. Andretta added that the collaboration "is a perfect manifestation of the spirit of both our brands. It showcases Acne Studios’ wonderful Swedish design ethos and celebrates both the British heritage and modernity of Mulberry."  Priced between $110 to $1,675, the Acne Studios x Mulberry collection is available now at acnestudios.com and mulberry.com, and will hit shelves at select Acne Studios and Mulberry stores internationally starting today. 
 As far as we're concerned, no fall wardrobe is complete without a drawer full of cashmere. It doesn't matter if you favor a sweet cardigan, minimalist turtleneck, or a cropped pullover—great cashmere has the power to keep you warm, look stylish, and make you feel cozy.  Cashmere is notoriously expensive, but that's where Everlane comes in. Between its transparent pricing model and emphasis on sustainability, Everlane has quickly become one of our favorite brands for versatile, high-quality staples like work pants, T-shirts, and, of course, cashmere sweaters. For a limited time only, Everlane is offering everything in its cashmere collection for $100 a pop.  From mocknecks to cozy sweatshirts to a simple wrap, Everlane's cashmere section has something for everyone. (Yes, even the special guy in your life.) Of course, Everlane's cashmere collection doesn't just look good. Made out of cashmere that's sourced from Mongolia, Everlane's material is durable and gets softer with age. The brand's direct-to-consumer model means most pieces sell at a fair, affordable price, but it's rare to find great cashmere this low. Everlane's cashmere sale ends on Tuesday, November 5, at 3 p.m. EST. Sizes, colors, and styles are selling out quickly, so get a head start on your holiday shopping now. 
From: Marie Claire US

 For decades, women have been sold on the idea of dressing like their boyfriends. From Boyjeans to the shirtdress, traditional menswear restyled as womenswear has a storied history. Now, as culture moves towards a genderless fashion future, male celebrities are flipping the menswear-as-womenswear trend on its head and incorporating silhouettes traditionally reserved for women into their own wardrobes. What was once a radical statement (Mick Jagger in the '70s) and then a punchline (Seinfeld's puffy shirt episode, anyone?) is now a direct line to fresh and dynamic menswear. Tired: boyfriend jeans. Wired: your girlfriend's going out top. Below, some celebs working the trend. In a sequined Louis Vuitton hoodie. In a black lace top by Gucci. Wearing a Bode blouse and patchwork jacket. Wearing Michael Kors. In a dark gray satin button-down. In a silver sequined top. Wearing Balmain.  In Saint Laurent during Paris Fashion Week. Wearing Ashish along with a statement bag that reads, "FUCK U PAY ME!" In an Etro bomber jacket. Sporting a billowy white sheer top. In a sparkly shirt by Fendi. Wearing a colorful shirt by Gucci.  In a Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello midnight blue bomber jacket. In a printed top by Victoria Beckham.
 “It doesn’t matter how many times you see her. It’s always special,” says Diane von Furstenberg. She’s not talking about a supermodel or a socialite, but a very different kind of muse: the Statue of Liberty, which has been an object of fascination for the designer since she first glimpsed it upon her arrival in the United States from Europe on the SS Raffaello in 1969. She chaired the fundraising drive for the Statue of Liberty Museum, which opened in May. Now Von Furstenberg’s ardent support for the icon extends to a documentary, Liberty: Mother of Exiles, coming to HBO on October 17, which she appears in and co–executive produced. In a time when the statue’s message of inclusion feels more potent than ever—our acting immigration director’s recent revisionist take on the Emma Lazarus poem on her pedestal underscoring how essential it is—the film features people as varied as Statue of Liberty memorabilia collectors, including one woman who legally changed her surname to Liberty; descendants of Gustave Eiffel, who designed the statue’s interior; and construction workers involved with renovating Lady Liberty. (Almost all the onscreen figures are identified by tags listing their country of origin.) And when Von Furstenberg visits Statue of Liberty designer Frédéric-Auguste Bartholdi’s namesake museum in France, the influence of American fashion around the globe is clear: The museum director has bought a DVF wrapdress just for the occasion. Another American icon gets his due in a small-screen documentary, out this month. Susan Lacy’s Very Ralph, also on HBO, tackles the half-century-plus reign of Ralph Lauren. The designer and his family, friends, and fans (including Kanye West, Calvin Klein, Martha Stewart, and Hillary Clinton) tell the story of his rise from Bronx-born tie designer to lifestyle emperor and exporter of the American Dream. Whether drawing his inspiration from western attire or Old Hollywood, the designer helped make our nation’s fashion aspirational and cool around the world.  In an era of excess, he pushed for the casual, undone, no-makeup look that is now de rigueur. He emphasized diversity in his ads early on, was ahead of the athleisure curve (for proof, there’s fun footage of a 1995 Polo Sport show with models Rollerblading down the runway), and pioneered the concept of a lifestyle brand. With his Rhinelander mansion flagship, which opened in New York City in 1986, he presented retail as theater and shopping as entertainment in a way that feels canny even by 2019 standards: At one point in the documentary, New Yorker writer Judith Thurman calls the store “a stage set in which everything is for sale.”  Particularly resonant was the portion of the film that follows the Lo Lifes, a group of young men of color in New York who obsessively collected Lauren’s Polo wares, and for whom the clothes signified an entire world of aspiration. In the same way it did for the young Lauren, fashion became a way for them to dream. As fashion critic Robin Givhan puts it in the film, “He represents something that is more than just a bunch of clothes.”  This article originally appears in the November 2019 issue of ELLE, on newsstands October 22.
 For many tourists visiting New York City for the first time, Tiffany & Co.'s Fifth Avenue flagship store is an attraction as important as the Empire State Building or a Broadway show. They come for its clever window displays, dazzling fine jewelry, and, more often than not, they come hoping to walk away with a little blue box. That Tiffany & Co. remains a draw after almost two centuries in business (and in the current rocky retail climate ) is a testament to the house's artistry and innovation: In 1886, Charles Lewis Tiffany became the first jeweler to establish the diamond ring as the modern symbol of love. The Tiffany Blue Book, launched in 1845, was the first mail-order catalogue to be distributed in the United States. And in 1968, the brand introduced the never-before-seen tanzanite gemstone to market. All of these milestones and more are highlighted at Tiffany’s sprawling “Vision and Virtuosity” exhibition which opened in Shanghai last month. Staged at the Fosun Art Foundation, the brand’s largest exhibit ever presents over 350 treasured Tiffany objects. They range from a delicate berry brooch owned by Jackie Kennedy Onassis (a gift from JFK), to Audrey Hepburn’s original Breakfast at Tiffany’s script, her notes scribbled in the margins. According to Tiffany & Co. CEO, Alessandro Bogliolo, the company chose Shanghai "because it is such a vibrant city with a rich cultural heritage." But the location is also strategic: The luxury market is booming in China—especially among Chinese millennials.  And although “Vision and Virtuosity” marks 180 years in Tiffany's history, the brand has only just come of age in mainland China.  Its first store opened in Beijing in 2001. By the end of 2019, there will be 35 outposts in China, with the the aim that the Shanghai flagship be second only to New York in importance. (Such expansion has caught the attention of luxury fashion conglomerate LVMH which recently offered to buy the independent jeweler.) Organized into six thematic chapters, the show takes visitors on a journey through Tiffany's pioneering narrative. It begins with “Blue is the Color of Dreams”, a series of reproductions of the aforementioned flagship’s iconic window displays, many inspired by the work of its former artistic director Gene Moore.   On view in “The World of Tiffany” are historic artifacts like the jeweler's original 1837 cash ledger and the earliest iteration of the blue box.  At the end of the final chapter, "Diamonds: Miracles of Nature", lies the whopping, 128.54 carat Tiffany diamond worn only three times in history—once by Audrey Hepburn in promotional photos for Breakfast at Tiffany's and most recently by Lady Gaga at the Oscars. Perhaps the most Instagrammable (or Weibo-able, since this is China) chapter is “Tiffany Love," a room where visitors can take mirror selfies among enormous Perspex ring-shaped display cases, write love letters on the interactive walls, and try on actual Tiffany engagement rings just for fun. It is here that the jeweler will surely secure new legions, and, more to its likely intention, regions, of fans for whom Tiffany is the only choice for a successful proposal. Interestingly, there is no jewelry for sale at the venue, not even in the gift shop. Free from any pressure to buy, visitors are tasked only with deepening their understanding of the brand—its past, present, and future. How that will translate to sales upon the show's November 10th close remains to be seen. But the odds are good that in Shanghai, the wonders of Tiffany & Co. will be an attraction for years to come.
 ELLE.com takes on the party scene. Here's what everyone was doing out and about this week. Attending Nordstrom and ELLE Perfect Pairs Cocktail Party at Nordstrom NYC on November 7. Attending Nordstrom and ELLE Perfect Pairs Cocktail Party at Nordstrom NYC on November 7. Attending Nordstrom and ELLE Perfect Pairs Cocktail Party at Nordstrom NYC on November 7. Attending Through Her Lens: The Tribeca Chanel Women's Filmmaker Program luncheon at Locanda Verde in New York, November 4. Celebrating her new film,  Mickey and the Bear, with a Coach event that included a  private screening and cocktails at the San Vicente Bungalows in Los Angeles on November 5. Celebrating Camila Morrone's new film,  Mickey and the Bear, with a Coach event that included a  private screening and cocktails at the San Vicente Bungalows in Los Angeles on November 5. Celebrating Camila Morrone's new film,  Mickey and the Bear, with a Coach event that included a  private screening and cocktails at the San Vicente Bungalows in Los Angeles on November 5. Attending Through Her Lens: The Tribeca Chanel Women's Filmmaker Program luncheon at Locanda Verde in New York, November 4. Attending Through Her Lens: The Tribeca Chanel Women's Filmmaker Program luncheon at Locanda Verde in New York, November 4. Attending Through Her Lens: The Tribeca Chanel Women's Filmmaker Program luncheon at Locanda Verde in New York, November 4. Attending Through Her Lens: The Tribeca CHANEL Women's Filmmaker event at Greenwich Hotel Penthouse on November 6. Attending a cocktail event for the first Sandro flagship store in the U.S., at the SoHo boutique, November 5. Attending a cocktail event for the first Sandro flagship store in the U.S., at the SoHo boutique, November 5. Attending a cocktail event for the first Sandro flagship store in the U.S., at the SoHo boutique, November 5. Celebrating Formula 1 race car driver Hamilton's sixth world championship title at 1 OAK in NYC, November 3. Celebrating the launch of the 11 Honoré x Diane von Furstenberg collection at DVF Studio, November 5. Celebrating the launch of the 11 Honoré x Diane von Furstenberg collection at DVF Studio, November 5. Celebrating the launch of the 11 Honoré x Diane von Furstenberg collection at DVF Studio, November 5. Attending the launch of the Montblanc x The Webster limited-edition collection at The Webster in Soho, November 5.  Attending the launch of the Montblanc x The Webster limited-edition collection at The Webster in Soho, November 5.  Attending the launch of the Montblanc x The Webster limited-edition collection at The Webster in Soho, November 5.  Paltrow hosting the launch of goop MRKT Chicago with Sperry on November 7. Hosting the Furtuna Skin preview luncheon at NYC's Blenheim Restaurant, November 5. Attending the Furtuna Skin preview luncheon at NYC's Blenheim Restaurant, November 5. Attending SculptureCenter Gala at artist Carol Bove's studio on November 5. Attending SculptureCenter Gala at artist Carol Bove's studio on November 5. Attending SculptureCenter Gala at artist Carol Bove's studio on November 5. At the opening of the new Valentino Sanlitun flagship store in Bejing on November 6. At the opening of the new Valentino Sanlitun flagship store in Bejing on November 6. At the opening of the new Valentino Sanlitun flagship store in Bejing on November 6.
 Zac Posen is shutting down business.  On Friday, November 1, to the surprise of literally everyone, WWD reported that Zac Posen, the designer who founded his namesake label in 2001, is officially shutting down his business. According to WWD, Posen explained that "we were in a sale process and we ran out of time" and his decision to shut down his label was "surprising and immediate." Posen said his biggest struggle was trying to "find the right strategic partners at this tough time in retail and in the industry."  The immediate closure means that all production and operations will cease immediately, including the designer's official website which has already been shut down and directs customers to a domain page. Posen's latest collection, which debuted in a September campaign starring model Winnie Harlow, will no longer be shipped.  Following the news, Posen took to the brand's Instagram to say his final goodbyes. "I want to express my appreciation to our extraordinary team and for all those who have stood by me and the brand," Posen captioned a group photo of his Zac Posen staff.  I want to express my appreciation to our extraordinary team and for all those who have stood by me and the brand.  I owe a great deal of gratitude for their unwavering support for and dedication to the Company. I am grateful to the team who lent their incomparable talent and commitment along the way.  I remain incredibly proud of what we created and hopeful for the future. Love ZP A post shared by  Zac Posen (@zacposen) on Nov 1, 2019 at 2:09pm PDT  "I owe a great deal of gratitude for their unwavering support for and dedication to the Company," he continued. "I am grateful to the team who lent their incomparable talent and commitment along the way. I remain incredibly proud of what we created and hopeful for the future. Love ZP."
 See the model's chicest off-duty style.  Kendall Jenner's style may be versatile on the runways, but off the catwalk she has her own seriously defined taste. Click through for all her best looks. Keeping it casual in Los Angeles. Wearing a floral dress by Richard Quinn (with latex underneath!) while presenting at the Emmys with Kim Kardashian. Debuting lighter locks at the LOVE & YouTube party during London Fashion Week. Leaving the Balenciaga store in Soho. Seen in Manhattan following a New York Fashion Week event. At DKNY's 30th Anniversary party in New York City. Wearing an LBD while in NYC. Sitting front row at the Longchamp show during New York Fashion Week. Walking through Manhattan. Heading to dinner in Manhattan. Mixing prints and graphics while in NYC. Filming an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.  Attending the MOVINGLOVE dinner in London. Attending Wimbledon in London. Posing in front of the #PaintPositivity #BecauseWordsMatter mural in Williamsburg. Out and about in NYC. Grabbing a Coke outside of a New York City bodega. In a red denim two-piece for a walk in Chelsea. At the amfAR Cannes Gala 2019 after party in an animal print mini dress. Speaking onstage during the  amfAR Cannes Gala. Attending the amfAR Cannes Gala in a dress from the Giambattista Valli x H&M collection. Spotted outside her hotel in Paris. Out and about in New York City wearing a Cowboys v-neck sweater. Attending the Met Gala in bright orange, feathered Versace. Attending Revolve Festival during Coachella Festival. Attending the Tiffany & Co. flagship launch in Sydney, Australia.  Attending the Times Square Edition premiere. Attending the Vanity Fair Oscars party wearing Rami Kadi Couture. Heading to the Versace show at Milan Fashion Week. Heading to the Versace dinner during Milan Fashion Week.
 Winter is coming and we're ready to end the year with a bang. I mean bag. We want a new bag. But before you blindly jump into a new investment, we reached out to the top buyers in America for industry tips on the styles edging toward it-bag status. Get excited, because impractical micro bags are nowhere on their radar (we don't blame you for experimenting with them— they're so cute one who cares if they can only hold approximately one Goldfish cracker). Read on for their favorite trends of of the season, with a bonus nod to the hottest designer of the year, here.  Finally, a trend that speaks to our inner hoarder. "For the lifestyle of women who are always on the go, XXL bags are the perfect solution,"says Natalie Kingham, Fashion & Buying Director at MatchesFashion. "Brands such The Row, Bottega Veneta and Loewe producing some incredibly chic options that remove multiple tote bags from your daily life." The fashion director of Moda Operandi Lisa Aiken agrees. "Oversized bags, in general, have been brought to the forefront. From the carry-all clutch to larger totes," she says. She notes that even the smallest bags are getting a little heftier, pointing out the increased size of a traditionally small handbag. "While clutches have historically been reserved for [the] evening, they have evolved into a daytime essential, equipped to hold more than ever."    The tailoring trend of 2019 is moving beyond structured suits, our sources explain. "I love the structure of the top handle bag, which often comes with a cross body strap, because it can instantly give an outfit some polish whether [you're]running errands or going to work you will feel pulled together," says Erica Russo, Bloomingdale’s vice president and  fashion director. These ladylike bags compliment outfits with modern silhouettes, but they contrast nicely against flowing dresses too.  "We love [they] can complete a casual weekend look or a more dressed-up look for the office" suggests Elizabeth Kanfer, the fashion director of accessories at Nordstrom.   
 Practicality strikes again, this time with a handbag silhouette we haven't seen since the '90s. "The soft hobo has been gaining momentum for some time and we love the versatility," says Russo. It's no wonder that the slouchy shape is making a comeback: the spacious bag actually fits your necessities, comfortably sits on your shoulder, and works with almost any outfit. Kanfer doubles down on the resurgence of the premillennial aesthetic in general. She says, "we’re seeing a return of the 90’s with soft, minimalistic shoulder bags in supple leathers."  Have a million parties coming up this winter? There's a trend for that. "Winter brings the holiday season and a statement clutch will have you easily going from desk to dinner. The style is being seen more and more as a day to night option depending on the fabric and style," says Russo. Think soft pouches, feathery clutches, and embellishments galore. "Small pouches in delicate fabrics such as silk and satin are an elegant compliment to your evening look, with Bienan Davis, Erdem and The Row all celebrating this incredibly lady-like accessory," Kingham says. You don't need to have a gala on the books to participate in this trend, though, because we plan to wear these handheld baubles with jeans during on weekend errands. "Faux exotics such as python and croc look super chic," says Kanfer. I don't know the science behind it, but they're right: somehow embossed texture looks expensive. "The resurgence of crocodile effect leather and animal prints is also something incredibly popular this season," says Kingham. She notes that indie brands Wandler and Staud are leading the animal style pack, with luxurious offerings in lizard-effect and zebra print. Our new favorite clocks in under $50 at Bloomingdales, so buy it now before it sells out.  By Far  $‌655.00 byfar.com SHOP NOW   2019 is the year of Bottega Veneta, and  their effect on fashion is not slowing down anytime soon.  Under the deft hands of creative director Daniel Lee, the brand has revitalized the industry and reminded us what true luxury is: timelessness. Buyers and customers agree, too, since their bags disappear as soon as the hit the shelves—we listed the brand's Pouch bag as a future heirloom. "Bottega Veneta has firmly put the Pouch bag back on the map and it feels like the best evolution of the small bag which our customer can’t get enough of," says Ida Petersson of Browns Fashion. "This bag is hands downs the hottest of the season and has been the most photographed and carried bag over the last two fashion months." Beyond the Pouch, Aiken predicts the Italian house's next it-bag: "The padded cassette bag from Bottega Veneta is the next cult hit, taking the classic intrecciato pattern the house is known and rendering it oversized felt inherently modern. Lee is a master of making updated classics feel cool." Hear that? It's the sound of Cassette bags worldwide being added to cart. 
 In August, Barneys New York announced that the company filed for bankruptcy. Kith investor Sam Ben-Avraham launched a Save Barneys NY campaign and reportedly bid $260 million to keep the retailer open but later withdrew his bid. On Thursday, October 31, Barneys' ongoing bankruptcy saga ended after a judge approved a deal to sell Barneys to Authentic Brands Group and B. Riley Financial Inc. for $271.4 million, Business of Fashion reports.  With the new deal, ABG plans to close several Barneys New York stores, but the company isn't getting rid of the Barneys brand altogether; ABG is licensing Barneys' brand to Saks Fifth Avenue, where Saks will launch a slew of Barneys shops inside Saks locations. For the famous Madison Ave location, ABG will transform the space into a "pop-up retail experience," featuring boutiques as well as art installations and other forms of entertainment. Earlier in August, Barneys filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy as a result of high rent and lagging sales. Following the news of the sale, Barneys posted a photo that read "Barneys New York Forever" and the captioned "#2020."   #2020 A post shared by  Barneys New York (@barneysny) on Nov 1, 2019 at 11:24am PDT Early Friday morning, Barneys CEO Daniella Vitale stepped down from the company and released a company-wide email announcing her resignation.  "Today is my last day with this wonderful organization. As announced earlier on the call Authentic Brands Group will take control of the company today. Transition plans will be shared shortly," she wrote, according to Business of Fashion. "I am deeply sorry for all you have been through in the past year. Please understand that we tried very hard to keep this out of court and to find a solution before filing." 
 Slope style like you’ve never seen before. 
  The monochrome colors. The minimal trim. The shapeless styles. The benchmarks of typical winter wear have to be practical—but not boring! Cold weather apparel has gone through a tremendous transformation over the years, making it easier than ever to keep warm and look fresh off the runway.  Outerwear, especially, can be equal parts functional and fun, and the latest offerings from 3 Moncler Grenoble proves just that. This bold collection truly turns ski wear on its head, and its unlike anything you've ever seen before.  In this seasonal range, designer Sandro Mandrino looked to festivals and raves for inspiration, designing looks that come alive with fringe-friendly movement, bold prints, and far-from-hibernating hues. Paired with the right hat, gloves, scarf, and footwear, and you're sure to make a statement on the slopes...and the streets.    Channel a Cool Cowgirl  Orbeillaz Jacket, Jumpsuit, Printed Scarf, and Ski Goggles by 3 Moncler Grenoble 
 Don’t Blend In  Giusalet Jacket, Wool Sweater, Trousers, and Hat by 3 Moncler Grenoble   Go Bold or Go Home  Wool Sweater, Trousers with Fringe, Hat, and Snow Boots by 3 Moncler Grenoble  Neves Jacket, Hooded Jumper, Trousers, and Fringed Gloves by 3 Moncler Grenoble  
 Fact: the denim jacket makes every outfit look pulled together. As one of the most versatile pieces in your closet, it works from day to night and legitimately matches everything. Because it's such a closet staple, brands rework the classic in every way imaginable: light or dark washes, rhinestone embellishments, distressed, collarless, the list goes on. There are multiple ways to style it, but we listed some of best, here.  Experiment with an updated take on the distressed jacket with this belted style. Paired with flared trousers, a chain necklace, and wedged slides, it's suddenly elevated to daytime cool. Counter a printed midi skirt with leather trimmed denim jacket. Accessorized with knee-high boot, you're ready for Slack or sangria. Change up your classic denim jacket for...a jean blazer. Style it with slouchy trousers, a sleek knit top and flat sandals for a casual I'm headed to Positano vibe. Matching set, yes please! Style this sparkly denim look down with a low block heel. If your go-to aesthetic is monochromatic from head to toe, try a black denim jacket. This feminine shape cinches at the waist, giving you an hourglass shape if you button up. Contrast it with leather pants and animal print booties. The Canadian Tuxedo is always a good idea. Try this light wash denim look and pair with square-toe booties and a tee for a subtle nod to the naughty '90s.  Balance out a cropped denim jacket with high-waisted white denim. Style it with a striped tee, Converse sneakers and a belt for a boyish, Bueller-style look. You can share this oversized shearling denim coat with your significant other. But when you wear it, pair it with combat boots for a downtown vibe.  Dress down your office slacks with this splurge-worthy denim staple. Try an updated denim silhouette with a modern balloon sleeve, but add a pair of feminine heels to balance out the top-heavy silhouette. 
 As an AirPods convert—now enthusiast—I once held reservations about the divisive product. But slowly, something happened. Everyone from Kristen Stewart to Henry Golding were fans, and eventually I accepted that AirPods are not just cool, but sexy. I wrote about my scientific findings proving that AirPods maketh the hot man, but my security in its seductiveness began to waiver on October 28 when Apple announced that the newest model was dropping. Could they get any hotter? They look funny, no? And finally, why do I need them immediately? Twitter, as Twitter is wont to do, went nuts.   Despite my reservations, and as someone who regularly drinks the Apple-infused Kool-Aid, I knew I had room in my heart for the AirPods Pro. After all, everyone's got jokes until they try them. So I did.  If you think the AirPods Pro look weird now, just wait until they evolve. pic.twitter.com/rlnemU9Oqe AirPods Pro were released yesterday, but the new design of the AirPods Pro has already been memed to death. The Bellsprout shape is ripe for bullying, and the AirPod’s once sleek design is now undular. Don’t worry though—they look exactly the same as the old ones when they’re plugged into your ears.  One major difference from the old AirPods is that you no longer tap the bud, you squeeze the tip. This is great because the new update allows you to do more than the previous two-command offer; You can play, pause, skip, go backward, and talk to Siri, and more. I found that squeezing is a little slower than tapping when skipping songs on Spotify, but it's a minor inconvenience.  Important to note: AirPods Pro includes a slimmer case size, so you might have to replace your beloved bedazzled protector. Bummer.  The one-size-fits-all design of the original AirPods was troublesome, so the tech giant scanned thousands of ears worldwide to figure out a better system. Their solution? Each product comes with three varying silicone tip sizes. When I first tried on the Pros, one pod immediately fell out and I was spooked. It felt like a soft breeze could knock them out. That's why Apple created the Ear Tip Fit Test, which sonically tells you whether you should readjust, or swap sizes. However, the first time I took it told me I was fine—I was not fine—so I had to retake the test multiple times until I settled on the proper fit.   AirPods Pro are sweat-proof and water resistant, so I wore them out in an extreme setting: the gym. The new Pros lasted through a few sets of deadlifts and thirty burpee-box-jumps (I'm modest, can you tell?) until one eventually flew out. The same thing happened when I first exercised with the OG style, so I'm chalking this up to learning how to accurately place them in the future. AirPods Pro marks Apple’s first foray into noise-cancelling software, but it’s trippier than what you might think. Perhaps the greatest feature of the new model is what Apple calls "Transparency" mode: It means that with a click of a touchscreen button, you can basically undo the plugged-in. Your music will continue to play, but outside world can still be heard through what I assume is black magic. Apple suggests this feature for runners or cyclists who need to be aware of their surroundings. Being neither a runner or a cyclist, I just think it’s nifty that I can passively talk to strangers without turning off my music, or eavesdrop on the subway.  The fit problem will likely be an issue for many, but it's something I am continuing to work through. If you're a AirPods virgin, the Pros might be for you. Priced at $249, the Pros are only a slight a jump from the OG price tag of $159, so it could be worth it for all the jazzy new features. But if you're already sitting on a pair, you might want to hold off on the upgrade unless you're serious about sound quality.   AirPods are a known flex. Updating yourself from any-other-brand headphones to wearing them is like being upgraded to business class and not wanting to make eye contact with coach. You're acting beyond your station, but you sure do feel fancy.   *extremely Catherine Zeta-Jones as Olivia de Havilland voice* pic.twitter.com/ucgJIeZnM0 Lastly, the AirPods Pro will confront a potential shame: your ears are filthy, and those silicone tips will make you grossly aware of that fact. That's fine though, because of course Apple sells replacement individually for $4 a pop at stores nationwide. 
 We've all been there: Gone hunting in the men's section for the perfect slouchy tee or spotted a cozy cardigan and wished it came in women's sizes. These days, style has become less about shopping by section and more about shopping by pieces we actually want to wear. Also? Isn't shopping by gender kind of regressive? Gender is definitely a construct. Good style? Less so.Banana Republic sees you and is with you. Which is why the brand created the UNIversal Collection, a range of gender neutral classic styles. According to the brand, the UNIversal Collection is the next step in an ongoing effort to "celebrate diversity and equality." Basics like tees, crew-neck sweaters, and jackets are all available in universal sizes.  Psst—our new collection is here. A post shared by  Banana Republic (@bananarepublic) on Oct 30, 2019 at 2:26pm PDT With 60 different silhouettes ranging from XXS to XXL, there's definitely something for everyone, from beanies to turtlenecks to backpacks to gloves. The line—which ranges in price from $29.50 for boxy cotton tees to $398 for a plaid double-breasted coat—makes use of a neutral palette of black, taupe and gray, with flashes of jewel-tones. Sizes come in regular and tall, True Fit technology helps you determine suitable sizing. A gender neutral collection is a first for the brand, who describes it as "a curation of classic Banana Republic pieces for everyone to wear in the modern world."  Shop our favorite pieces from the UNIVersal Collection below.
 When embroiled in the utter despair of a breakup, your outer aesthetic is often the last thing on your mind. But after enough Netflix binges and late-night Seamless orders, the need to peel off your sweats and slip into something more socially acceptable can start to arise. You may assume the perfect post-breakup look doesn’t exist. But reader, you'd be wrong. Because either by divine design or accidental styling, Katie Holmes has stumbled upon it.   In August, news broke that Holmes had split with fellow actor Jamie Foxx after quietly dating for six years. Although the couple's relationship was ultra low-key, Holmes has emerged from the ashes of the breakup in more eye-catching looks than ever. Whether intentional or not, Holmes has tacitly been mounting a post-breakup fashion tour, stepping out in everything from a monochromatic navy suit by Gabriela Hearst to an amber-colored silk midi dress (the Thanksgiving dinner outfit of my dreams). It all started in early September. A few weeks after the split, Holmes was photographed casually hailing a cab in an oversize cashmere sweater, which had fallen from her shoulder, a matching bra peeking underneath. The $520 bra, from Khaite’s pre-fall 2019 collection, sold out in an hour following her outing.  Twitter was starting to take notice. I want that Katie Holmes cashmere bra pic to go straight to series katie holmes hailed a cab in a cashmere bra so i hailed a cab in a cashmere bra My fall mood board is just that picture of Katie Holmes casually but strategically flexing her $520 cashmere bra By the end of October (and after a cycle of killer looks), one user declared, "The year is 2019. Katie Holmes is a bonafide street style star." It was kind of like that moment in a movie where the heroine is thrown into a New York City montage set to a bubbly pop song showcasing a transformation: Katie Holmes is single, wearing Saint Laurent, and ready to mingle, folks. Having consistently avoided the spotlight, Holmes is a somewhat unlikely source of style inspo. Her post-breakup narrative is less obvious than a dramatic chop à la Ariana Grande, or a public Twitter thread like Miley Cyrus. Holmes doesn't even share many of her coveted looks with her 1.8 million Instagram followers. (Although she's coincidentally managed to post some chic shots recently.) A post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Oct 3, 2019 at 3:52pm PDT  A post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Sep 4, 2019 at 11:30am PDT  It could all be in the effortless execution behind Holmes's looks. She keeps her choices simple and, therefore, fairly mysterious. Her most enviable nighttime look as of late? A long-sleeved LBD from Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello, paired with a classic red lip and patterned tights, which she wore to two events on the same night.  #KatieHolmes said it’s tights 👏 season 👏 A post shared by  ELLE Magazine (@elleusa) on Oct 23, 2019 at 7:55am PDT According to Holmes herself, she hasn't given her recent style narrative much thought. When asked by Vogue about her Internet-breaking cashmere ensemble she said, "It was very comfortable and easy," revealing that she had casually purchased the items online herself. Per British Vogue, the actress is even working sans stylist.  Holmes is further proof that it's possible to redefine your look while reshaping your personal life. Or as one Twitter user put it, "lmao Katie Holmes broke up with Jamie Foxx and said 'it’s time to snap.'"  Below, some of her most snap-worthy ensembles.
 Everyone owns a pair of black jeans they wear to death—and wear with the exact same [insert key item here, mine is a white tee, please proceed]. Need a wardrobe refresher on ~cool ways to wear black denim? We listed twelve styling tips to help make your favorite jeans feel new again. Rethink every black denim silhouette imaginable with our outfit guide ahead.  Mango Flared Jeans $60 mango.com SHOP NOW The '70s are trending, so why not lean in? Simple black flares styled with a shearling jacket feels very Penny Lane. Culottes, a bright sweater, statement earrings, and dad sneaks are great for relaxed office days or running errands on the weekend.  Jeans for the office are great if you style it accordingly. Opt for a sleek pair in pure black, top it off with a blazer, then finish it off with heeled booties.  Cargo pants can be chic if you wear them right. Draping a sweater around your shoulders will give the utility staple an elevated, preppy vibe. Baggy jeans are the new alternative to mom jeans. It's about having a loose fit without looking too oversized, so balance it out with a fitted bodysuit.  Nothing completes an all-black outfit like gold jewelry. Try this for your next date night.  Black skinnies are a going out staple, but you can add shine with a sequined pair. Coordinate your look with a lace camisole and stilettos for an outfit that's fancier than an LBD.  Add a touch of femininity to a paper bag waist by wearing it with a fuzzy cardigan in a punchy color.  For a business casual look, a statement boot and button-up with skinny black jeans are a must.  Polish off a pair of destroyed denim with a clean striped tee and ankle boots.  Revisit your favorite high-waisted jeans with a silk, bell-sleeved top and block heel booties. Love a Canadian tuxedo? Try it in black, but break up the dark combo with a cream sweater.
 As a true Californian, I spent my first East Coast winter assuming my frail body could not handle seasons. Little did I know that the polyester coat I wore in San Franciscan fog was not made for Manhattan blizzards. That's the issue: You never know how bad your coat is until you wear a good one. I've since retired my thin topper for chic, yet practical styles, and now my outerwear collection takes up half my closet. But I'm making room for more, because Everlane just released the best, most basic, coat ever.  Like the brand's ReCashmere line, the Italian ReWool Coat is made from upcycled textiles. Don't worry though, because it looks nothing like some scary Frankenstein jacket sold on Etsy for two thousand dollars. Made of 62 percent recycled wool and 38 percent recycled nylon, the style is as classic as you can get. Priced at $298, Everlane's newest drop is everything you search for in an investment. The double-breasted front is timeless and will outlast any trend, but the slightly oversized silhouette keeps it refreshingly modern. The neckline doesn't cut super low—single-breasted coats make no sense during snowy nights—and you can easily tuck a scarf inside without being suffocated over overstuffed. I stand at 5'1'' and it hits me at mid-calf (for taller folks it'll probably sit at your knees like the pictured model).  
 The collection features 50 one of a kind pieces sourced from all over the world.  Rummaging through racks of clothes at your local thrift shop requires stamina, a good eye, and a whole lot of patience—a few skills this online shopping connoisseur could use some help with. Plus, I have really bad allergies so sifting through dusty boxes doesn't exactly sound like a fun time. But do I really need to leave my home to score vintage pieces? Reformation doesn't think so, and returned today with their solution: Vintage Collection, Reformation's third annual vintage collection chock-full of pieces inspired by the 90s.  Reformation worked with a slew of vintage vendors from all over the world to build its collection, which features silk slip dresses, blouses, and dresses, Victorian-inspired lace tops, leopard and snake prints, vintage Levi's denim, vintage graphic tees of your favorite pop stars, including Spice Girls, Tina Turner, and N'Sync. Once Reformation hand-selects the vintage pieces—all sourced from the 1920s to the 90s—they're sent to the team's in-house seamstress who repairs any wear and tear. Each piece is then "reworked and modernized to get an effortless Reformation look," the brand explained.  In tandem with the launch of the RefVintage collection, Reformation is also taking its new collection on a mini world tour so customers all over the world can view the collection IRL. The RefVintage trunk show will also feature location-specific pieces from popular vintage shops, including Moonstone Vintage LA and Treasures of NYC. The RefVintage tour will kick off on November 1 at Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles, then Soho, New York and Boston, MA on November 8 before wrapping things up in Toronto, Canada and London, U.K on November 15.  Shop the full RefVintage collection (well, what's left) now at reformation.com. 
 Goth isn’t dead; it’s found a new, mature life on the runway. It’s a truism that, in fashion, everything old is new again. But how, exactly, are we supposed to incorporate elements of bygone styles without accidentally lurching into a kind of clumsy costume? This was the concern of the wildly popular women’s magazine The Lady’s Book in 1830, which advised readers that when “attempting to engraft any part of the attire of olden times upon modern styles…much discretion and judgment are required.” The writer went on to caution, “We should not snatch, but select.” This voice—reasoned, sophisticated—warns against the excesses of unbridled enthusiasm, and it seems to have been heeded recently as designers have turned for inspiration to goth, a youth-associated subculture not exactly famous for its restraint. For the resort 2020 season, designers never snatched, but selected, from a range of gothic tropes in a way that felt less Lydia Deetz and more adulting-appropriate. At Louis Vuitton, there was Nicolas Ghesquière’s interpretation of the subculture’s mid-’80s heights—black pinstripes narrowly skimming a wasp waist, with power shoulders wilting to expose the mortal frame beneath—and at Gucci, an austere, ankle-covering black dress with luxurious ebony faux-fur trim. The latter look could easily have met with the approval of Sarah Josepha Hale, who became editor of the renamed Godey’s Lady’s Book in 1837—and who, after the death of her husband, wore only black dresses offset with a white collar, in part to display her lifelong grief, and in part because she knew it was a combination in which she looked stunning. Goth style has always time-traveled. An offshoot of punk, it morphed in the late 1970s and early ’80s from safety pins and neon mohair sweaters to a sampling of eighteenth- and nineteenth-century styles including lace, corsets, and Victorian mourning attire. (Entropic effects on black tights also made frequent appearances.) My own teen encounters with the look occurred during the ’90s reign of Hot Topic mall goths, an era Jeremy Scott gleefully—and a good deal less restrainedly—celebrates in his Moschino collection, an exuberant gathering of Halloween kitsch that will likely make traditional goths groan. Less partisan viewers, however, may find themselves delighted by the spider-webbed gowns and Frankenstein-stitched denim. The platform boots, meanwhile, have inspired me to buy my first pair of mondo creepers since 1999.   Perhaps we could say that, in 2019, goth likes to play with lightness in the dark. That’s certainly the case for up-and-coming designer Michelle Duncan, who juggles designing her goth-imbued line, Duncan, with her full-time job at Estée Lauder. Duncan says the best-selling item from her debut collection was the Exploding Heart dress, a pointed-collar piece with a blaze of “bleeding” red beads and sequins spreading across the wearer’s heart and right sleeve—for the Siouxsie and the Banshees fan hiding in the C-suite. Her definition of goth includes touches of whimsy. “If you don’t have a sense of humor,” she says, “if we all take ourselves so seriously, then what’s the point?” Goth’s perennial return sometimes prompts speculation on our current moment and why fashion is taking a turn toward the morbid. Given the style’s ubiquitous runway appearances, it might not tell us much about the present, but rather about the repetitive patterns of clothes and moods we have worn along the way. Here we are, dying again, stitching ourselves back together. Goth is quite literally not of the present; it’s what we dig up, again and again, from pasts both real and imagined. This article appears in the December 2019 issue of ELLE. 
 The challenge of choosing between two really cute bags is finally solved: Wear both. That's exactly what happened on the fall-winter '19 runways. Ulla Johnson and Fendi doubled, tripled, even quadrupled the number of handbags to carry at once, so we plan to give it a try. Beyond the two-for-one look, more unexpected styles were presented by our favorite designers. The next it-bag is a click away, so read on for the five biggest trends of the season, here.  It's cozy season, and that can be applied directly directly to your accessories with this season's fluffy handbags. Faux fur, shearling, and more snuggly textiles will keep you warm this fall. Clockwise from top left: Dries Van Noten, Fendi, Chanel, Chloe  Ultra-luxe croc will elevate any look this fall. The trend is accessible for everyone: It comes in faux and real variations and has a range of price points, from luxury brands to more affordable indie designers like UK-based Rixo.   Clockwise from top left: Longchamp, Chloe, Loewe, Rejina Pyo If you need extra space, this is the trend for you. Double it up, because now there's an accessory for your accessory. You'll have extra room for all of your essentials with this two-for-one deal.Clockwise from top left: Fendi, Ulla Johnson, Tod's, Off-White You'll never want to carry a basic black bag again. Snakeskin prints were strong on the fall runways, which can add a wild touch to the most basic outfit.  Clockwise from top left: Kate Spade, Michael Kors, Givenchy, Maryam Nassir Zadeh Add structure to your life with a geometric purse. These hard bodies, seen at Oscar de la Renta and Louis Vuitton, is a chic way to integrate an evening accessory into a daytime look.  Clockwise from top left: Oscar de la Renta, Marc Jacobs, Balmain, Louis Vuitton
 The official start to awards season came on Sunday, October 27 when Hollywood gathered to hand out honorary Oscars to the likes of Geena Davis and filmmaker David Lynch. Here, a roundup of the evening's best red carpet looks, from Dakota Johnson in bridalesque Brandon Maxwell to Jennifer Lopez in a golden Reem Acra gown.
 According to a recent poll, 31 percent of ELLE.com readers wear sneakers with damn near anything. But that number is set to rise: The sneaker industry is predicted to make $95.14 billion dollars by 2025, outranking every other division in fashion. And business is so good that  StockX, one of the top resale sites for rare kicks, was recently valued as Detroit's first billion-dollar unicorn.  As more women trade their pumps for plimsolls, luxury sneakers in particular are poised to overtake heels as the investment accessory of the 2020s. (They're already a major status symbol in Silicon Valley). The uptick in their popularity can perhaps be attributed to offices becoming increasingly more casual. Also, they just look cool. But what makes designer sneakers worth it? For one thing, you can wear them year-round. For another, they make a statement. Ahead, some of the top must-have styles pulled straight from the runway.  Nike's sneaker collaboration with Sacai first debuted during men's fashion week last spring and its double tongues, shoelaces, and swooshes made it an instant hit among hypebeasts. It's actually a mash up of two Nike silhouettes: the Waffle Daybreak and the LDV. A fresh round of color ways just dropped for fall, meaning you now have five different options to choose from—with an optional faux fur tongue to boot. If you're lucky enough to  land a pair of these highly-coveted sneakers, consider yourself blessed.   If there's one logo that consistently turns heads, it's the double C and the Parisian house's newest sneaker is already a street style favorite. Much like a 2.0 flap bag, this investment footwear will retain its value over time. The brand, led by artistic director Virginie Viard, released this style in multiple colors and fabrications for fall, including a few pairs in Chanel's signature tweed. We're particularly fond of this feminine, pink and purple combo—perfect for those who want a less sporty vibe.  Stuart Weitzman is famous for its perfect OTK boots, but the newly launched Daryl is the footwear legend's next big thing. The comfortable trainers come in a whopping thirteen styles, so chances are you'll want more than one pair. The side W-panel is a subtle nod to their logo, and the rich leather will wear beautifully over time. Plus, Stuart Weitzman collaborated with Aglit on scarf-print shoelaces so you can customize this new classic according to your look. Prada's Cloudbust Thunders are dad sneakers on rocket fuel. The rubber-soled shoes premiered on the fall 2019 runway (alongside the brand's equally buzzy combat boot), and piqued the interest of both fashion editors and sneakerheads alike. With its chunky silhouette, flashy colors, and the Prada logo emblazoned on the back, these shoes are a total status accessory. Even Quavo is a fan (a true fashion icon, tbh).  Rose gold isn't just for Etsy engagement rings. Valentino chose the metallic for its brand new Bounce sneaker. In a streetwear spin to the one of the house's logo, 'VLTN' drips from the body of the sneaker down to its rubber sole. Constructed from calfskin leather, this is a sneaker you'll never want to scuff. It also doubles as a great display piece—just put it on a pedestal between wearings.  R13 is a go-to for looks that nod to '90s grunge. Their Insta-loved platform "Docs" harken back to Angela Chase in My So-Called Life, and their latest fall drop —a platform Converse-style sneaker—is already selling out everywhere. The style is pre-distressed, so you don't have to worry about ruining them. They'll just look better over time. Chief creative officer Riccardo Tisci debuted his first sneaker for Burberry this season and waitlists are already forming to cop the new style. True to the brand's London heritage, the Arthur is inspired by rain boots with a rubber base that's ideal for inclement weather. Its upper is a mix of technical fabric and leather and calls to mind old school basketball shoes. Some styles rework Burberry's iconic plaid into the mix, but this metallic mash up is surprisingly versatile. Under the creative direction of Alessandro Michele, Gucci has taken an elevated approach to kitsch. Last year the house bedazzled a sneaker in gems. By contrast, the new Ultrapace sneaker is  fairly toned-down (as far as Gucci goes). With its combination of faux reptile, sporty mesh, neon yellow trim, and a trifecta of Gucci logos, this sneaker will make the most basic outfit interesting. And with its boat-like shape and wide tongue, it resuscitates the '90s skater shoe (which we haven't seen in a minute). Complete the look with Gucci kneepads, because why the hell not? Balenciaga's Triple S style basically kickstarted the dad sneaker trend in 2017. This year the Parisian house introduced the Track 2, and it's somehow even more dad-like than its predecessor. At first glance, the sneakers' technical construction and cutout panels would lead you to believe they're made for the treadmill or track—and you can run in them if you're so inclined. But these are so much more than Equinox-only shoes. Hailey Bieber (queen of Scumbro Fashion) is already fan.
 ELLE.com takes on the party scene. Here's what everyone was doing out and about this week. At the Skin Cancer Foundation's 23rd annual gala at The Plaza Hotel on October 17. At the Skin Cancer Foundation's 23rd annual gala at The Plaza Hotel on October 17. At the Skin Cancer Foundation's 23rd annual gala at The Plaza Hotel on October 17. At a gathering of top Scottish talent for The Quaich Project at Lincoln Center's Stanley H. Kaplan Penthouse on October 19. At the United Nations Headquarters of New York City for a conversation on the fight against hunger featuring the World Food Programme's Antonella D'Aprile, Lupita Nyong'o, Michael Kors, and moderator Cleo Wade on October 21. Celebrating PrettyLittleThing's latest brand ambassador, Kelly Gale, at the Sunset Towers in Hollywood on October 22. Celebrating being named PrettyLittleThing's latest brand ambassador at the Sunset Towers in Hollywood on October 22. Celebrating PrettyLittleThing's latest brand ambassador, Kelly Gale, at the Sunset Towers in Hollywood on October 22. Attending the launch event for the superdown x Draya Michele collaboration in Los Angeles on October 22. Attending the launch event for the superdown x Draya Michele collaboration in Los Angeles on October 22. Celebrating the re-opening of the Louis Vuitton New Bond Street Maison at Annabel's in London on October 23. Celebrating the re-opening of the Louis Vuitton New Bond Street Maison at Annabel's in London on October 23. Celebrating the re-opening of the Louis Vuitton New Bond Street Maison at Annabel's in London on October 23. Celebrating the re-opening of the Louis Vuitton New Bond Street Maison at Annabel's in London on October 23. Celebrating the re-opening of the Louis Vuitton New Bond Street Maison at Annabel's in London on October 23. Celebrating the re-opening of the Louis Vuitton New Bond Street Maison at Annabel's in London on October 23. Celebrating the re-opening of the Louis Vuitton New Bond Street Maison at Annabel's in London on October 23. Celebrating the re-opening of the Louis Vuitton New Bond Street Maison at Annabel's in London on October 23. Celebrating the re-opening of the Louis Vuitton New Bond Street Maison at Annabel's in London on October 23. Attending the Patrick McMullan x Lafayette 148 New York Madison Avenue opening on October 23. Attending the Patrick McMullan x Lafayette 148 New York Madison Avenue opening on October 23. At the Rebels With A Cause Gala, which raises money for research at the Lawrence J. Ellison Institute for Transformative Medicine of USC, held on October 24 at The Water Garden in Santa Monica.   At the Rebels With A Cause Gala, which raises money for research at the Lawrence J. Ellison Institute for Transformative Medicine of USC, held on October 24 at The Water Garden in Santa Monica.   Celebrating the Resort 2020 launch of her swimwear brand Tropic of C at Selfridges London on October 24. Celebrating Ganni's U.S. arrival with stores on Melrose Avenue and in New York's SoHo during an event at Los Feliz’s  Dresden Restaurant & Lounge on October 24. Celebrating Ganni's U.S. arrival with stores on Melrose Avenue and in New York's SoHo during an event at Los Feliz’s  Dresden Restaurant & Lounge on October 24. Celebrating Ganni's U.S. arrival with stores on Melrose Avenue and in New York's SoHo during an event at Los Feliz’s  Dresden Restaurant & Lounge on October 24. Celebrating Ganni's U.S. arrival with stores on Melrose Avenue and in New York's SoHo during an event at Los Feliz’s  Dresden Restaurant & Lounge on October 24. At a celebration in support of the Ms. Foundation For Women with jewelry designer Ileana Makri at Barneys New York Downtown, October 24. At a celebration in support of the Ms. Foundation For Women with jewelry designer Ileana Makri at Barneys New York Downtown, October 24.
 A year ago, my two best friends had their first babies and I was completely clueless about what to buy them outside of the typical diapers and wipes. Do I get my friends an educational children's book or stick to packs of onesies? Do kids still care about Leapfrogs? In my first year as an “auntie,” I quickly learned that babies are mini busybodies who just want to have fun (and shut down as soon as Paw Patrol appears on the TV) and parents just want anything that’ll make their lives just a little easier. So with Christmas on the horizon, I polled a few parents to find out what’s on their wishlist this season. Ahead, the 20 best gifts parents and kids will love.  There’s a reason this is at the top of every parents’ wishlist: This device has an adorable smiley on one side that helps babies engage and switches colors when its whacked against literally anything. The loud, bright, and contrasting colors are enough to keep your baby distracted and serves different purposes as your baby grows. It’s a great play mat for newborns and is roomy enough when you’ve got an active toddler on your hands. After chasing a little one around for hours on end, the last thing anyone wants to see is an untidy room. What’s best about this organizer is the varying compartment sizes, including small shelves for bibs and wipes, and bigger shelves for blankets and stacks of diapers. Start her jewelry collection off right with a simple, yet elegant gold bracelet. The bracelet fits snug so you don’t have to worry about it getting lost or breaking off during playtime. You only want what’s best for the baby in your life and this blanket is not only super soft and absorbent, but it’s made with 100% organic bamboo and cotton to protect the baby’s skin.  “We have enough bodysuits”—said no parent, ever.  She will be the envy of every mom in the changing room thanks to this designer diaper bag.  A great soother for colicky babies and a game-changer for moms who need to get chores done.  The rubber grips on the bottom prevent the mat from slipping and is light enough to pack for road trips to grandma and grandpa’s house.  The songs will eventually drive you crazy but hearing your little one recite them word-for-word will melt your heart.  Keep baby nice and dry in these cute bibs. Now baby can snooze in the shade at a picnic or beach with this handy pack and play. Because baby deserves more than processed foods with harmful chemicals.  Perfect for practicing color names, sorting, and counting.  A fun game for the whole family! Living room entertainer now, The Voice winner years from now.  Adults will also enjoy. And the award for flyest kid on the schoolyard goes to... Every kid needs a pair of comfortable, versatile sneakers that can take them from school to the park. A dress you'll actually want for yourself. 
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Who: Laura Harrier  When: October 21, 2019 Wearing: Brandon Maxwell Why: The smoke alarm is going off in my house just from looking at this picture of Laura Harrier at the InStyle Awards in Los Angeles, CA. Styled with neon sandals and mismatched jewelry, this modern grecian dress is making us green with envy, along with a whole host of other emotions, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Joe Jonas  When: October 21, 2019 Wearing: Sies Marjan Why: Cozy season. That's all, that's the caption.  Who: Naomie Harris  When: October 22, 2019 Wearing: Monse Why: Jumpsuits are cool, but the overall-slack mashup Naomie Harris wore in New York City is way cooler. We love all the little details of her outfit, like the asymmetric neckline and green satin heels.   Who: Cara Delevingne When: October 23, 2019 Wearing: Fendi, Aquazurra shoes Why: If you're haven't figured out your Halloween costume, let Cara Delevingne's look in London inspired you. She's basically a sexy alien, without the highly flammable material.  Who: Emilia Clarke  When: October 22, 2019  Wearing: Marco de Vincenzo Why: Here, proof that sweaters can be sexy. Take notes from Emilia Clarke at the Last Christmas premiere in Berlin, Germany—make it fitted and cinch the look with a belt.  Who: Lupita Nyong'o  When: October 21, 2019 Wearing: Michael Kors Collection Why: Rompers have a tendency to look a little childish, but Lupita Nyong'o challenged that notion in this grown-up blazer version. She elevated the silhouette with a statement belt and heels, worn to the Annual Golden Heart Awards in New York City.  Who: Gugu Mbatha-Raw When: October 17, 2019 Wearing: Gucci Why: Gugu Mbatha-Raw wasn't just a star at the Rome Film Festival—she was the whole night sky. Her constellation-studded gown was breathtaking, and we all know horoscope-based clothing can get a little cheesy. Her celestial feat wins her best dressed of the week.  Who: Rowan Blanchard  When: October 11, 2019 Wearing: Giuseppe di Morabito dress, Jimmy Choo heels, Tiffany & Co. jewels  Why: There's only one word to describe Rowany Blanchard's look at the Tiffany & Co. event in Hollywood California: drip. Fine, maybe two: Drip drip.  Who: Rihanna  When: October 13, 2019 Wearing: Alex Perry Why: If Rihanna's vampy outfit doesn't get you excited for the weekend, her recent Instagram post will. Go forth and strut.  Who: Nicole Kidman  When: October 14, 2019 Wearing: Ralph Lauren Collection Why: Nicole Kidman's moving speech at ELLE's Women in Hollywood event in Beverly Hills, California was so powerful, we barely noticed her very excellent outfit. Her tuxedo maxi dress was perfectly styled with diamonds from head to toe.  Who: Deepika Padukon  When: October 17, 2019 Wearing: Giambattista Valli Why: Feeling Deepika Padukon's cupcake gown at the Mumbai Film Festival? Get her look (at an affordable price tag) with H&M's buzzy collab with the Parisian house, which  drops on November 7.   Who: Lupita Nyong'o  When: October 15, 2019 Wearing: Dress and jacket by Toccin, Alexandre Birman shoes, and a Stalvey bag Why: You don't have to stick to Fall neutrals this season. Make like Lupita Nyong'o and stick to playful brights. Spotted in New York City, she wore a sunny yellow dress set styled with hot pink accessories.  Who: Elle Fanning  When: October 10, 2019  Wearing: Armani Privé Why: Elle Fanning is no stranger to an ethereal princess moment (see here, here and here for reference), and her turn at the London, England premiere of Maleficent: Mistress Of Evil is no different. If it's not broken, don't fix it! Her otherworldly mint gown, complete with a netted cape and wings, wins best dressed of the week.  Who: Priyanka Chopra i When: October 07, 2019  Wearing: Max Mara Why: We know, we know: Dogs are not accessories. But you can't deny that Priyanka Chopra's pup Diana looks cuter than a handbag ever could, especially against a bright turquoise.  Who: Cate Blanchett  When: October 05, 2019 Wearing: Jean Paul Gaultier  Why: Cate Blanchett is a powerhouse, so she dressed like an Amazonian superhero this week in a metal dress at an IWC Schaffhausen event in Zurich, Switzerland. We're a little bit scared, and a lot turned on.  Who: Zendaya  When: October 04, 2019 Wearing: Tommy x Zendaya Why: As always, Zendaya is ahead of the curve with on-trend polka dots. She wore her own spotted design at the Zurich Film Festival  in Zurich, Switzerland. Who: Cardi B  When: October 10, 2019 Wearing: Sally Lapointe Why: We're not split about Cardi B's look this week in New York City. It's unanimous: she looks great in her two-toned leather suit.  Who: Angelina Jolie When: October 07, 2019 Wearing: Givenchy Why: Angelina Jolie's press tour for Maleficent: Mistress Of Evil took flight this month, and she's nail red carpet dressing in a butterfly-esque top. She wore this look to a photocall in Rome, Italy. 
 Do you have a friend who freaks at the thought of going off the grid? Well, we rounded up the hottest gadgets of the season for tech enthusiasts, but there's a plugged-in gift for everyone on your list. In our roundup ahead, we included Apple's new iPhone with its game-changing camera, a muscle relaxer that's better than a massage, and a smart vibrator, because that's self-care. From the classic to the cutting edge, shop our roundup ahead. Give this to your friend who tries to drag you to karaoke every weekend.  The selfie queen will love the new features on the iPhone 11Pro. The triple-camera has a wider angle to capture up to four times of the scene and it even works in dark settings.  Your friend's cables are always trash. These cute lil animals will protect them.  Their salon addiction has gone too far.  For the audiophile, give them this top-notch record player loved by vinyl snobs and newbs alike.   You know you're adulting when you gift a vacuum. Trust us— they will be stoked to receive a Dyson.  Think of this as the upgraded version of the jade roller. Gentle vibrations will massage their face, giving them the cheekbones they deserve.  Give to this the person who always loses their wallet.  It's their 'me time.' Don't judge.  Restless sleepers will be stoked to add a humidifier to their home.   This lil necklace can hold their Airpods and it will instantly put a smile on their face.  This personal massager will be a dream come true for athletes, or those who constantly want massages.    Give this easy-to-use vape to your favorite toker (so long as they live in a state that legalized marijuana, of course).  For gym rats, give them performance headphones that will stay on mid-beast mode.  Instant print cameras are on the rise, and Kodak's latest model is our new favorite. You can edit your photos on the spot, and it prints out your photo in under a minute.  Binge-watching Succession is going to get a lot more intense when you give them this mini projector.   Watch your dog catch a treat at home, all from your office.  Way cuter than your average speaker.  This is one of the top-rated TVs of 2019, with Amazon's Fire TV already included.  I'm an AirPod convert, and they will be too.  For over-packers, this portable vacuum sealer will be a Godsend. If you think the camera is beautiful, wait until you see what the pictures look like.   Yes, you read that right, plus a complimentary app helps track your orgasms.  This mask uses red and blue LED light, supports collagen to fight fine lines and discoloration, and zaps acne-causing bacteria.  Virtual reality games are fun for all ages.   This might look like a regular mirror, but it's more like an Equinox in your living room. It helps you train live with members of the community, provides real-time instruction from trainers, and tracks your fitness goals.  Give this TENS device to the person who always complains about sore shoulders.  If they own expensive skincare products, they should store them in a beauty fridge. Duh.  For stick straight eyelashes, gift this gently heated curler.  Stay hydrated. 
 We love a sleeping bag masquerading as a puffer coat, but there's no need to give up on all style when the temperature drops. We tapped five buying experts from your favorite fashion companies to weigh in on the hottest winter trends. They detailed the newest in outerwear, strategic layering tips, items worth the investment, and more. Read on to see what women who are leading the vision at Nordstrom, MatchesFashion, Bloomingdale's, Browns, and Moda Opernadi have to say about what's hot when it's cold.  The majority of the buyers we sourced are investing in this trend, literally, because tailored pieces will last a lifetime. "More and more, I’m working toward an idea of a ‘forever wardrobe,' focusing on pieces that I absolutely love and know I will love for years to come," says Natalie Kingham, the fashion and buying director at MatchesFashion. "Investing in winter essentials such as a pair of well-tailored wool trousers, chunky cashmere knits and a classic white shirt will be the sorts of pieces that last from season to season." Ida Petersson, the buying director at Browns, agrees. "One of the biggest fashion trends for winter is tailoring. It’s a key investment not just for now, but it will carry you through to spring [and] summer."  Kickstart this trend with a classic blazer. "The blazer [is] part of our daily uniform, and one of the hardest-working items in my personal wardrobe," says Lisa Aiken, the fashion director of Moda Operandi. She suggests keeping the look modern with this simple trick: "A nice update for this season (and beyond) is cinching the waist with a belt. It’s the feminine approach [for those] who shy away from the traditional suit."  "High-necks and puff sleeve blouses offer a romantic touch for the holidays with opulent [styles in] silk and florals," says Marie Ivanoff-Smith, the fashion director of Nordstrom. Kingham highlights the fairytale details from the runways of Molly Goddard and Ann Demeulemeester. "We saw lots of designers showing a couture level detail on styles that seemed to draw references from fairytales with lots of detailed embroidery and voluminous tulle dresses," Kingham says. She suggests styling feminine dresses with "a heavy combat boot to give a dark twist to a pretty look." (I called it dressing up as a baby at their baptism, but same.)    Give your simple black coat a rest with this season's best in show: statement coats. All five buyers claim that loud outerwear is in, as seen at Marc Jacobs and Paco Rabanne. With animal prints, Kingham says she'll be styling them back with "a more muted look of black trousers and romantic pussy bow blouses." Alternatively, go the distance with an extra long overcoat. "What I love is a chic almost floor length coat in bright colours and I have my eye on either Rave Review’s upcycled trench or Kenneth Ize’s amazing woven version with fringes," says Petersson. For added warmth, get down with more insulation. Ivanoff-Smith says "a puffer in color, printed or faux leather is the perfect way to stay warm while making a statement. The key is to wear it layered over a feminine piece such as a dress or a skirt." You can also take a spin on the updated trench, according to Aiken. "I don’t think I have ever met a trench I didn’t like. Personal bias aside, designers gave us a reason to fall in love with new iterations this season, evolving by way of leather or sheer options."  But if you're looking for a quieter statement, trust Erica Russo, Bloomingdale’s vice president and fashion director. "I love an oversized sherpa silhouette like the ones from Max Mara in light camel, ivory or grey. It’s the ultimate investment piece that will elevate any look from yoga pants, to denim or dresses"  Mango  $169.99 SHOP NOW You don't have to tell us twice to wear a cozy sweater during winter, but Russo and Aiken encourage you to try a style that ventures into whimsy. "At Bloomingdale's we are loving chunky novelty knits," says Russo. This season, experiment with bright colors, fringe, and modern silhouettes like v-shaped shoulders. Use this as a layering opportunity for thin knits ideal for layering. "In the past, we relied on a simple black or white turtleneck but designers are now giving the staple a decorative update," says Aiken. "Printed mesh and fine intarsia knits add a graphic touch to a simple look; Style [them] under a slip or a wool trouser." "Tonal dressing is the styling trick adopted [from] the streets to play with warm, tonal shades [from] head-to-toe," Aiken says. "It’s an incredibly thoughtful approach to dressing- looking at how your sweater matches your skirt, how this matches your boot. The effect is something that looks incredibly chic and elegant." Ivanoff-Smith echoed the same sentiment. "We’re seeing the resurgence of the brown palette in rich, monochromatic looks and through prints like heritage checks."  Still holding on to summer style? Consider the ease of a dress, but with thoughtful updates to accommodate the changing temps. "A midi length with long sleeves is perfect for transitional weather," says Ivanoff-Smith. Look for heavy fabrics like brocade or velvet, jeweled tones, and longer sleeves to wear with tights and boots. 
 www.elle.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

          Squad Goals models: Aleyna FitzGerald, Serguelen Mariano, Jasmyn Palombo, and Ting, all at DNA Models.  His and Hers models:  Julia Van Os, Hannah Ferguson, Jordan and Zac Stenmark, Jules Horn, Valentine Rontez, all at IMG. Hair by Ben Skervin for Oribe; makeup by Marla Belt at Streeters; produced by Bennett & Clive. Special thanks to Ducati.   This article appears in the December 2019 issue of ELLE. 
 Bring on the skirts and dresses.   When it comes to cold-weather staples, tights are as essential as sweaters. The difference? An entire section of your closet is dedicated to tops warm enough to brave chilly weather in, but there's probably only a pair or two of tights in your drawers.  Fall is a perfect time, though, to add quality tights to your collection (and possibly alternate your classic black opaque tights with some patterns). See how ELLE’s Market Editor Justine Carreon styles four different pairs of Calzedonia tights. Whether you're here to make a statement (hello, polka dots) or you appreciate a more classic look, these tights elevate each outfit they're paired with.                          Look 1: White sweater dress with slit     Slits and high hems don't have to be tucked into a dark corner of your wardrobe in the winter. A chunky turtleneck sweater dress looks just as chic when paired with classic black cashmere tights.  Plus, this soft pair from Calzedonia is particularly slimming—it's made with a control top that enhances your figure.   Calzedonia total shaper tights, $20; Tibi sweater, $950; By Far boots, $530 Look 2: Printed dress    With busy prints, opt for a pair of black opaque tights to balance things out. You'll stay comfortable and warm—these tights have an internal thermal effect and a soft, microfiber finish.  Add your favorite chunky boots to the mix, and you have a go-to fall outfit.  Calzedonia microfiber opaque tights, $9; Beaufile mini dress, $740; Cult Gaia boots, $458; Alexis Bittar earrings, $101.50 
  Look 3: Pink skirt and white top    Fall isn't reserved strictly for dark tones and neutrals—even a pink skirt is seasonally-appropriate with sheer black tights. While you're at it, don't be afraid to pair sheer stockings with open-toe sandals. The trick? Find a pair without a seam, and even better—an invisible toe, like these Calzedonia tights.  Calzedonia sheer tights, $20; Rouje blouse, $135 and skirt, $160;  3.1 Phillip Lim sandals, $450 Look 4: Plaid coat and blouse    If you're wearing mini polka-dot tights, allow them to make their statement. Pair with a belted open coat so your legs peek through, and go with a simple shoe to balance the patterned stockings.   Calzedonia polka dot tights, $15; Theory trench coat, $995; Beaufile blouse, $572;  Manola Blahnik shoes, $985; Apples & Figs earrings, $247
 When you think of shopping in NYC, you think of elbowing a crowd of tourists in SoHo, or living your best Breakfast At Tiffany's life on Fifth Avenue. Nordstrom is on a mission to bring more shoppers to midtown. This week, the Seattle-based retail giant opened a 320,000 square-foot women's flagship located just steps from Columbus Circle, Central Park, and most conveniently, its men's store which opened last April. The new space dwarfs its male counterpart with its seven expansive floors where customers can peruse a mix of their favorite brands, among them Dries Van Noten, Comme des Garçons, Givenchy, Saint Laurent, Vince, Ted Baker London, Madewell, Reformation and Topshop. Three different shoe departments feature styles from Gucci, Prada, Christian Louboutin, UGG, Steve Madden, and the retailer's permanent in-house Nordstrom and Nike collaboration. Try them on with champagne in hand courtesy of the Shoe Bar, a handcrafted-cocktail bar on the lower level.  [/image]  Beauty needs are met with more than just products: Customers can get their brows done at Anastasia Beverly Hills, blowouts at DryBar, or sculpted cheeks at FaceGym. Augmented reality is utilized for the Lipstick Finder which allows shoppers to try on hundreds of shades virtually before committing to a color. And the Nordstrom Beauty Haven offers a wide range of beauty treatments from manicures to waxing. Plus, there's food! The store's seven  bars and restaurants make spending an entire day there more than a little tempting.  (Pro-tip for carbo-loading NYC marathon runners: Try all the pastas at Wolf, the first East Coast restaurant from James Beard Award nominee Chef Ethan Stowell located on the second level.) Not going to be in New York any time soon? Nordstrom's new Perfect Pairs collection—exclusive to the store—is now available on nordstrom.com. It features fashion stars coupled with top brands: Winnie Harlow and Steve Madden, Cleo Wade and Cole Haan, celebrity stylist Leslie Fremar and Birkenstock. Other personalities in the campaign include stylist Shiona Turini, tennis pro Maria Sharapova, and designers Mara Hoffman and Kim Shui. Shop some of our favorite Perfect Pair Styles below.  
 People are shopping secondhand now more than ever. The recommerce industry has seen some major growth: ThredUp's 2019 Resale Report gave the resale clothing market a current valuation of $24 billion, and that is projected to more than double in the next five years. In the handbag industry in particular, an Hermes is considered a better investment than gold. But scouring resale sites is daunting, especially when you want to drop major cash on a secondhand bag. Firstly, is it real? (We covered the basics on how to shop safe, here.) Secondly, is it worth it? (Lemme work it.) Doing your research and cross-referencing multiple sites can help you hone in on how much the accessory should cost, but there was no standardization in luxury bag pricing. Until now.  Not all Chanel bags are made equal, but the newest fashion app by resale site Rebag is trying to figure that out. Today marks the launch of Clair, a proprietary software tool that evaluates the cost of almost any designer handbag, including more than fifty luxury brands and 10,000 styles, in seconds. It's like getting a consultation from a consignment shop, except you don't have to endure the pure shame of getting your stuff devalued in front of your eyes. (See: this painfully accurate Broad City scene).   From left to right, which bag defines you the best: 1, 2, 3, or 4? ❤️ A post shared by  Rebag (@rebagofficial) on Sep 12, 2019 at 12:47pm PDT “With more and more consumers contemplating the resale value of their luxury purchases, we’ve created a taxonomy that provides a transparent way for consumers to shop more wisely,” says Charles Gorra, founder and CEO of Rebag said in a press release. “We’ve spent years gathering data and analyzing the luxury handbag market. Clair is our way of sharing that knowledge with the world.”  Whether you're looking to buy or sell a designer handbag, Clair helps navigate the murky waters of determining the true price people are willing to pay. You simply type in the bag you're interested in, and they'll help narrow it down. They created the Clair Code, a universal code system that determines the brand, model, and size of your pick. Then you enter a few details about the bag, like its condition and color, and finally, Clair automatically generates your handbag's resale value (and the price Rebag would pay to buy it from you).    When you peruse Rebag's site, you'll notice that Chanel flap bags are never the same sticker tag. That's because it takes in factors like date of production, usage, and the style's current popularity. Soon, Clair's technology will track the prices of a handbag in real time: The app will update to reflect the cost and demand of any given style. For example, if #OldCeline bags are trending, the price will increase due to new spike in interest, and vice versa if a handbag is no longer popular.  Haven't you always wondered why a Louis Vuitton Speedy is suspiciously low on one site, while another reseller priced it near retail value? Clair aims to, wait for it, clarify, exactly what your closet is worth. Think of the usage behind the Kelly Blue Book: It empowers potential buyers by educating them on a reasonable price for a 1995 Honda Civic. In turn, you use that information to get the most bang for your buck.   That doesn't mean you should always shop with resale in mind. Gorra described it to me as the difference between in an emotional purchase, versus a financial one: Chances are that pricey Birkin will retain about eighty percent of its original price tag, but you can love the Prada bag more, even if it loses its value as soon as you drive it off the lot.  
  Brittany Xavier shows us how to style four classic boot styles.  There are some boots that will never go out of style. This reason in itself justifies the investment—if it’s something you can wear for years, it’s absolutely worth the splurge. But how do you make something so timeless feel fresh? We asked style influencer Brittany Xavier to style four classic boot silhouettes in a way that feels fresh for fall.                             The black combat boot may be standard issue, but don’t feel relegated to the expected hue. “I love the muted color of these combat boots,” says Xavier, who styled her MCKENZEE boots with a cozy, off-white sweater and cropped pants. “They’re a bit taupe, and I don’t have any other boots that are this color currently in my closet.” The combat adds the perfect amount of edge to any outfit. Not only is it sturdy, but the utilitarian style is versatile too. “They can be styled up or down and throughout any season,” says the street-style star. “You’ll find me wearing them in the summer with shorts and in the winter time with jeans and a coat or a mini dress and sheer tights.”                             In a cream cardigan and white, wide-leg pants that crop just high enough, Xavier channels a “slight cowboy vibe” with her buckled boots. The doubled metal hardware and leather add unexpected dimension and character to her neutral, clean outfit. At the same time, the shoe would fare just as well paired with an animal print or statement piece, she insists.  “These boots are a classic to me because they can be worn with a casual outfit to run a few errands, or to elevate the look and make it a bit more business casual,” says Xavier. “And I don't have to worry about my feet hurting because of the small heel, which is so important!”                             There’s one very important thing to always remember when justifying the purchase of the classic black leather boot: It will never feel outdated. “This boot is essential for the fall/winter season! It can seriously be paired with anything,” says the style blogger. “With the basic tee, light wash jeans, and blazer, I felt that the booties gave this look a classy-yet-edgy vibe—best of both worlds.” And the outfit options are endless, says Xavier.  “These booties would look super chic with a belted pair of oversized jeans and a cropped sweater giving major off-duty vibes, or worn with a suit,” she suggests.                           Clever cold-weather fashion calls for lots of layering and mixing textures. Cold-weather boots are essential, too, and this season’s take offers a combination of warmth with its shearling lining and comfort with its supportive rubber sneaker sole. Pairing the suede lace-up snow boots with an oversize leather jacket, Xavier has this style skill down pat.  “Suede has always been a staple of mine when it comes to shoes,” she says. “Although it’s pretty rare, whenever it gets really cold in LA, it helps to have shoes that have a soft, fuzzy fabric inside to help me stay warm. We visit Mammoth, California, several times during the winter to ski, and these would be perfect for my weekends there as well!” 
 The singer has tried so many looks. Britney Spears has come a long way from her school girl "…Baby One More Time" days—both in her career and her fashion. A look back at her best outfits. Attending the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood... premiere in a red dress by Nookie. Announcing her Las Vegas residency, Britney: Domination. Sporting sparkles at the 29th Annual GLAAD Media Awards in Beverly Hills. At the 4th Hollywood Beauty Awards at Avalon in Los Angeles. Attending Clive Davis' pre-Grammys party. Wearing Julien Macdonald to the MTV Video Music Awards. Wearing a blue jeweled dress at the Billboard Music Awards. Attending the Billboard Music Awards in black lace. Arriving at a Christmas tree lighting ceremony at The LINQ Promenade in Las Vegas. Appearing at the MTV Video Music Awards in an embellished gold mini dress by Labourjoisie. Sporting multicolored hair and a Mikael D dress at the Teen Choice Awards.  On the red carpet of the ESPYS wearing a Davidson Zanine dress.  In Las Vegas for the Billboard Music Awards in a Yousef Al-Jasmi floor-length dress.  At the launch of her intimates collection in a Cushnie et Ochs dress.  Wearing a Michael Costello Couture dress and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry to the Elton John Aids Foundation Academy Awards Viewing Party. At the People's Choice Awards in Mikael D. Clad in an Olcay Gulsen tuxedo jumper over a lacy black bra at the iHeartRadio Music Festival.  At the L.A. premiere of the 'Smurfs 2' movie in a Herve Leger bodycon dress.  Wearing a Michael Cinco Couture dress to the Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Awards Viewing Party. Arriving to 'The X Factor' season finale with new bangs. At a viewing party for 'The X Factor' is L.A. wearing a leather dress with floral appliques.  Appearing on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno in an Herve Leger dress.  Attending the Grammy Awards in a Lever Couture grey dress.  Here, she wears a Halston gown at the City of Hope Gala in L.A. The singer arrives at The X Factor season two premiere at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in L.A., wearing Stella McCartney. She opts for soft waves at the 28th annual MTV Video Music Awards in L.A. Outfitted in a Hervé Léger mini dress, Spears poses during the 2011 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas. She hosts KIIS FM's 2011 Wango Tango in L.A., wearing a geometric-print dress. Spears attends the 52nd annual Grammy Awards with chocolate-colored locks and a lace bodysuit by Dolce & Gabbana. Her MTV Video Music Awards awards match her silver Atelier Versace dress.
 From structured dresses to crop top sets, Suits actress (and Prince Harry's wife) Meghan Markle always looks polished. Here, all her best outfits. From structured dresses to crop top sets, Meghan Markle always looks polished. Here, all the Duchess of Sussex's best outfits from her pre-royal days to her recent South Africa tour alongside Prince Harry.  Wearing a red leather Hugo Boss skirt (she also owns it in green) along with a matching v-neck and pair of burgundy suede heels for a Queens Commonwealth Trust and One Young World roundtable discussion on gender equality.  Attending the opening ceremony of the One Young World Summit, rewearing an Aritzia dress. Rewearing the green Parosh dress she wore during her engagement interview with Prince Harry to the WellChild Awards. She paired it with a tan Sentaler coat and scarf-handle bag by Montunas.  Wrapping up her South African tour by attending a reception at the High Commissioner’s Residence in nude pumps and a blush House of Nonie trench dress, which she first wore in July 2018 at a Nelson Mandela exhibit in London. Wearing a belted white dress and red tassel earrings to visit the Tembisha Township in Johannesburg, South Africa. Attending an ActionAid discussion on gender-based violence in a green Room 502 dress and black heels. Heading to the University of Johannesburg to speak at a roundtable discussion with the Association of Commonwealth Universities in a sleeveless nude trench dress by Banana Republic and matching heels. Sporting a black Everlane jumpsuit, Gas Bijoux gold earrings, and Manolo Blahnik pumps to meet with female entrepreneurs and tech investors at UK-South Africa tech hub, the Woodstock Exchange. Donning a blue and white patterned dress by Club Monaco as she introduces baby Archie to the Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Leah Tutu in Cape Town. Attending a reception at the residence of the British High Commissioner, wearing a striped Martin Grant dress she wore while pregnant with Archie in Sydney last fall. At South Africa's oldest mosque, Auwal Mosque, in Bo Kaap, wearing a white head scarf, olive green belted dress by STAUD, and Sam Edelman flats. Strolling to Monwabisi Beach in a Madewell jean jacket, white button-up, and black pants. Rewearing a periwinkle Veronica Beard dress for an appearance at the District Six Museum in Cape Town. Visiting the Nyanga township while wearing a black print wrap dress by Mayamiko. Leaving the launch of her Smart Works clothing line in London. Attending The Lion King premiere (and meeting Beyoncé and Jay-Z ) in a black A-line Jason Wu dress. Wearing a white button-up and pleated patterned skirt by Hugo Boss for a Wimbledon date with sisters-in-law Kate and Pippa Middleton. Causing controversy by keeping it casual while attending Wimbledon in a fedora, denim, and a pinstripe blazer. Introducing the world to Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor in a white, sleeveless trench dress from designer Grace Wales Bonner and Manolo Blahnik suede nude pumps.  Attending the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey. Her chain-print dress, styled with green shoes and a bag, was designed by Victoria Beckham. Meanwhile, her cream coat and pillbox hat drew comparisons to Jackie O. At Canada House in a green wool coat dress from Erdem and a go-to pair of Aquazzura heels. At the International Women's Day panel at King's College London wearing a retro Reiss mini dress, black Alexander McQueen blazer, and Stella McCartney clutch. At the 50th Anniversary of Prince Charles's Investiture, Meghan wore a white coat and brocade dress, both by Amanda Wakeley, along with suede Paul Andrew heels. Arriving for an audience with Mohammed VI of Morocco, the King of Morocco in custom Carolina Herrera. To visit the Andalusian Gardens, Meghan chose a pleated Loyd/Ford dress and Babaton blazer. Heading to an engagement at the Moroccan Royal Federation of Equestrian Sports in a J. Crew jacket, Equipment striped sweater, Rag & Bone black jeans, and heeled booties. In an ivory Dior gown and Maison Birks statement earrings while attending a reception hosted by the British Ambassador to Morocco. Beginning her  Moroccan trip in a red Valentino cape dress paired with nude-colored accessories. Leaving her NYC hotel in a beige coat, black zip-up, Rectify baseball cap (pal Abigail Spencer was on the show), leggings, and a Cuyana bag. She also wore a "Mommy" necklace by Jennifer Meyer. Strolling through the Upper East Side in Manhattan in an all-black ensemble alongside friend Abigail Spencer.
 The perfect day in the perfect shoes. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Here at ELLE, we believe in lofty dreams and the power of a perfect shoe to make you feel unstoppable. So we teamed up with legendary French designer Christian Louboutin to dream up a perfect day, where you look and feel fantastic and everything goes your way. Check out the clip and join the fun. (Spoiler alert: Mr. Louboutin moonlights as a fitness instructor, and it’s everything.)  You’ve made it. Today is the final round of interviews for your dream job, and you are the top contender. Ready for anything, you rock out in studded Louboutin Anjalina pumps, a hit of daytime sparkle, and bossy blowout. (You also just seem to be having the best hair day of your life.) Your look feels authentically you and your talking points are effortlessly flowing. It’s time to get your cardio on, so you go to meet the girls at the gym, only today it’s actually a photo shoot starring you and your besties. Your gym bag is filled with couture looks and incredible pumps. You power up for a solid selfie sesh, and then spot Christian Louboutin on the TV as your workout instructor. Best. Day. Ever.  The clock strikes 9pm—it’s date time. You slip into a sparkly stiletto and meet your mate at a chic new club. You feel invigorated and powerful as the bouncer lifts the velvet rope to let you inside. You spend the evening ordering endless champagne and desserts and laughing into the wee hours.  The conclusion? Whether fantasy or reality, one thing we know is always true: The right shoe will make you feel unstoppable. Now go out and live your dream. 
  For the millions of converts to clothing rental platforms like Rent the Runway, Le Tote and Gwynnie Bee, trying out the latest trends without destroying the planet is a big part of the allure. I recently leased a gold sequin skirt and a ruffled red dress for date night—the kind of wear-it-once styles documented on Instagram and then tossed out—without any of the guilt I feel when buying fast fashion, which is notorious for its water pollution, labor abuses and textile waste. Over the summer, Urban Outfitters, Macy’s, Banana Republic, American Eagle, and Bloomingdale’s announced their own rental subscription services, which industry analysts clocked as a bid to appeal to conscious consumers. And in a sign of just how lucrative renting clothes has become, Le Tote is set to acquire former retail giant Lord & Taylor. But as rental fashion becomes big business, it’s worth asking: Just how sustainable is constantly borrowing clothes? The short answer, according to the half-dozen sustainability experts I spoke to for this story, is that we don’t exactly know. Despite some rental platforms advertising themselves as inherently green, there has yet to be an in-depth environmental study of their operations. And yet experts have spotted a number of environmental pitfalls in the business model, from the proliferation of energy-consuming dry cleaning facilities to carbon-spewing deliveries and returns. Every sequin skirt borrowed must be returned, which means the shipping impact of leasing your wardrobe could be neck-and-neck with that of a fast fashion shopper. Transportation is now the top source of carbon dioxide emissions in the United States, and online shopping is partly to blame. A quarter of this footprint comes from trucks doing “last-mile deliveries,” taking packages ordered online from a warehouse to your front door. And second only to manufacturing our clothes, consumer transportation has the largest footprint of our fashion habit, according to some studies.  There are ways to whittle emissions out of delivery routes, including putting warehouses closer to renters and grouping returns together (or buying a fleet of electric trucks, a la Amazon). But for now “the returns and transportation activities just of moving all these clothes will definitely be higher than just regular delivery of fast fashion clothing,” says Josué Velázquez-Martínez, the executive director of MIT’s Supply Chain Management master’s program and Sustainable Logistics Initiative.  According to his rough estimates, an item ordered online and then returned can emit 20 kilograms (44 pounds) of carbon each way, and spirals up to 50 kilograms for rush shipping. By comparison, the carbon impact of a pair of jeans purchased outright (presumably from a brick and mortar store) and washed and worn at home is 33.4 kilograms, according to a 2015 study commissioned by Levi’s.  Most rental services ship in cardboard boxes, which have a shockingly low recycling rate. What’s more, borrowed clothes often come wrapped up like new, contributing to packaging waste. Most rental services ship in cardboard boxes, which have  a shockingly low recycling rate and require energy and water when they are. Then there’s the tissue paper that isn’t recyclable. Plus returns are sent back in a plastic bag. Rent the Runway is doing a better job than many competitors on the packaging front, shipping in custom reusable garment bags and hangers, though every item inside is wrapped in a plastic dry cleaning bag. The company recycles these for its customers, but, as Velázquez-Martínez points out, not all plastic is utilized in the recycling progress. For avid renters, free laundry is one of the perks. Rent the Runway often boasts that it’s the nation’s largest dry cleaner, and the company opened a second, 300,000-square-foot facility in Arlington, Texas last July. But the way we clean our clothes has a major environmental impact, even at home: Americans emit 40 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents each year in high-heat tumble dryers, about the same amount of carbon emitted by e-commerce giant Amazon.  While we don’t know the aggregate effect of the dry cleaning industry, we do know that dry cleaning requires more energy than our own laundry rooms, and that industrial dry cleaning facilities are packed with all sorts of energy-consuming equipment, from steamers and pressers to temperature-controlled storage. Rented outfits might be washed regardless of whether or not they’ve been worn, and services like Rent the Runway have the power to tip our fashion choices towards fussy, dry-clean-only items we would avoid if we were washing them ourselves. All of the major rental services deserve credit for avoiding perchloroethylene, a dry cleaning solvent that’s carcinogenic, classified as a toxic air pollutant by the EPA, and still used by 70% of the nation’s dry cleaners, according Steve Whittaker, a toxicologist with the Seattle-based Hazardous Waste Management Program. But Whittaker is also quick to note that the hydrocarbon alternatives (also called “petroleum-based” solvents) used by most rental platforms are not exactly green. They can produce hazardous waste and air pollution if not handled correctly, and they’re often paired with stain removers that are more toxic than the solvents themselves. “There is no such thing as non-hazardous dry cleaning,” he says. Rentable fashion contains the environmental risk that it will increase our appetite for clothes. There is no evidence that hydrocarbon solvents are harmful to renters or that they remain on our borrowed outfits at harmful amounts. Still, Whittaker says that the far more sustainable option is “wet cleaning,” essentially a souped-up version of home laundering that uses gentle soaps and water and is safe for most dry-clean-only clothes. Le Tote is the one rental company that confirmed it uses wet cleaning for 80 percent of its inventory, and mostly relies on biodegradable detergents. “Whenever we can avoid dry cleaning, we avoid it,” says Reshma Russell, the company’s director of quality assurance and process improvement. The wet cleaning process, the company claims, also uses less water and electricity than our own machines. As someone who has reported on the devastating impacts of fast fashion, I remain convinced that renting is a step in the right direction, and an urgently needed one. Most of the researchers I spoke to agree. Velázquez-Martínez says that he thinks that even the most avid renter is greener than a fast fashion shopper. (He is having his students study the impacts of leasing fashion this semester, which may tell us conclusively.)  The reason for my confidence? Fashion’s biggest environmental crime lies in overproduction. Of the 3.3 billion tons of CO2 equivalents generated by the apparel industry every year, the majority are emitted while making more clothes, clothes that mostly end up in landfills long before their useful lives are over. Reducing the impact of industry is the most challenging part of tackling climate change; sharing clothes through rental platforms presents a simple and obvious solution. Fashion’s biggest environmental crime lies in overproduction.  Maureen Sullivan, chief operating officer of Rent the Runway, says via email,“The shared economy is now being widely adopted—both among our community and across the industry—reinforcing the power of the model as an enduring behavior and an inherently more sustainable way to live.” Renting is not inherently sustainable, as I’ve pointed out. But rental platforms could be far greener than they are, investing in renewable energy for warehouses, reducing packaging waste, and switching to wet cleaning wherever possible. Shoppers, meanwhile, can do their part to not turn rental services into fast fashion with a toxic dry cleaning habit. Sharing fashion, unlike fast fashion, can be as green as consumers and rental companies want it to be.  But rentable fashion contains one more environmental risk: that it will increase our appetite for clothes. Fashion rental platforms that own the clothes in circulation differ from true sharing economy platforms like, say, Airbnb or closet-swapping app Tulerie, where users own the inventory. According to Steven Curtis, a researcher at Sweden’s Lund University, companies like Rent the Runway are better described as access-based consumption platforms. This isn’t just petty semantics: “Research suggests that access-based consumption can induce more consumption as consumers have access to a greater selection of goods at a reduced price,” says Curtis. It’s called “share-washing.” Uber, for example, advertised itself as a way to share rides and curb car ownership; instead, it has been proven to discourage walking, bicycling, and public transportation use.  It remains to be seen whether the rise of rental companies persuades the few remaining non-fast fashion shoppers to start dressing less sustainably, dabbling in every (increasingly short-lived) trend. All of the researchers I spoke to agreed on one thing: Wearing what’s already in your closet is the most sustainable way to get dressed.
 JW Anderson and Uniqlo have joined forces again for a fourth collaboration, and the results are extremely cozy. For fall 2019, the London-based designer took inspiration from British heritage patterns and workwear to create warm puffers, checked skirts, and lush knits in colors like burnt orange, burgundy, and mustard yellow. There's also a key addition this time around: the collection dips into Uniqlo's LifeWear line and includes leggings, sweats, and lined pants fit for activities in the British outdoors.  This fourth season is a testament to designer Jonathan Anderson, who launched JW Anderson in 2008 and quickly grew it to become one of London's most notable brands. According to Anderson, the collaboration is a true marriage of Uniqlo and his label. “Like all the seasons I’ve done with Uniqlo, it’s always interesting to see the collection evolve through the meetings with the teams and see it really become this amalgamation of LifeWear and JW Anderson,” he said in a release. “I liked this idea of pops of color to make the heritage British patterns and colors feel a bit more modern.”  Ahead, shop our top picks from the collection.   
 Fur out, ethical fashion in.  In recent months, a growing number luxury fashion houses like Gucci and Michael Kors have announced a commitment to more ethical fashion practices. On Friday, Maison Margiela shared that after designer John Galliano's meeting with PETA, the brand would go fur free, joining the ranks of brands like Calvin Klein, Stella McCartney, Vivienne Westwood, Tommy Hilfiger and more who have long eliminated fur from their collections.  This new wave of major brands championing sustainable fashion marks a great leap forward for fashion, so for consumers looking to shop more consciously and fur-free, we've compiled a list of designers who have joined in on the movement. Macy's Luxury brands aren't the only ones joining the fur-free movement. On Tuesday, October 22, Macys announced that it will stop selling fur at all Macy's and Bloomingdale's stores by February 2021. “Macy’s private brands are already fur free so expanding this practice across all Macy’s, Inc. is the natural next step,” said Jeff Gennette, chairman and chief executive officer of Macy’s, Inc., in a press release. “We are proud to partner with the Humane Society of the United States in our commitment to ending the sale of fur. We remain committed to providing great fashion and value to our customers, and we will continue to offer high-quality and fashionable faux fur alternatives.” Prada Prada has pledged to go 100 percent fur-free beginning with the brands spring/summer 2020 collection. After the Humane Society launched a campaign urging Prada to stop its use of fur, the organization collaborated with the luxury brand behind the scenes to help Prada adopt a more ethical approach.  “The Prada Group is committed to innovation and social responsibility, and our fur-free policy—reached following a positive dialogue with the Fur Free Alliance, in particular with LAV and the Humane Society of the United States—is an extension of that engagement,”  Miuccia Prada said in a statement. “Focusing on innovative materials will allow the company to explore new boundaries of creative design while meeting the demand for ethical products.” 3.1 Phillip Lim Beginning Fall 2019, 3.1 Phillip Lim will stop its use of "fur and exotic skins," including fox, mink, lynx, chinchilla, and more, in its ready-to-wear and accessories collections.  Coach Coach announced October 23, 2018 that the brand has adopted a 100 percent fur-free policy, tapping the Humane Society of the United States to educate its lead executives for a cruelty-free future. The Humane Society's CEO and president, Kitty Block took to her personal blog to express her joy over the initiative, writing, “The announcement today from a brand as iconic as Coach is the latest indication that fur is just not fashionable. The fur trade kills more than 100 million animals each year, with animals used for fur either trapped in the wild, where they remain in cruel leghold traps for days without food or water, or raised in cramped cages for their entire lives and then killed by electrocution or gassing. Consumers worldwide are saying no to all of that and fashion leaders are following.” DVF Diane Von Furstenberg is one of the latest fashion houses to go 100 percent fur-free. The brand announced in early October 2018 that it has partnered with PETA to cease production of fur, exotic skins, mohair, and angora in all of its upcoming collections. I am so excited that technology has provided us a way to feel as glamorous with faux fur,” DVF chairwoman Diane von Furstenberg said in a press release, adding that the decision to go fur-free is part of a larger-scale project to create a more sustainable fashion industry." Gucci Last October, Gucci committed to stop using fur material in their collections, starting with the spring/summer 2018 collection and beyond. "Being socially responsible is one of Gucci’s core values, and we will continue to strive to do better for the environment and animals," Gucci president and chief executive officer Marco Bizzarri said in a statement. "With the help of HSUS and LAV, Gucci is excited to take this next step and hopes it will help inspire innovation and raise awareness, changing the luxury fashion industry for the better.” Michael Kors Just in time for Christmas, Michael Kors revealed that the brand will ban all use of fur and pledged to be completely fur-free by the end of 2018. Jimmy Choo Michael Kors' fur-free pledge applied to Jimmy Choo as well, which was acquired by Michael Kors in a $1.2 billion deal in July 2017. Donatella Versace In March 2017, Donatella Versace told 1843 magazine that her namesake brand will stop using fur by 2019. Why? "Fur? I am out of that. I don’t want to kill animals to make fashion. It doesn’t feel right." Donna Karan/ DKNY Donna Karan committed to promoting a cruelty-free brand earlier in March and the policy will go into effect by 2019.  Maison Margiela Maison Margiela creative director John Galliano had a meeting with PETA, which resulted in Galliano's addition to the swelling number of high-end fashion labels opting against the use of fur in future collections. Calvin Klein Calvin Klein has been fur-free since 1994. Stella McCartney Since the brand's conception in 2001, Stella McCartney has made it her duty to create a leather-free, fur-free clothing brand.  Tommy Hilfiger 2007 was the year many brands made the switch to go fur-free. Hilfiger used fur mostly on the collars and cuffs of his pieces and after a conversation with PETA, announced that any further production of fur items would end immediately.  Giorgio Armani After teaming up with the Humane Society of the United States, Giorgio Armani and the seven other labels under the Armani Group would no longer produce clothing pieces with fur beginning with the Fall 2016 collection. "Technological progress made over the years allows us to have valid alternatives at our disposition that render the use of cruel practices unnecessary as regards animals," the brand said in a statement to WWD. "Pursuing the positive process undertaken long ago, my company is now taking a major step ahead, reflecting our attention to the critical issues of protecting and caring for the environment and animals." Yoox Net-a-Porter The Humane Society of the United States has buit relationships with a number of designer companies and encouraged many designers to ban fur from their lines. Yoox Net-a-Porter finally caved and announced in June 2017 that the company's clothing brands (Mr. Porter, The Outnet, Net-a-Porter) would be officially going fur-free.  Ralph Lauren In 2006, Ralph Lauren pledged to eliminate fur altogether, including all merchandise and home offerings. In addition to going fur-free, the brand announced it would donated 1,200 clothing pieces with fur to international relief initiatives. Vivienne Westwood Vivienne Westwood joined the club in 2007 after a chat with PETA. The Kooples PETA encouraged cult brand The Kooples to adopt a more cruelty-free approach so The Kooples dropped fur from their future collections, beginning with the fall 2017 range and created a clutch in honor of their new policy. Hugo Boss A year after having a talk with The Humane Society of the United States, Hugo Boss vowed to stop using fur by its fall 2016 collection. 
 Balenciaga presented a high-fashion puffer jacket on the runway in 2016, and almost instantly, the functional outwear was deemed cool. Since then we've seen new variations take flight: North Face's throwback Nupste jacket is on the rise and collaborations like Moncler x Richard Quinn get down with whimsical prints. But meme culture is coming for the puffer in 2019 with Aritzia's oversized topper, literally named The Mega Puff Meme. The ginormous puffer jacket calls back to Missy Elliot's iconic outfit from 'The Rain.' Like Missy, we can't stand the rain and we would like to feel Supa Dupa Fly. Or look like a cozy trash bag. Or resemble Veruca Salt if we buy the jacket in a punchy blueberry color. Whatever your vibe, there's a down jacket that fits your style with our picks ahead. You won't stop taking pictures of yourself wearing this coat.  Everlane's new jacket—made from 100 percent recycled down comforters and pillows—is good enough to sleep in.  This cozy style is offered in four neutral shades to match your entire winter wardrobe.  You will be the ultimate ski bunny in this flashy jacket.  A wearable sleeping bag.  Stand out in leopard print down jacket from Moncler's collab with buzzy London designer, Richard Quinn.  This silver coat is surprisingly versatile.  Like Missy's jacket, but holographic.  Go old school with this '90s-inspired puffer.  This reversible style is two jackets for the price of one. If black jackets aren't for you, try Farm Rio's zany prints.  The North Face reissued their famous Nuptse jacket, and we want one in every color.  Corduroy is a seasonal must, so why not incorporate it into your outerwear?  For hypebeasts, puffers don't get as clean as this.  Saks Potts is known for its Instagram-friendly, fur-trimmed coats, but don't sleep on their fun puffer jackets, too.  
 Take it from jewelry designer Luz Ortiz.    Like many of us, Luz Ortiz begins her work day by sifting through many emails. After that, though, a day on the job for Ortiz is infinitely cooler than most—she's the creative director and designer of a jewelry brand with her namesake.    All of Ortiz's timeless everyday pieces—which she describes as "a balance of bold yet understated"—are made in New York. This means when she's not working from her Garment District studio, she's often walking to factories in the Jewelry District to check on orders, pick up items, and drop off work.  So when it comes to her personal style, comfort is key. The designer gravitates toward classic items that she knows are reliable and make her feel confident. Take the Sorel Blake Lace Bootie, for example—the heeled boots instantly add flair to any outfit, but are still comfortable enough for Ortiz's day-to-day. Here, three tips on how to style comfortable and chic looks for work, all approved by the boss herself.                            A dress is always an easy outfit option—you throw it on and off you go. A flowy maxi dress  is especially comfortable, Ortiz says, and this particular one is "feminine and elegant with an edge" when paired with the Sorel booties. Add a Luz Ortiz necklace and you've got a full look.  A dress like this is versatile, too, Ortiz says: "If I have something major or super special going on, it would be ideal, but at the same time I'm going to feel comfortable because it's what I like." This look can take the designer from a work meeting to dinner with friends.  Sorel booties, $220; Dôen dress, $398; Luz Ortiz jewelry                                    When your career involves as much running around the city as Ortiz's does, you need shoes that will get you where you need to go—and better yet, elevate your look. Invest in a pair like the Sorel booties, which Ortiz describes as "functional, practical, and versatile." Worn with a leather jumpsuit, you have what Ortiz calls a "really boss" look. "It's just a strong, bold look, but at the same time chic because of the brown leather," she says. Sorel booties, $220; Veronica Beard jumpsuit, $1495; Luz Ortiz jewelry                                  Basically, blazers are a power move. "Blazers, to me, are a must," Ortiz says. "If you don't have one in your closet, then something is going on." They're practical and complement almost any outfit. Take inspo from Ortiz and try one with your favorite pair of jeans and Sorel booties to elevate the look.  "Whether it's just running around in the Jewelry District or to a business meeting, I always feel confident, powerful, and firm with a blazer on," she says. Sorel booties, $220; Blazé Milano blazer; Baum Und Pferdegarten top; Madewell jeans; Luz Ortiz jewelry
  The jeweler's first luxury holiday catalogue also includes a 3-Oven Cast Iron Range and a motorcycle. For this year's holidays, come and trim your Christmas tree with decorations bought at Tiffany & Co. Ahead of December, the luxury jewelry retailer announced its first-ever holiday catalogue, which features twelve one-of-a-kind items by Tiffany & Co., including a ritzy spin on your classic advent calendar and a custom-made motorcycle. “This holiday we wanted to really surprise our customers in a whole new way by showcasing the most awe-inspiring objects and experiences that you can only find at Tiffany,” said Reed Krakoff, the chief artistic officer of Tiffany & Co. “In addition to many exciting new designs and collections, this year we’ve curated twelve gifts that represent the best of the best and embody the artistry and craftsmanship at the heart of our brand.” Among the twelve gifts, expect to find a four-foot-tall advent calendar, rendered as an illustrative take of the jeweler's Fifth Avenue flagship store. For 24 days, the calendar houses surprises like a sterling silver paper cup and a Tiffany T True bracelet in 18k yellow gold. Prices for the advent calendar begin at $112,000. Tiffany also partnered with Indian Motorcycle Co. to create a custom-made Tiffany Blue motorcycle, complete with 16” laced wheels with chrome-plated rims and spokes dressed in vintage tread tires, stainless steel exhaust, and a custom sterling silver Indian Motorcycle x Tiffany & Co. plaque. Other gifts include a sterling silver greenhouse for your garden lovers, an AGA Total Control 3-Oven Cast Iron Range for culinary enthusiasts, and even an eleven-day safari trip in Kenya for nature conservators.  Prices start from $35,000.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 Orolay's down jacket is basically the Pumpkin Spice Latte of cold weather apparel: the item that defines a season. Better known as "The Amazon Coat," this ubiquitous style has been touted as the coat to wear come winter—and for good reason. Once the temperature begins to drop, it feels borderline impossible to find a jacket that keeps you warm without spending hundreds of dollars. Not the case with Orolay.  The company claims the jacket is made of 90 percent duck down material and 10 percent feathers, offering a cozy layer on chilly days. But unlike most down jackets, which can be reminiscent of the Michelin Man (someone had to say it), Orolay's jacket has a sleek silhouette that's versatile enough to be worn anytime, anywhere.  Plus, it's available in six classic colors, so you're bound to find one you love.   As for the price? Well, it's complicated. The Orolay down jacket was, when it went viral last year, on the market for $84. However, as the style became more and more popular, the asking price has crept up to $139.99. There is good news, though: Right now, several colors and sizes are on sale for $125.99. Sure, Orolay's down jacket may not have the same under-$100 appeal it did last year, but it's still considerably less expensive than other winter coats.   Bring on the ❄️❄️! Lots of ??? about the “AMAZON JACKET”👆🏻over the weekend  including size/fit etc ! A full review #OnTheBlog today answering all of your questions! Plus a re-stock of my fav @dudley_stephens Cobble Hill Turtleneck Fleece just went live! Hurry before sizes run out! @liketoknow.it #liketkit http://liketk.it/2zSua screenshot this pic for product details #LTKstyletip #momiform #howdoyoududley #dsgoods #amazonfashion #founditonamazon #amazonjacket 📷: @carterfish A post shared by  Kathleen Kelly Hurley (@letsbemomfriends) on Feb 12, 2019 at 9:54am PST  Always reppin’ 🤘🏻(The photographs  from this trip are starting to feel like an advertisement for the @theamazoncoat) A post shared by  Taylor Demski Cantwell (@taylordcantwell) on Mar 26, 2019 at 2:05pm PDT Go snag that baby now because, as they say, winter is coming.   
From: Marie Claire US

 Nicolas Ghesquière, artistic director of womenswear at Louis Vuitton, isn't here for Donald Trump's ties to the LVMH empire. Over the weekend, Ghesquière made clear his displeasure with Trump's appearance at the new Louis Vuitton factory, calling Trump "a joke" in a post on his personal Instagram account.  "Standing against any political action," Ghesquière captioned the cover artwork of Evelyn Thomas 80s hit "High Energy." "I am a fashion designer refusing this association #trumpisajoke #homophobia." Last week, LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault unveiled a new Texas factory for LVMH's eponymous brand alongside Donald Trump and his daughter Ivanka. If you recall, it's the event where Trump mispronounced the luxury brand's name, calling it "Loooie Vooton."  “Loooie Vooton” pic.twitter.com/PPRjofAR4P  "We are very honored to have the president of the United States," Arnault told WWD. "I’m not here to judge any types of policies, I’m here to work with my brand and we are going to, over five years, have 1,000 people working here and that’s what matters." Ghesquière's bold political statement against Trump is hardly a surprise. Earlier this month, a music video of Scottish and openly-transgender producer Sophie's "It's Okay to Cry" opened Louis Vuitton's spring/summer 2020 show. Ghesquière has also cast transgender models such as ELLE cover star Indya Moore and Teddy Quinlivan in Louis Vuitton campaigns. The Trump administration, for their part, has moved to erase legal protections for trans people and attempted to ban them from the military.  "Thank you for standing on the right side of history," Quinlivan wrote under Ghesquière's post. Indya Moore also chimed in, writing, "I was holding my breath. C'mon Nicolas!"
 ELLE.com takes on the party scene. Here's what everyone was doing out and about this week. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. At ELLE's Women in Hollywood event on October 14. Celebrating the launch of a new holiday pop-up at Perfumarie for Henry Rose, Pfeiffer's line of genderless fragrances, in New York on October 15. Celebrating the launch of a new holiday pop-up at Perfumarie for Henry Rose, Michelle Pfeiffer's line of genderless fragrances, in New York on October 15.
 She may not drive, but she's definitely riding in style. There are some things you should know about Shiona Turini: 1. She's the accomplished costume stylist behind HBO’s Insecure and new film Queen & Slim.  2. She styled both Solange Knowles and Beyonce’s “Formation” video.  3. She knows that the best design solutions start at a human level. Turini’s design decisions are tailored to an individual's specific needs. Every decision she makes is carefully considered and her ride is no exception. As a recent LA transplant, navigating the streets of Hollywood is done best in a vehicle that feels as if it was crafted just for her. Even though she might not be driving, being driven in something chic is just as important. In celebration of the Lexus x ELLE Women in Hollywood partnership, we asked Shiona to show us what a day in her life is like. Watch above.
 Anne Hathaway isn't shy when it comes to trying bold fashion. She wasn't in the beginning of her career, during her very first Golden Globes when she wore a striking Elie Saab high-leg slit dress, and she isn't now, as she wears bright, vibrant outfits during her second pregnancy. Here, a look back at Hathaway's entire fashion journey, from today to 2001 at her very first Princess Diaries premiere. Wearing monochromatic Oscar de la Renta for the opening of NYC's Museum of Modern Love pop-up. Attending the opening night of Broadway's Sea Wall/A Life in Brandon Maxwell. Wearing a one-shoulder Givenchy dress for a Beverly Hills Modern Love press conference. Getting her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame while wearing Valentino. At the Hollywood premiere of The Hustle wearing Elie Saab. Outside of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. Seen outside of Good Morning America in New York. At an NYC press conference for The Hustle. Spotted outside of BBC Radio in England. Attending the Watches of Switzerland Hudson Yards opening. Out and about in New York City. Greeting fans outside of Good Morning America. Wearing Elie Saab at the Golden Globes.  Filming Modern Love on the streets of NYC. In New York City for filming of Modern Love.  Filming Modern Love in New York City. Attending 22nd Annual Hollywood Film Awards in Beverly Hills. Attending the Givenchy show during Paris Fashion Week. At the 22nd annual Human Rights Campaign National Dinner in Washington, D.C. Attending the Ralph Lauren 50th Anniversary event during New York Fashion Week. Walking the Ocean's 8 premiere in New York City. Out and about for press in New York City. Leaving The Late Show with Stephen Colbert in New York City. Wearing Valentino at the Met Gala. At CinemaCon in Las Vegas. Attending Carnegie Hall's Children's Monologues Benefit. Leaving an appearance on The View in New York City. Heading to Good Morning America in New York City. At the New York City premiere of Colossal.  Filming Ocean's 8 in New York City. 
 It's official: They're Insta-Famous Picture this: You’re at your favorite coffee shop waiting to order an iced Americano when you see your latest handbag obsession. The unique clasp, the slope of the handle, the metal hardware—all the hyper-distinguishable details you’ve been eyeing on Instagram. And now, the espresso drinker two feet away is flaunting it on her arm. It’s a sign: You need it. Sound familiar? That's because there's a new school of It-bags taking over social feeds everywhere. They’re functional, unique in structure, and have an influencer following you can respect. While the exact brand name can sometimes get lost in the scroll, their signature styles simply can’t be forgotten. Get ahead of the curve and meet the Insta-famous labels you need to know now—all of which you’ll find at Saks Fifth Avenue.  BOYY  @minkie_mk with ROMEO™, Smokey grey from Pre-fall 19 collection. A post shared by  B O Y Y (@boyyboutique) on Jul 7, 2019 at 7:09am PDT  If you can’t seem to get that timeless silhouette and signature belt buckle out of your mind, you’ve been enchanted by BOYY. The New York-based brand, founded by Jesse Dorsey and Wannasiri Kongman, balances opposing ideas of masculine and feminine. This harmony is versatile at the very least, and magically modern.    GU_DE  . Your look is always the best👍🏻❤️❤️❤️ @rocky_barnes  #Iloveyou❤️ #gu_de_bags  #stunning A post shared by  gu_de_official (@gu_de_official) on Aug 31, 2019 at 8:10am PDT  Some are content to watch  ’70s trends come and go, but to you, the decade’s style offers a classic look that can be re-envisioned to complement any modern ensemble. Aside from luxurious fabrics and boho-glam posts saved on your Instagram account, you may find additional style solace from GU_DE. The brainchild of South Korean designer Ji Hye Koo, this brand reinterprets the era’s rich textures into timeless pieces.     Little Liffner  A cream dream 🌾 A post shared by  Little Liffner (@littleliffner) on Aug 28, 2019 at 8:29am PDT  For the artful minimalist with a feed full of Scandinavian design (fashion, interior, or otherwise), there’s Little Liffner. Founded by Paulina Liffner von Sydow, this Stockholm-based brand banks on clean lines with playful details. Like a surrealist dream, a luxe leather tote features a slightly angular opening. On another option, an unconventional handle diagonally attaches to opposing sides of a small boxy body. The actual bags may be little but the ideas—and impact—are big.      Nita Suri  Autumn is here, as is THE HEXA. Shop now at NITASURI.COM. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ #thehexa #nitasuriiconics #nitasuri A post shared by  NITA SURI (@nitasuri) on Sep 5, 2019 at 9:02am PDT  Structural art meets fashion with Barcelona brand Nita Suri. One scroll through a Montse Freixes-led campaign and you’ll instantly recognize the look. The signature pyramid-style structure, featuring sheepskin and suede lining, is all you need to identify this It-bag. Should you take a closer inspection of the deceptively spacious bag IRL, you’ll find a large, functional drawstring opening and detachable strap. What you put inside is up to you.    Staud  Rey A post shared by  S T A U D (@staud.clothing) on Sep 14, 2019 at 10:08am PDT  From the makers of one of our favorite PVC totes comes an even more unique Insta-famous collection of bags. Staud, an L.A.-based brand founded by Sarah Staudinger and George Augusto, provides all the quality elements of high fashion at a relatively affordable cost. The duo is at it again with their Moon bags, which feature a crescent shape in leather options. For those who prefer sharp, clean lines, a rectangular iteration in a snakeskin print is just as fierce.    Danse Lente  Midsummer🌼Dreams💫 Special thanks to the amazing team💖 Shot by: @estellehanania  with: @melodypurple11  Styling: @xanderang  Floral Arrangements: @jaden__cho A post shared by  Danse Lente (@danselente_official) on Jun 13, 2019 at 6:18am PDT  To fully appreciate Danse Lente (French for “slow dance”), one must take a beat to relish every thought-out detail (read: stop scrolling through your feed). The time will allow you to grasp the beauty of the asymmetrical flap or twisted hardware on the Phoebe Bis Accordion Leather Bag.  The Geometric Leather Bucket, too, has interesting features that may go unnoticed without thorough examination. The color alone is eye-catching, but the contrast between the silver hardware and adjustable top handle is just plain smart. At a macro level, these are special bags that just don’t look like any other.      For more of-the-moment styles, visit saks.com.
 Olivia Kim is a multi-hyphenate woman—vice president of creative projects at Nordstrom, style maven, mother—but above all else, she's a New Yorker. For her new collection with Nike, titled "No Cover"—a nod to the cover charge of New York nightlife—Kim journeyed back to the "fun, playful" streets of New York to create a nostalgic collection sourcing vibrant '90s colorways and timeless Nike silhouettes. "The capsule is a perfect confluence of classic Nike and Jordan designs with Olivia’s style rooted in the rave and hip-hop styles defining that era," the brand explained in a press release. "Think '90s subculture in New York where DIY fashion reigned the streets and youth culture everywhere was reclaiming their childhood through sartorial expression." Inspired by the wardrobe she wore as a teen and Nike sneakers of the era, Kim designed an apparel collection that features tees, a puffer coat, hoodies, sports bras, and Nordstrom-exclusive pieces that reference the iconic Betty Boop. Kim also reimagined five classic Nike silhouettes—Air Force 1, Air Jordan IV, Air Mowabb, Air Footscape and Air Max 98. For Kim's iteration of the Air Force 1, she coated the New York staple in royal blue corduroy with a bright yellow swoosh to salute the New York streets. Next in the lineup is the Air Mowabb, made for both running and hiking, which Kim designed in a brown and black colorway with teal and red accents. The Air Footscape features a fun pink and zebra print that "unites a universally downtown punk attitude found on St. Marks in the East Village all the way to the underground energy of Tokyo." You can't talk New York's club scene without saluting Jamaican culture, which Kim references on the Air Max 98 with the country's signature colors: red, green and yellow. If you like your sneakers simple, the "Black Cat" Air Jordan IV arrives in black-on-black with textured accents on the heel.  The Nike by Olivia Kim creative campaign also stars Olivia, athlete Megan Rapinoe, model Binx Walton and director-writer John Waters who showcase the different attitudes each sneaker evokes.  The full collection is all yours on October 31st exclusively at Nordstrom's in-house Nike boutiques and Nordstrom.com before it hits global retail shelves on November 8th.
 You'll have no trouble finding that perfect fit. Many of us are familiar with that feeling when you find the perfect boot in your size, but the calf is just a little too snug for your liking. (Well, I guess I can't wear this boot with jeans!) Instead of having to alter your styling efforts or size up and risk having to wear thick socks to make up for the foot space, Tamara Mellon has a better solution. The luxury footwear label just announced it's offering boots in extended calf sizes. It's the first brand to do so.  Tamara Mellon launched its black Icon boot in 2017 and has remade this style with three different calf widths: small, medium, and large. Simply select your usual shoe size then a special calf width to find that magical fit. The versatile $795 boot is made with gorgeous nappa leather and has a 2.95 inch heel to comfortably take you from point A to point B. You can wear the boot with jeans (yay!), tights, or just by itself paired with a pleated skirt or midi dress.  To celebrate this special launch, the brand featured three women—actress and model Alessandra Garcia Lorido, model Matisse, and actress/director/singer/writer Adepero Oduye—in the campaign. Check out some images from the launch below, then shop your new favorite boot. Your perfect fit awaits.   
From: Marie Claire US

 A good t-shirt is a closet staple that can go a long way, but that means you have to replace them often. Comb through your closet and finally throw away the stained, stretched, and worn-out you can’t bear to wear in public, and move on to the next. Finding the right fit and style is a struggle, but we narrowed it down to the top ten brands that make the best tees for every need. From the perfect slouchy fit to a style so thick you can actually go braless, invest in our roundup ahead, buy them in multiples, and never look back. The Everlane crewneck is the perfect not-too-loose but not-too-tight shirt that looks good with everything. It's thin, lightweight, and comes in a range of colors and stripes. If you’re looking for an easy-to-move-in, breathable tee, stock up in this style.  J.Crew makes a bulk-free tee that fits great under a sharp blazer and tucks seamlessly into your favorite jeans. It's ideal for layering and conveniently offered in both stripes and solids. Finally, a cropped t-shirt for those with broad shoulders. The Hanes x Karla cropped tee is wider and boxier with a heavy cotton weave that feels sturdy. This added comfort is necessary for a t-shirt that bares your stomach.  If you like a little weight to your basic tee, look no further. This Uniqlo shirt is fully opaque, so you can wear it with colored bras, bralettes or no bra at all. The cut is tailored without being form-fitting, and its wallet-friendly price can’t be beat. The tie dye trend continues to go strong, and I am not upset about it. Madewell's is hand-dyed, meaning each one is completely unique and will stand out among your basics. This is the shirt you can wear whether you worked out or not. The best part about this Outdoor Voices tee is that it wicks away sweat like your favorite performance gear, but it looks and feels like a normal tee.  Cotton Citizen’s Sydney Tee is what you always want your boyfriend’s shirts to look like, but with better tailoring. The cotton is so soft, you'll want to live in it.  This longline v-neck doesn’t dip too far down. It falls just low enough in a flattering cut, and works well with layering necklaces. Re/Done's cheeky crews have an old-school vibe without being a "vintage" rock-tee. It's thrift store shopping without the hassle.  The Scoop neck tee is notorious for being difficult. The collar has to fall just right, the fit should be slim, but it can't be too baggy where it looses its U-shape. The Rag & Bone tee checks all of the above boxes, and looks great with skinny jeans for a night on the town. 
 I've never frolicked through a rose-filled garden in a frothy tulle gown before, or sashayed through an ancient Roman mansion in an embellished cropped jacket and billowy floral dress, but I imagine that's the feeling Giambattista Valli's elaborate, ethereal designs evoke. In fact, that's exactly what H.E.R, Kendall Jenner, Chiara Ferragni and the rest of GV's crew do in the campaign visuals for the designer's upcoming H&M collection, which perfectly juxtaposes delicate, feminine silhouettes with streetwear edge. "We were dancing in this beautiful hallway with all these old statues and paintings surrounding us and it was like we were at a rock n roll ball in the middle of a palace," singer H.E.R. tells ELLE.com of her favorite memory from the shoot. Shot by renowned fashion photography duo Mert and Marcus and styled by Melanie Ward, the H&M x Giambattista Valli crew took a trip to Rome to stay true to Valli's Italian roots.  H.E.R stars in the campaign, wearing a breezy long-sleeved floral gown with ruffles running along the shoulder paired with matching floral socks and heels. In another photo, the "Slide" singer shows off the edgier side of the collection, donning a sheer black dress with floral appliqués and a black cropped blazer with a colorful floral print on the wrists and along the lapels.  "The dresses in this collaboration are so comfy and cute and soooo good for all occasions," she adds, which she suggests pairing with sneakers. But her personal favorites from the collection? "The hoodies," she says, which range from a leopard print version to a white one with gold embroidery and one with the Giambattista Valli logo printed on the front.  "There are so many ways to style the pieces [especially] the hoodies. They are comfortable but still fabulous and easy to wear with a skirt," she continues. H.E.R. poses alongside other familiar faces in the campaign, including actor Cameron Monaghan (Shameless), DJ Clara 3000, model Luka Isaac, musician Chris Lee. The full collection drops on November 7 in-store and online.  Click through the gallery below to see the full campaign. 
 Whether she's on the red carpet in an elegant black gown or sporting casual street fashion, Chrissy Teigen can do all looks flawlessly. Flip through her very best. Attending a screening of Between Two Ferns in Hollywood. Attending the launch of Quay x Chrissy Teigen in West Hollywood. At the premiere of Bring the Funny in a red jacket dress. Making a guest appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.  Attending a POPSUGAR event in New York City. At a beachside event in Cannes, France. Opting for orange at Sesame Workshop's 50th Anniversary Benefit Gala in New York City. Sporting a hot pink ensemble while out in Manhattan.  Hosting the Pepsi #Summergram Celebration in NYC. Posing at the NBC Upfronts. Leaving an appearance on The Today Show in NYC. Attending the City Harvest gala in NYC. Wearing Marchesa at the Vanity Fair Oscars after party. Posing on the Critics' Choice Awards red carpet.  Wearing Solace London to Glamour's Women of the Year event. Attending the People's Choice Awards in Zuhair Murad. Walking around New York City. Attending WSJ Magazine's Innovator Awards in New York. Wearing an LBD while in Manhattan. Strolling through New York City. Attending a Sephora x Cravings event in Los Angeles. Attending a second Sephora x Cravings event in Los Angeles. Out and about in New York City. Wearing a belted shirt dress in Manhattan. Promoting her cookbook Cravings in New York City. Leaving an appearance on Good Morning America in NYC. Wearing Zuhair Murad to the Emmys.  Attending the GOOD + Foundation Benefit at NYC's Carnegie Hall. Posing on the Creative Arts Emmys red carpet. At British GQ's Men of the Year awards.
 Celebrating her best-dressed moments. Scarlett Johansson's versatility as an actress is what has kept her on top in Hollywood—and helped brand her as one of ELLE's 2019 Women in Hollywood. Since she started acting at age 10, Johansson has racked up roles from dramas like Lost in Translation, to romantic comedies like He's Just Not That Into You, and action blockbusters like The Avengers and upcoming Black Widow. On the fashion front, her face has led campaigns for Dolce & Gabbana and landed on the pages of ELLE. In honor of her work in this fall's Jojo Rabbit and Marriage Story, her most stellar red carpet moments. Walking the red carpet in custom Miu Miu for the Hollywood premiere of Jojo Rabbit. Wearing Tom Ford at ELLE's Women in Hollywood event. In strapless Prada for the New York Film Festival premiere of Marriage Story. Posing in Rodarte for the Toronto International Film Festival premiere of Jojo Rabbit. Attending the Toronto Film Festival premiere of Marriage Story wearing a printed Oscar de la Renta dress. Attending the Venice Film Festival premiere of Marriage Story in a red Celine gown. At the Venice Film Festival photo call for Marriage Story. Attending Comic-Con to promote the upcoming Black Widow movie. Placing her hands in cement outside of the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood wearing a belted polka dot jumpsuit by Zimmermann. Walking the Avengers: Endgame premiere red carpet in Versace. Wearing floral for an Avengers: Endgame photo call in London.  Attending a London Avengers: Endgame event in a sleek Tom Ford ensemble. Attending the American Museum of Natural History Gala in New York City, wearing a pastel pink J. Mendel gown. Making an appearance at the People’s Choice Awards in Santa Monica. Posing in white Balmain at the Emmys. Walking the Met Gala red carpet in a Marchesa gown. Attending the 2017 American Museum of Natural History Gala in New York. Waving to fans outside of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. Posing in metallic Michael Kors at the NYC Rough Night premiere. Wearing striped Michael Kors to the Tony Awards. Celebrating 100 Years of Planned Parenthood at an NYC event. At the New York City premiere of Ghost in the Shell wearing multi-colored Balmain. At the Vanity Fair Oscars after party. Wearing an Azzedine Alaïa gown with Fred Leighton jewels to the Academy Awards. Appearing at the amfAR New York Gala. Attending the Toronto International Film Festival premiere of Sing. Wearing Balmain for the London premiere of Avengers: Age of Ultron.  At the premiere of Avengers: Age of Ultron in Hollywood. Attending the MTV Movie Awards in a Zuhair Murad hot pink jumpsuit. Wearing green Versace to the Oscars.
 Balmain creative director Olivier Rousteing is a fan of the mood-boosting power of a boxing class. Indeed, the sport has long been a way for the fashion flock, from Helena Christensen to Michèle Lamy, to keep in fighting form. So when Puma came calling, looking to do a high fashion–meets–athleticwear capsule along with its current ambassador Cara Delevingne, Rousteing was in.  “I’ve known Cara for a number of years,” he says, “and she’s not someone who will just lend her name to something. She gives 300 percent. And given our shared love of boxing, the inspiration was easy.” After months of sketching—and Delevingne trying on each sample to ensure proper fit—the result is athleisure through a Balmain filter: shredded Breton-stripe hoodies, gold-trim windbreakers, and a retro-futuristic color-blocked minidress. Rousteing’s personal favorite? A reversible bomber jacket, above, in the pair’s favored hues: black and white (Rousteing) on one side, red and blue (Delevingne) on the other. Click through to see every look from the capsule ahead. The collection will launch on November 21st on Puma.com, Balmain.com, and select retailers worldwide. 
 There's always one person who takes the office white elephant game a little too seriously. Hi, it me. Gift cards are for the weak, selfies sticks are sooooooo yesterday, and really, you gave me a mug? Up the ante at your office's white elephant gift exchange by bringing a present your co-workers are guaranteed to fight over for weeks on end. From a Game of Thrones-themed cookbook to a Netflix binge-watching survival kit, these are the 9 best gifts that'll give the crowd a good laugh.  For that one co-worker whose nails are always on point, do her a solid and cut her manicure time in half with this thoughtful present. Because they really miss Game of Thrones.  No reason to leave your bed when you have a facial wipe, socks, folding forks, and breath drops (you know, for Netflix and Chill).  Need another reason to drink tequila? Here are 65.   Me when my friends ask me about the guy I said I was in love with three weeks ago. You know the feeling when you're just over it? Yeah, well here's a journal that allows you to blow off steam on the "Asshole of the Day" page and organize your daily tasks on "Today's Shit List."  If a simple "out-of-office" email doesn't get the message across, this shirt surely will. She can teach a crash course in FaceTune, has over 20K followers, and knows every VSCO filter there is. This LED ring light is perfect for the Instagram Influencer in your life.  Simple, humorous, and vulgar—just like your favorite coworker. 
 Does fall even begin before you buy a new pair of boots? We think not. The crisp autumn air requires indulging in a much-needed set of booties, almost as much as you're required to chug a day's worth of calories in a PSL (and you don't even like pumpkin). While a sugary latte can be found on every corner, a good boot is hard to find. Everlane, the San Francisco-based clothing brand, is known for designing all your practical needs, like its chic work bag that actually fits your laptop, or the vintage mom jean made for moms and childless adults alike. Today they launched the perfect ankle boot.  They're called the Editor Boot, and as an actual editor, I feel it is aptly named. Everlane designed the Goldilocks of ankle boots, with subtle nods to high-fashion details that don't overpower its simple silhouette. It's thoroughly modern, yet absolutely timeless. Here, we break down all the reasons why this shoe reached peak basic-ness.   A pointy toe elongates your legs, but some designers have taken sartorial liberties to make you feel like you're wearing the bastard child of clown shoes and your mother's heels. These are just right, and super on-trend.    The kitten heel is a delicate shape reads more elegant than a block heel, the latter of which is currently on the tail end of its popularity. The one-inch height is comfortable enough to commute on the train to work, but your heel/arch/footbed will be pain-free by the time you get to happy hour.  Some brands place a kitten heel in the middle, which gives it a witchy vibe. We're not against a Salem shoe, but Everlane's style feels more Copenhagen Fashion Week than Salem, Massachusetts circa 1692. Because the Editor's heel is situated toward the back of the shoe, it is refreshingly modern.   Too tall a boot shaft, and your jeans awkwardly scrunch on top. Too short, and you're baring an ankle like a Victorian harlot. Here we have the golden ratio of ankle-boot-to-denim-jeans: This boot hits right above your achilles heel and delicately kisses the top of your skinny jeans. Alongside the rest of Everlane's heeled footwear collection, the Editor boot is handcrafted in a small, family-owned factory in Val D'Arno, Italy. It comes in three colors: buttery black, bone white, and a chocolate brown suede, all for $225. If the price seems steep, think of all the future PSLs you can now buy, because you'll wear these boots for a lifetime. 
 Never underestimate the power of great jeans, especially from a brand like Levi's, known for its cult-favorite styles. The clothing company checks off all the boxes for a fab pair of denim—soft, stylish, with a hint of stretch, and for set all at an affordable price.  As if you needed another reason to love Levi's, Amazon's currently having a low-key sale on some of the brand's popular styles. Simply search for Levi's and you'll find everything from a straight-legged pair to classic skinny jeans to a bootcut option that will look amazing with your new fall booties. Most pairs are free of embellishments, rips, and frays, so they'll transition nicely from casual Fridays at the office to happy hour with friends.  $49.99$37.50 $69.50$39.99 $49.99$37.50 $49.99$35.70 The catch? Since prices vary by size, style, and color, you'll have to sift through each listing to find the deal for you. But trust us: The search is so worth it. Some pairs, like the ones above, are selling for as low as $36. Perhaps an early holiday gift to yourself?  Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals. 
From: Marie Claire US

 Everyone you can think of was in the building at ELLE's 2019 Women in Hollywood event, from Sydney Sweeney to Diane Lane. But all eyes were on this year's honorees—Dolly Parton, Zendaya, Nicole Kidman, Mindy Kaling, Natalie Portman, Lena Waite, Melinda Matsoukas, Jodie Turner-Smith, Gwyneth Paltrow and Scarlett Johansson. Ahead, the best looks of the night.   In Peter Do In Bottega Veneta, Nikos Koulis jewels and Jimmy Choo shoes In Dior In Ralph Lauren and Bvlgari jewels In Richfresh In Oscar de la Renta and Jimmy Choo shoes.  In Azzaro and rings by Established and Rachel Katz Jewelry In Loewe In Tom Ford In Ralph Lauren In Ralph Lauren In Ralph Lauren In Ralph Lauren Collection. In Zadig & Voltaire, Miu Miu shoes,  In Richard Quinn In Louis Vuitton In Ralph Lauren In Monse  In Ralph Lauren In Ralph Lauren Purple Label In Erdem In Prada In Ralph Lauren and David Yurman jewels In Ralph Lauren
 California is the first state in the U.S. to ban the sale of animal fur products. Following city-wide bans in both San Francisco and Los Angeles, Gov. Gavin Newsom signed a package of bills over the weekend to fight animal cruelty in The Golden State, including AB44 outlawing the sale, manufacture, and donation of fur clothing and accessories. “California is a leader when it comes to animal welfare and today that leadership includes banning the sale of fur,” Newsom said in a statement obtained by the San Francisco Chronicle.  The bill reportedly applies to all new clothing, handbags, and shoes made of fur. It excludes used fur and taxidermy products, as well as leather, cowhide and shearling. Furs used for religious reasons or used by Native American tribes are also exempt, according to CNN. Violators of the ban, which goes into effect January 2023, will be subject to fines.   I just signed #AB44 -- one of the strongest animal rights laws in US History -- making California the first state in the nation to ban new fur sales.Also signed a package of important bills that will bring an end to the cruel treatment of many animals across our state. https://t.co/xvHfBt3Jz5  The ban comes on the heels of a larger movement in the fashion industry to phase out furs, including pledges from Chanel, Gucci, Burberry, and DVF. Chanel's president, Bruno Pavlovski, recently told WWD that the luxury behemoth would “no longer use exotic skins in our future creations,” adding, “The future of high-end products will come from the know-how of what our atelier is able to do.”  Coach is another brand to go fur-free, announcing back in October 2018 that it would no longer sell mink, coyote, fox, and rabbit furs. “We understood from our employee population and from our consumers that it was important to them that we take a stand on this issue,” Coach CEO Joshua Schulman told Business of Fashion. “We’re doing it because we believe it’s the right thing to do.” PETA, however, is also calling for Coach to ban the use of mohair and angora wool.   Tracy Reiman, Executive Vice President of PETA, released a statement calling the California ban a "historic day for animals in California, including those who have been whipped into performing in circuses, or skinned alive for their fur or skin," adding, "PETA is proud to have worked with compassionate legislators to push these lifesaving laws forward and looks to other states to follow California's progressive lead."
 Think of them like tree ornaments.  It's not about the tree, it's about the ornaments. The same is true of your wardrobe this holiday season: your LBD is only as strong as your LGW (little gold watch). A holiday without something shiny is just plain boring, and a flash of silver here and a glint of gold there goes a long way. Below, our must-have accessories for a holiday outfit that's merry and bright. Beautiful without making a big deal of itself, the True Thinline Les Couleurs™ Le Corbusier by Rado combines the timeless style of an analog face with a modern monochromatic touch.  It adds that certain je ne sais quoi to your wrist (or vanity) and reminds that distant aunt that you're doing quite well.  True Thinline Les Couleurs™ Le Corbusier Watch SHOP NOW Fact: Wear a headband and everyone will compliment your hair—even if you skipped heat styling—and bonus points if your headpiece is metallic. This theory is tried and true, and we'll defend it from the grave.  Dome Glossy Headband SHOP NOW This year, we're moving away from delicate strings and filling our jewelry boxes with the chunky and the charmed.  Keep your holiday dress super neutral to serve as the canvas for this chainlink masterpiece. Byzantine Charm Necklace SHOP NOW The epitome of drip. Nothing puts the finishing touch on a sleek pony like a dark lip and a pair of chandeliers like these clinging to your earlobes.  Julia Waterfall Dangling Earrings SHOP NOWStyled by Kristen Saladino.
 "Bentley tints on/ Fendi prints on" Nicki Minaj rapped in her buoyant single "Chun Li." And with that, a fashion collaboration was born. For weeks now, the rapper's fans, known as the Barbz, have been awaiting the arrival of Minaj's Fendi Prints On, a 127-piece collection that marries the luxury label's playful yet sophisticated aesthetic with Minaj's signature whimsy. At long last, the collection is finally here. Launching today, October 14, on fendi.com, the latest iteration of Fendi's FF Series features house staples like the Baguette, Peekaboo, and Kan U bag, and more in a range of textures—among them, space-like metallics, shearling and lots of pink Lycra. In an exclusive story in our October issue, Minaj told ELLE that Fendi Prints On is "for everyone who wants to show skin. We all go to the beach, we all get sexy, we all have sex, we all bust it open!"  There's something for all the Barbz, from body-skimming silhouettes and 90s-inspired jewelry (door knocker earrings, anyone?) to oversized jackets and tracksuits for men. The highlight of the collection is easily the long-sleeve neon pink midi bodycon dress, which Minaj wears in the campaign images and designed for women with curvy features.  "I want to make clothes that make girls with my body look sexy," she told ELLE. "What I want [to tell] girls is not necessarily, ‘Go and gain weight and have a big booty,’ but ‘If you do have curves, be proud of it, flaunt it—love the skin you’re in." Shop the full collection now at fendi.com.
 Kaia Gerber just turned eighteen, but she is well beyond her years when it comes to fashion. Her model-off-duty aesthetic is aspirational, yet attainable. She is the Gen Z style equivalent to Rosie Huntington Whiteley, but less neutral in palette and a little more budget-friendly than Rosie's predilection for Bottega Veneta. Gerber can make us gasp in a dominatrix Versace dress work for her birthday, but there is one article of clothing in particular that she is intuitively great at pulling off: the blazer.  We counted more than twenty times she's worn a blazer and never has she failed us. Between fashion shows in Paris? She's wearing a blazer. Hitting up Anwar Hadid's birthday party? Blazer. Casually attending Marc Jacob's wedding? You're damn right she suited up in a blazer.  How exactly does she master the tailored topper? Read on the for the four key style rules Kaia Gerber always follows, ahead.   The most notable observation in Gerber's choice of blazer is that this is far from a fitted schoolboy style. This is the anti-tailored look. If you're not swimming in a giant '80s-style blazer like Obama's ill-fitted suit or a non-problematic James Van Der Beek in Pose, you're doing it wrong.  Kaia Gerber has good genes and jeans. She owns a lust-worthy collection of flattering straight-leg, vintage-looking denim. With them, she created her go-to combo: a pair of perfect jeans, an oversized blazer, and high-top Converse sneakers. This uniform is a modern take on Princess Di's '90s look, minus the biker shorts you'll probably regret this time next year. This easy ensemble is the ideal commuter outfit, too— all you need to do is swap into office-ready shoes (mules, pumps, loafers) once you clock in at work.  A Cool Person Hat tones down the fussiness of a structured blazer. Gerber, token  Cool Person, shows us how it's done in both buckets and a baseball cap. Gerber can make the blah-iest of blazers look sexy, with multiple examples to choose from. Exhibit A: Get micro with cropped jacket and mini-skirt set. Exhibit B: Embellish your blazer and style it with an monochrome backdrop and sky-high stilletos. And our favorite, Exhibit C: Don't wear pants.  
 On Friday, ELLE and Ferragamo joined forces for the first annual Hollywood Rising party to honor breakout actors and actresses taking film and television by storm. Hosted by Editor-in-Chief Nina Garcia and Ferragamo creative director Paul Andrew, the event toasted the outstanding work of Lucy Boynton, Ben Platt, Zoey Deutch, Rahne Jones, Anthony Ramos, Kristine Froseth, Ana de Armas, Kiersey Clemons, and many, many more. Held at the Sunset Tower in Los Angeles, partygoers mixed and mingled over tunes spun by DJ Bec Adams. Ahead,  all of the the must-see looks of the night.  In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo.  In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo. Both in Ferragamo.  In Ferragamo. In Ferragamo.
 At this point, reality show siblings leveraging their fame into full-fledged fashion or beauty careers is basically a requirement. Keeping Up With the Kardashians spawned empires for the KarJenners. Bravo's The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills begat supermodels Bella and Gigi Hadid. Now, Delilah Belle and Amelia Gray Hamlin—Lisa Rinna's daughters who have appeared on RHOBH—are cashing in on their fame with the launch of their own clothing line DNA. (Get it?)  The sisters, Delilah, 21, and Amelia, 18, partnered with LA Collective, a platform which leverages celebrities and personalities to bring their visions to life. To start, the sister duo will launch an 18-piece collection centered around athleisure that can carry you from your morning Barry's Bootcamp to after-work happy hour with your pals, including joggers, hoodies, jackets, track pants, dresses and more.  INTRODUCING DNA -> LAUNCHING OCT 21 A post shared by  DNA (@dnathebrand) on Oct 11, 2019 at 8:06am PDT The Hamlin sisters drew inspiration from both Los Angeles and New York, as well as Instagram where Delilah boasts over one million followers and Amelia with over 500,000.  "We kind of just went off a bunch of pieces from random brands and from our wardrobes that we wanted to make a better fit of,” Amelia told WWD. “I think Instagram has been a really big influence, because it’s a streetwear, athleisure type of brand, so it’s super versatile. I think that just scrolling through Instagram and just looking at people’s street style and how they put it together and how they dress it up and dress it down was a big influence for us." DNA will be available for purchase online at L.A. Collective's official site starting on October 21 before the sister launch a pop-up at Melrose Place on November 2.
 What does the new Victoria's Secret look like? For starters, the hired its first transgender model, Valentina Sampaio, earlier in August and its first plus-sized model Ali Tate earlier this week. Next up? Victoria's Secret is making sure its new cast of Angels are represented in all of its stores.  According to WWD, this month Victoria's Secret is collaborating with Emily Bendell's Bluebella, the UK-based lingerie label that has long been dedicated to empowering women, on a collection that "celebrates inclusivity and strength—each piece is designed for modern, empowered, and confident women." The advertisement for the collection, which features May Simón Lifschitz, Ali Tate Cutler, Olivia Sang and Laura Rakhman-Kidd, are not only online at victoriassecret.com, but in stores as well, including the New York City flagship shop on Fifth Avenue and London's Bond Street location.  #LoveYourself. 🖤🖤🖤 Our campaign is back! Following on from our award winning campaign launched for Valentine's 2019, #LoveYourself is all about reclaiming power and redefining sensuality. Sensuality should be something beautiful and unique to each and every one of us. 🔥🔥🔥 Enter our four uniquely beautiful models @ali_tate_cutler, @itmaybemay, @olivia_sang_ and @laurarakhmankidd 👯👯 Shot by @elisabethhoffphoto #LoveYourself #mybluebella #love #yourself #campaign #important #welcomeback #message #launch #unique #beautiful #redefine #sensuality #selflove #self #acceptance #strength #confidence #independence #family #attitude #bluebella #celebrate #you #whoever #however #beauty #integrity A post shared by  Bluebella Lingerie (@bluebella) on Oct 4, 2019 at 3:19am PDT For the uninitiated, Victoria's Secret has been scrutinized for its lack of inclusivity in the past following former L Brands’ chief marketing officer Ed Razek's comments about transgender and plus-size models.  "It’s like, why doesn’t your show do this? Shouldn’t you have transsexuals in the show? No. No, I don’t think we should. Well, why not? Because the show is a fantasy," he said in an interview with Vogue. He later recanted his statement, telling ELLE.com, "To be clear, we absolutely would cast a transgender model for the show. We've had transgender models come to castings ... And like many others, they didn't make it ... But it was never about gender. Honestly, I really hope that a transgender model will make the show soon. I admire and respect their journey to embrace who they really are."   Nova and her girl gang - YAS. ⚡⚡⚡⚡ Our LoveYourself campaign launched on Friday, featuring these four amazing women. This shoot was so special to us. Self-love, inclusivity and diversity are at the heart of Bluebella and we wanted this campaign to reflect that. 🖤  @ali_tate_cutler, @itmaybemay, @olivia_sang_ and @laurarakhmankidd in Nova. #loveyourself #mybluebella #love #yourself #campaign #important #welcomeback #message #launch #unique #beautiful #redefine #sensuality #selflove #self #acceptance #strength #confidence #independence #beauty #integrity #diversity #Nova #girlgang A post shared by  Bluebella Lingerie (@bluebella) on Oct 6, 2019 at 7:42am PDT WWD also reported that the stores feature the campaign images and videos of the models showcasing the Bluebella for Victoria's Secret lingerie collection. "In an industry so often accused of promoting unrealistic body-types, of encouraging a certain look, we want to take a new approach and to celebrate beauty in difference. We believe in the beauty and integrity of every person," the UK-based brand wrote on its website. "So we created #loveyourself, a campaign to encourage self-love, self-respect and self-worth. Because everybody is worth celebrating."
 The ever-shifting nature of the fashion and luxury industries is a topic ripe for study. For the third year, ELLE, MIT Sloan Education, and Mindway are collaborating on an academic program where you can do just that. The 2020 program, "Innovation Leadership for Fashion & Luxury Consumer Brands" is now accepting applications. What began in November 2017 is now a premiere global initiative, which offers exclusive insight into the challenges faced by luxury and fashion brands. This hybrid course combines online and onsite education to break down the barriers in several areas of the business.  The 2020 program will last six months, from January to the end of June. Onsite classes will focus on three modules of study and see students travel across the globe. Participants will dive into the world of fast fashion for 10 days in Madrid, followed by haute couture and luxury in Paris, before ending with six days spent on innovation at MIT's campus in Boston. Onsite classes will include guest speakers and industry experts. In the last two years, lecturers have included Diane Von  Diane Von Furstenberg, Gabriela Hearst, Christian Louboutin, and Nina Garcia, ELLE Editor-in-Chief. Find more information and apply now at www.elle.education.
 Some fashion designers want to talk to you about the Michelin-starred caviar restaurant they just tried, or the vacation destination that has a yearlong guest backlog—you know, the one they just jetted back from? Yoon Ahn wants to talk about robotics. “Those guys, Boston Dynamics, that build robots?” she says, as if that will elicit some glimmer of recognition from me, her far-from-robot-fluent interlocutor. “I’ve been obsessing over them. They were trying to build this robot with new technologies, but I guess it wasn’t working out. So they went back to nature, and they started implementing things they were finding in insects and animals.” For Ahn, it represented a realization that technology has its limits. “It made me think, ‘All the answers that we need already exist on this planet, right? The more technology that’s developed—how are we going to make it more human?’”  This turn in the conversation is as unexpected as a robot suddenly gaining sentience, but the detour comes about because we’re talking about the fall 2019 collection for her line, Ambush. The clothes have a futurist-meets-survivalist bent—ripstop nylon, quilted vests, cargo pants, carabiner clips worn as earrings—kind of like the outfit you’d wear to go on a hike in 2035. The initial concept came from a viewing of the David Bowie film The Man Who Fell to Earth, which she understatedly describes as “a weird movie.” The conceit is that Bowie, perfectly cast as an alien, comes to Earth when his planet runs out of water. “But he ends up getting involved in earthly bad things, like alcohol and sex and drugs, so he never goes back,” she summarizes. For Ahn, a collection often starts with this kind of pop culture–assisted push. Some designers, she says, “physically go to places to get inspired. I wish I could do that, but I don’t really have the time, so when I get obsessed with certain artists or certain movies, I try to draw ideas from those places. Also, I’m a city girl, so I look at those things as my mental escape.”   In fact, the Korean-born Ahn calls two cities home, splitting her time between Tokyo and Paris, where she works as the design director of jewelry for Dior Men. Despite the fact that she’s sidewalk-bound, she has an affinity for nature, perhaps because she spent part of her formative years in the Pacific Northwest (she relocated to Tokyo in 2003). She thinks a lot about the fate of the planet. The movie also got her thinking about artificial intelligence and outer space, prompting her to wonder, “Where are we heading? How are we communicating with people?”  This train of thought accelerated last year when she took in “Scary Beauty,” an “android opera” by the composer Keiichiro Shibuya, featuring an AI conductor and a human orchestra. “The humanoid was not programmed to lead them to make perfect music,” she says. “They built that humanoid to react to the human sounds and then kind of naturally direct them. So you don’t know how it’s going to turn out. And when I was watching that, I was blown away.”   These might seem like ideas far outside the realm of fashion. Yet this same kind of interaction—technology mingling with nature in an improvised way, to unexpected effect—could describe Ahn’s preferred style of creation. Ambush began as an ad lib of sorts. Her husband, the rapper (and now entertainment executive) Verbal, who’s also of Korean descent, needed to look cool onstage. “We had issues with stylists bringing in stuff that wasn’t really him or what he liked,” so the two decided, “Let’s just do it ourselves.” With no formal design training (Ahn was then working as a graphic designer), they began making jewelry in collaboration with designer friends and started giving pieces to other friends, one of whom was Kanye West. From there, “it just kind of spread naturally,” abetted by the Tokyo club scene, Ahn says. This was pre-Instagram, when “you had to go to those places to flaunt your outfits. I learned the art of peacocking,” she says. Ahn’s personal style, which is bleeding-edge cool—platinum hair with a moat of intentional roots, colorful swaths of makeup (Fenty Beauty is one of her go-tos), weapon-like nails, and tons of jewelry—informed the overall look. Eventually, they added ready-to-wear to the line, and Rihanna, Lady Gaga, and Beyoncé started sporting their wares. Ambush has a Converse collaboration coming out this month; other recent linkups include Nike and Gentle Monster.  Ahn describes her work at Dior as “respecting [Dior Homme artistic director] Kim [Jones]’s direction, and then also keeping, and re-creating, the code of the house: ‘How can I create something new, so that we can bring fresh air and energy?’ ” Whereas with Ambush, “we’re building it still. For me, it’s more important to try different things, to see what’s ‘us.’” The line is often described as streetwear, but she finds that term to be “a bit overused. When people look at something casual, they just call it streetwear,” she says. “I think that’s quite misleading, because streetwear first came from the culture and from the streets. There’s an identity to it, so I don’t want people to look at something that we produced as something casual and think, ‘Casual equals streetwear.’ ”  The clothes have a futurist-meets-survivalist bent—ripstop nylon, quilted vests, cargo pants, carabiner clips worn as earrings—kind of like the outfit you’d wear to go on a hike in 2035. There may be another reason she pushes back against the term: She seems to have a temperamental aversion to being categorized. That unpredictability comes out again when the conversation turns to music, and she starts talking about white noise. “Recently, I’ve been listening to a lot of nature sounds,” she says. “On YouTube, there are so many six- to eight-hour mixes of people recording in the rain forest, on the beach. Someone did it on an airplane. For some reason, I find it kind of interesting.” I suggest that, perhaps, the nature sounds are a throwback to her upbringing in the Pacific Northwest, the rugged terrain that has shaped her design identity as well. “Maybe you’re right. Maybe it’s subconscious,” she allows. “I want to be in nature but I can’t, so I’m drawn to these things.” This article originally appeared in the November 2019 issue of ELLE.
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet. The phenomenon that is Jana begins and ends in the public eye. Both are YouTube personalities and Professional Famous People™. They each found themselves embroiled in controversy before their well-documented love story.  In 2018, Mongeau intended to launch TanaCon, a response to the popular VidCon. It was later compared to the Fyre Fest for the event's lack of organization and perceived false claims about attendance.  Paul is the brother of fellow controversial YouTuber Jake. In 2017, he was released from his commitment on the Disney Channel series Bizaardvark after receiving complaints from neighbors over numerous pranks and parties at his home. Paul and Mongeau got engaged at her 21st birthday party in June 2019 after about two months together. In July, the couple got married in a highly-publicized Las Vegas wedding, which was filmed by MTV. Soon after, rumors about the validity of the couple's marriage and relationship abounded. In July, Mongeau tweeted, "i'm feeling feisty:i don’t care if u think my wedding's real. i don't care if u think my marriage is real. i don't care if u think Jake and I don't love each other. i don't care if u think getting married fast is a bad idea. i don't care if you think it's gonna last. OOPS!" You've ever secretly binge-watched the couple's videos. You're not alone—the newlyweds have nearly 25 million YouTube subscribers between them.  
 Tana is a big fan of snakeskin and crop tops, as documented on her Instagram page. Channel Jake's Vegas wedding style with a white suit and clip-on cross earrings. 
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet.  The very question that launched the meme heard 'round the world: Keke Palmer, actress, singer, and all-around hilarious human being, was asked during a Vanity Fair interview if her Nickelodeon character True Jackson was a better VP than Dick Cheney (Cheney, as we know, served as Vice President under the Bush administration). After staring at a photo of Cheney for a few moments, Palmer confessed that she has no idea who he is. "I hate to say it, I hope I don't sound ridiculous. I don't know who this man is," she admits in the viral video. "He could be walking down the street and I wouldn't know a thing. Sorry to this man."   oh my– Keke Palmer doesn't know who Dick Cheney is????? pic.twitter.com/dDssXr63Nu You are truly sorry to this man. And, if you need a couples costume.   It's pretty easy to recreate this iconic meme moment. For Keke's press junket outfit, all you need is a simple tan blazer, black hoop earrings, and a slicked back ponytail. Spot-on comic timing doesn't hurt, either. Your partner can take on Dick Cheney with a specialized rubber mask. 
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet.  President Trump and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi have a storied past of feuds, shade, and pity claps. The two have gone after each other on Twitter, sparred on live television,  and most recently, called for the other's impeachment.  Perhaps their most iconic feud moment happened when Trump delivered the State of the Union in February, and Pelosi's live reactions making headlines. Her shade ranged from checking the president's speech text to unimpressed facial expressions, but the most iconic Petty Pelosi moment happened when she gave Trump a performative pity clap. Who knew clapping could convey rage, disdain and threats of revenge...  pic.twitter.com/u9c4lXM4ri You love being petty. And look amazing in red.  
 Today's political climate is frightening indeed, which is why you can buy a customized mask of basically any major politician. Trump and Pelosi are no exception. To round out this couple's costume, all you need it a simple red coat. And a pity clap or two. 
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet.  Every summer, it seems, births a new trendy drink. Last year it was Aperol Spritz and, before that, the Lima-A-Rita. But this summer—those fiery three months we'll never forget as Hot Girl Summer 2019—spiked seltzers were nearly everyone's drink of choice. As ELLE.com's features editor (and White Claw aficionado) Kat Stoeffel wrote in August, "what makes spiked seltzer so 2019 is its bald appeal to our love of trendy sparkling waters."  Almost instantly, the bubbly beverage became the meme of the year. YouTubers, like Trevor Wallace, and Instagrammers and TikTokers were all posting hilarious viral videos about White Claw.  Your drink of choice this summer was, duh, a White Claw.  As we reported back in September, Yandy, the infamous costume company behind risqué Mr. Rogers and hot tariff, released a sexy White Claw can outfit. A representative from the company told ELLE.com the so-called "Hard Outlaw" costume had been in the works ever since spiked seltzer rose to popularity this summer. Apparently it was also the beverage of choice with Yandy staffers. "They are wildly popular with our team, too," Alicia Thompson, Yandy's director of brand marketing, said. "This costume was created in a two-piece bodysuit style and uses the popular hashtag trending on social."   However, if you understandably don't want to shell out $54.95 for a Yandy White Claw costume, it's pretty easy to DIY. All you need is a shirt, colorful headband, and leggings. Top it off with a poptop necklace. Voilà! 
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet.  Sansa Stark was played by Sophie Turner throughout Game of Thrones—that George R.R. Martin novel-inspired HBO series most of the world watched and talked about for the last eight years—and was a fan-favorite character on the show. She's also one of the most iconic figures in the series. She's Arya Stark's older sister, and even Turner's husband Joe Jonas has done some Sansa Stark cosplay. Slight spoilers here, but her endgame was pretty good compared to most characters (like, you know, Daenerys).  MOOD A post shared by  J O E J O N A S (@joejonas) on Apr 14, 2019 at 5:22pm PDT Series ender aside, the Sansa Starbucks costume is really a homage to the greatest surprise Game of Thrones cameo in the entire series: The Starbucks cup that made it into a final cut of the  "The Last of the Starks." The internet went WILD over the anachronism.   Westeros had Starbucks before Wakanda did.#GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/dkDy6pQ0Xz  You want something more original than a plain ol' Game of Thrones costume. And if you believe Sophie Turner really did plant the cup to screw over Daenerys.  Simple: Get a long, wavy red hair wig so you can mimic Sansa's iconic hair, combine it with a robe similar to her usual Westeros attire, and add the coffee cup of your choice (Starbucks or whatever) so you look like a GoT actor on set. Bonus: This Starbucks cup is reusable, so it'll last you far beyond Halloween night. 
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet.  I turned myself into a vsco girl for a day... as u can see the penny boarding didn’t go as planned. link in bio to watch 🤠 A post shared by  Sydney Serena (@sydneyserena) on Jul 14, 2019 at 2:07pm PDT Pronounced vis-co, she's an influencer whose aesthetic aligns with  the app VSCO, a photo editing and sharing tool with popular filters. This person is typically Gen-Z, overtly environmentally  conscious, and favors a beach day that she can post about. They are also commonly associated with the terms, "and I oop" and "sksksk," both expressions of extreme surprise. Plus, their pleas to "save the turtles" are often exaggerated. The Urban Dictionary compares this person to "the tumblr girls of 2019." As noted by ELLE.com in August, #vscogirl videos on TikTok have been viewed over 405 million times. On Instagram, more than 1 million posts are tagged #vscogirl. You've ever curated a beach day for the most Instagrammable photo ops (this is all of us, let's be honest) or have ever taken a Polaroid photo in the last decade.  Which side is more expensive? - - follow @vsco_inspirations101 for more!💗 - #vscogirl #vsco #vscogirlcheck #vscogirlvibes #vscoaesthetic #aesthetic #vscogirlz #vscogirlstarterpack #vscogiveaway #vscocam A post shared by  𝚟𝚜𝚌𝚘 𝚐𝚒𝚛𝚕𝚜🌊 (@vsco_inspirations101) on Sep 20, 2019 at 2:01pm PDT 
 A VSCO girl's identity is intrinsically linked to the material items she uses to express herself. So adorning your wrists with scrunchies, slipping your feet into Birkenstocks, and clutching a sticker-covered Hydro Flask are basics for anyone emulating this lifestyle. From there, you can opt for an oversized tie-dye tee or Brandy Melville tube top. Nike shorts come next, followed by accessories including a pooka shell choker, Pura Vida bracelets, and a metal straw. (Again, the turtles need saving!!) The look is at once simple, comfortable, effortless and yet somehow meticulously crafted from scrunchied head to Birkenstocked toe.
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet. If a VSCO girl is the TikTok manifestation of a California surfer girl, then an e-girl (the e stands for electronic) is her broodier, grittier brother or sister. (Yes, the e-boy subculture is alive and well.) Another difference between VSCO girls and and e-girls is that an e-girl is less defined by her fashion as she is her philosophy. That is, being hot and being on TikTok. There's a signature dance. A person can be transformed by entering an "e-girl factory" or drinking "e-girl juice." She's got a tough, goth-like appearance sprinkled with submissive features such as a choker or, in some cases, chains. Vox describes the trend this way: "To be an e-girl is to exist on a screen, mediated. You know an e-girl by her Twitch presence or the poses she makes on her Instagram, not by what she wears to school." 
 You spend most of your day on TikTok (or are killer at applying winged eyeliner).  Becoming an e-girl will take longer than the cool 15 seconds of TikTok can suggest. Beauty-wise you'll want to either commit to dying your hair or don a cosplay wig. Your makeup will include dark winged eyeliner and two tiny black hearts under each eye. Clothing-wise, a black sailor moon skirt and mesh, striped, long-sleeve shirt will anoint you a proper e-girl. To achieve the full effect, invest in a pair of knee-high socks and an o-ring choker. Even more important than the outfit, however, is that you document your transformation on TikTok. After all, an e-girl fails to exist outside the 15-second parameters of the app.
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet.  If you haven't heard "Old Town Road" blasted during every social gathering, awards show, and commercial since Lil Nas X's viral TikTok in December 2018, truly where have you been? In July, the song, which was jolted to success through the video app, broke the record for most weeks spent in the No. 1 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.  One major reason for that record-smashing number, which put 20-year-old Lil Nas X atop a record previously held by Mariah Carey, is the proliferation of the ear worm on TikTok. Memes typically include people going about their daily lives before Lil Nas X sings, "I got the horses in the back," which prompts a Western-wear transformation. The part-time cowboy has also made history as the first artist to ever come out while having a number-one record at the time. You've committed to listening to more than three of "Old Town Road's" numerous remixes. (If you haven't heard, he likes to release one from time to time...) I act like im ok but deep down inside i wanna release another old town road remix Luckily, the artist breaks down several items to secure to replicate his yeehawnsemble. He name checks a Gucci cowboy hat, boots, and Wrangler jeans. In May, Lil Nas X capitalized on the shoutout and designed his own line with Wrangler. So if you really want to commit to the part, it may be worth the investment. Other than that, you'll need a plaid shirt, cowboy hat, boots, and a lasso. As with the rapper's most ambitious outfits, the more bedazzled, sequined, or embellished, the better. All that's left to do is locate said Old Town Road to showcase your look.
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet.  Her real name is Anna Sorokin, but she's better known as the SoHo Grifter. Last year, Jessica Pressler penned a New York Magazine piece exposing the scammer claiming to be a German heiress with a $67 million trust fund. In reality, Sorokin was a master con artist from a lower-middle-class family in Russia, who faked her way into Manhattan's highest social circles and bilked restaurateurs, hoteliers, and socialites out of hundreds of thousands of dollars. One of her victims, former Vanity Fair photo editor Rachel DeLoache Williams, revealed in an interview with ELLE.com that Sorokin had "done her research" and "knew the right language" to fit in with the city's elite. DeLoache Williams also assisted in a sting operation to catch Sorokin, who was sentenced to four to 12 years in prison in May.  You got Anna Delvey on our quiz, "Which Scammer Are You According To Your Sign?" Sorokin had her own trial style-consultant (yes, really), a former Glamour magazine staffer named Anastasia Walker, who offered us insight into her client's now-infamous courtroom appearances earlier this year. The looks—which included a sheer black Saint Laurent top paired with Victoria Beckham trousers, and a plunging Michael Kors shift dress—were so popular they even garnered an Instagram account. "I really tried to focus on classic silhouettes and classic pieces in general," Walker told us. "It is mysterious chic, and although it's getting a lot of media attention, this is still her real life. People have made comments that she doesn't take life seriously, but to me black is just a strong and powerful color. It's serious."  In nearly all of her trial appearances, Sorokin donned her signature thick Céline frames and black choker necklace.
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet. Where to begin in the twisty tale that is the Caroline Calloway saga? The 27-year-old is one of Instagram's original influencers and has since become, in the words of The New York Times, "a fixture in the digital daily tours of some young, literary, edgy people, particularly women." She's also, some people allege, a world class con artist. In 2015, she sold a book for an advance of $375,000, which she never wrote. She's also organized "creativity workshops" that turned out to be total messes. In September, her Instagram caption ghostwriter (and brief maid) Natalie Beach penned a juicy exposé for The Cut about their lapsed friendship.  You can't keep away from Calloway's infamous Instagram account.   I hope reading what I write feels the way this photo looks: like we're best friends and I'm siting across the table from you after brunch. I'm telling stories, cracking jokes. Wry little smiles like this are frequent. Sarcasm abounds. Although maybe there is less fuck-me eyes going on because you're not @freddie.i and he's the one who took this photo. Which is to say: to those who left a comment on my last photo concerned our new story wouldn't have the old perks you've come to know and love and expect in a Calloway story (boys with accents, castles) don't worry. I hear you. I got you. In fact, @freddie.i 's got you even if that's not what he intended when he posted those shirtless photos on vacation two years ago. But I give you my permission to stalk them at your leisure. You're welcome. You're my best friends. And this and brunch and stories and jokes are what best friends are for. So onwards! Upwards! We have a new story ahead of us and there's no better feeling than that in the world. There will be boys with accents. There will be boys with accents in castles! How much though I won't say. Just wanted to let you know up front that your worries have been heard and handled and there is nothing but anticipation to look forward to. To Be Continued A post shared by  Caroline Calloway (@carolinecalloway) on Jan 29, 2017 at 5:59am PST This costume is pretty easy: It's all about the flower crown. At one of Calloway's events advertised as a "seminar," her online followers were invited to meet their idol IRL at a Brooklyn loft. The cost was $156. Originally, Calloway guaranteed that all attendees would receive a flower crown to—bear with me—learn "the secret to flower crowns." However, according to Buzzfeed, Calloway had other plans.  Pair your phony flower crown with a piece of art (Calloway is now making money as a visual artist), a selfie stick, and some blue plates.  
 The year 2019 has blessed us with an abundance of memes, sensational scammers, and viral celeb moments—all ripe for the picking this #SpookySzn. ELLE.com is here to help you win Hallowmeme with our complete guide to costumes for people who love the Internet.  Elizabeth Holmes is a Silicon Valley startup darling turned notorious scammer. Once described as the "next Steve Jobs" by Inc. magazine, Holmes founded a health-tech company called Theranos in 2003. She claimed to have invented a machine capable of running blood tests based on a single finger prick—a technology that would have revolutionized the medical world—only, it didn't work. The company was shut down last year after an FBI investigation and Holmes will go to trial in August 2020. Her wealth, once estimated by Forbes to be $4.5 billion, dropped to zero. The Theranos scandal has been turned into a book, hit podcast, and HBO documentary.  You got Elizabeth Holmes on our quiz, "Which Scammer Are You According To Your Sign?" Recreating the beleaguered entrepreneur's look is a relatively low lift, especially for any black turtleneck owners. While still head of Theranos, Holmes wore one to the office every day, prompting an investigative feature into the sartorial choice from The New York Times. We actually spoke to the woman who convinced Holmes to make it her signature, a Theranos staffer named Ana Arriola, who claims her ex-boss was, "enamored with the style and iconic silhouette of Steve Jobs." For Halloween this year, compliment a Holmes-esque black turtleneck with thick black eyeliner (applied unevenly) and carry around a tiny test tube filled with fruit punch to emulate the infamous vials of blood fed into Theranos machines. Top it all off with a bleachy blonde wig (also the subject of much investigation).  
 Her wardrobe embodies the brand's whimsical DNA. In a bi-weekly series, we're interviewing female executives, founders, CEOs—basically, boss ladies—on their "power suit" a.k.a. the outfit they wear every day for easy dressing to conquer whatever the job throws at them. 
  As the Creative Director of Kate Spade New York, Nicola Glass oversees all of the brand's product categories from ready-to-wear and accessories to home decor and bedding. Glass joined the company in 2018 (prior to this, she was at Michael Kors) and since then, has produced three successful runway collections—and counting.  Her most recent lineup, spring 2020, took place in an intimate garden at New York Fashion Week, where she showed a brilliant array of floral dresses, buttery leather pieces, and vibrant-colored handbags.   "One of my first jobs out of college was with Gucci," she says. "There I was designing handbags and jewelry, so I think this background has continued to serve me well. It gives you an acute sense of detail." This eye for detail, plus years of expertise as a designer, has given Glass all the tools she needs to stay true to the brand's whimsical DNA while also moving the brand forward, enticing a fashion-oriented crowd. One notable fan of the brand is Pippa Middleton, who donned this floral blue dress for Lady Gabriella Windsor's wedding back in May 2019.  "None of us had any idea Pippa would wear that dress to the wedding," says Glass. "She bought that dress herself, so sometimes you never know when or if they will even wear it. Everyone was thrilled when that photo came out of course. I thought she looked beautiful and it was an exciting moment for the team here."     Pippa is one of many famous faces who can be found in Kate Spade New York. Glass's runway shows are always packed with editors and stars alike, including Emma Roberts, Sadie Sink, and Emmy-winner Julia Garner. Glass designs clothes that millions of women love to wear, but what does she personally put on when she heads to the office? Yes her wardrobe is filled with Kate Spade New York goodies—I don't blame her—but, here, she also divulges her vintage-shopping addiction and how her work and weekend uniforms differ.   "Two mornings a week I work out with a trainer, which is important for me because it sets the tone for the day. The other mornings, I get up around 6:30 a.m. and walk my son Flynn to the bus stop—his bus stop is two blocks from our apartment in Dumbo, Brooklyn. We spend time together by having breakfast at a cafe nearby while he sits by the window to watch for the bus. Then I take the taxi into work for a quiet moment to myself, where I look over my schedule for the day and check my emails. I get into the office between 8 a.m. and 9 a.m then it's usually back-to-back meetings with groups like our design teams, marketing/public relations teams, or the store design teams. No two days are the same for me." "I've always loved color and ever since I joined Kate, I've been even wearing more color than I am used to. I say for work, I do keep it a little more polished, but still comfortable and easy. I'm definitely more casual on the weekends, since I'm running after my son and trying to keep up with him on his scooter. For those days, I am more likely to have on a summer dress or something more relaxed." "I don't wear head-to-toe Kate Spade every day because I like to mix it up. If I am wearing the brand, I'll either go for a dress that's quite easy to put on or I'll wear a silk/fun knit top with some more tailored pants. My style is always a mix of feminine and masculine. I don't ever wear sneakers to work, so it's a mix of heels and boots. Today, for example, I am wearing a shirtdress from our collection and it's in this fun floral print. I'll have a light blazer or jacket thrown over my shoulders if it needs layering. I also love denim as a fabric and I like it when the denim is slightly more tailored or unexpected, like a denim dress or more fitted denim pants. For jewelry, I am always conscious of throwing on a few pieces before I walk out the door. I like to mix metals and wear pieces like studded leather bracelets or incorporate a belt into my outfit [as another form of accessorizing]. I love designers like Phoebe Philo, Ossie Clarke, and Dries Van Noten. I also tend to wear a lot of vintage pieces—I have this cream dress by Karl Lagerfeld  from his Chloé era and it's so easy to style. I have a person in Milan who DMs me Instagram photos of pieces, and L.A. is also a great place for shopping vintage."  "Feminine, confident, and easy." "Someone once told me 'it's not who you are that is holding you back, it's who you think you're not,' and that just always reminds me to believe in myself. Sometimes you have to do stuff outside of your comfort zone and just take that leap." 
 For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 
From: Marie Claire US

 Millie Bobby Brown is your normal 15-year-old girl—save for the hit Netflix show Stranger Things, fashion campaigns, red carpet moments, and most recently, her own beauty brand. But sitting across from me at the Four Seasons hotel in New York, she's just a regular teen. “I’m really into Lizzo right now,” she tells me, when I ask about her song of the moment. “‘Better in Color’—love that song! I look at her Instagram on the daily.”    kisses n hugs ♡☁️ A post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Sep 9, 2019 at 3:52pm PDT  Brown is particularly savvy on Instagram where her 29.6 million followers track her expertly-taken selfies, behind-the-scenes moments with her Stranger Things castmates, and updates on her latest projects. Her newest venture, a partnership with Pandora Jewelry as the face of their line Pandora Me, comes on the heels of the official announcement of Stranger Things 4. ELLE caught up with the multi-talented teen to talk fan theories, filming season 3, and what's next. I was nine or 10 when I lived in California and my best friend and I were in a mall and I went into my first-ever Pandora store. I had never purchased my own thing before. We bought the matching charms and slowly became obsessed with it. For Christmas, my grandparents got me a different charm every year. I was always a really big fan of Pandora. I found it unique and different because it's not just this one particular piece of jewelry, you can actually add what you want to.   #PandoraMe launches globally today and now you can customize your @theofficialpandora look based on what you love and what makes you, you!  2 of my favorite charms that have special meaning to me: The MOON charm (because the first blue moon in 2004 was on Feb 19 which is the day I was born!) and the GIRL SIGN charm (because we are strong, powerful and beautiful human beings). Can’t wait to see how you customize yours!! #PandoraXMillieBobbyBrown  #PandoraPartner A post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Oct 3, 2019 at 7:06am PDT You know what the funny thing is? I was walking around saying, "Oh yeah, season 4? We're filming it next year. Yeah, yeah. And then I realized, Oh, we haven't even confirmed it!" I looked at my Instagram [and saw the announcement], and I was like, "Well would you look at that." None of us really knew that it was not actually [announced]. We were like, "Oh okay, we shouldn't have said that." So now I'm keeping my mouth shut on all things Stranger Things.   We're Not In Hawkins Anymore A post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Sep 30, 2019 at 9:06am PDT I hope she finds who she is, without a boy, a male influence in her life. There's Mike and Papa and Hopper and all the boys really. Even without Max⁠, she needs to find herself by herself. Everyone needs that moment in life to sit there and think, "Who am I as a person, who am I without everyone around me? How can I really love myself?" I don't know if she knows how to do that yet. So I would like an arc for Eleven to learn how to love herself and learn who she is, which is hard in the circumstances she's in. I think that she needs a little self journey.  oh hi... Stranger Things 3 is out... u should most definitely go watch it like rn... bye for 8 hours ✨ A post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Jul 4, 2019 at 12:13am PDT Not really. I was pissed! I read the script and I was like, "What, how is this even possible? Why are they moving away?" They were like "Didn't you read episode 3?" And I was like, "Oh yeah." Because Joyce said she wanted to move away from Hawkins. I don't know, I just felt really against it. When we were filming it, all of us kids said to each other, "So how are we all going to cry?" Because we don't really cry in front of each other very often. I usually am the one who's crying in every single scene and the kids have to deal with me listening to [sad] music and they're like, "Oh God." I thought, are we all going to go off and listen to music? And then one of the kids was like, "Imagine if we have to do this for real one day." And we were like, “What do you mean?" And they were like, "What if, when Stranger Things is over, we'll all have to say goodbye to each other and like this is it." And we all started crying and then they rolled camera and said action. And that was it. We all started saying goodbye to each other. We felt too real. I'm pretty sure it was either Sadie [Sink] or Gaten [Matarazzo]. But I remember they said it and we all started crying. And then when we were saying goodbye to each other, hugging, Mike and I were hugging. I mean obviously we have to act, but afterwards we felt like it was really real. So it was actually a real raw emotional scene.  who are those frozen women?? A post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Jul 6, 2019 at 11:22am PDT I kind of like it! I'm into it. I wasn't playing it like that. We don't know what happens in season 4. I definitely don't. In scenes after the Mind Flayer grabbed me, I wasn't playing it as I was infected. I was definitely playing it as normal as possible. And maybe that's the reason they didn't tell me. To make it as real as possible. I don't know. Those theories freak me out a bit. Because I'm like, "Oh god, that could genuinely be true." And what if she is the villain? That would be so cool. Wouldn't that be cool? I'd love to be the villain, but then I also wouldn't because Eleven is perfect. It would suck. 11. Just the number. And a heart charm for Mike.  throwback to the crazy memories of ST S3... (2nd  pic I'm holding my leg... watch episode 7...) bye for now 🖤☁️ A post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Aug 29, 2019 at 1:59am PDT I love music, but I never know what's going on there… I have a few [songs], but I'm too scared! It's so scary. There are so many people that go into the acting industry and then the music industry. I think you can do it right if you do it right. So, I don't know. I'm waiting for that. But for me, I'm directing, producing. [That’s] the way I want to go. I like to boss people around. Just kidding. 
 Hello, lover. No one forgets their first pair of Jimmy Choos. The luxury accessories brand has dressed everyone from Princess Diana (she had a close relationship with the designer) to Hollywood stars like Beyoncé and Selena Gomez. It has a ubiquitous presence on every red carpet—which is why the brand's latest collab makes total sense.  Jimmy Choo partnered up with Net-a-Porter to create an exclusive capsule collection of red carpet staples totaling thirteen pieces. "The collection was inspired by the confidence and glamour leading ladies exude when walking the red carpet, mixed with the idea of fantasy," said Creative Director Sandra Choi in a statement. "Each style has a femininity, seductiveness, and the finesse of couture." The collection, which consists of ten pairs of shoes and three evening handbags, all feature distinct designs. There is always something to draw the eye, whether it be rhinestoned straps or wispy feathers at the heel. The handbags mirror the gala-worthy shoes and come in versatile black styles embellished with crystals and bows. The pieces don't have to be reserved strictly for the red carpet though: You can easily wear any of the items to a charity function, on your birthday, to that upcoming fall wedding...or for a glass of wine in your own apartment. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 
From: Marie Claire US

 One of the season’s most talked-about extras? Bright, whimsical bags in the most unruly of faux fur. Top: Handbag, Chanel. Throughout, Faux Fur Scrappy Collectibles, House of Fluff. This article originally appeared in the September 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 In ELLE.com's Style Files we ask our most stylish friends how they got that way.  With more than 5 million followers on Instagram, a New York Times best selling book, and a Revolve-backed clothing line under her belt, it's safe to say that Aimee Song is more than just a blogger. Song is an OG influencer who's transitioned to full-blown mogul, all while maintaining a surprisingly grounded outlook. In this installment of Style Files, we touch base with her to learn more about her personal style icons, getting dressed in a hurry, and why she looks back at old street style photos with a bit of regret. Get ready as fast as you can, but still look polished and make it look like you didn't try too hard. When it comes to everyday style, I definitely have my go tos and like to be casual but still polished since I'm constantly meeting people.  I love Uniqlo and also love the collaboration between Hanes and stylist Karla Welch. L'Agence's denim is a basic for me too because they're so stretchy and comfy while still maintaining their shape. I also love Grlfrnd denim. Another basics brand that's becoming a wardrobe staple for me is Wardrobe NYC. My airport outfit is always their black sweatshirt and biker shorts and their Adidas Yung One sneakers. My mom was always into fashion and I remember when she first DIY'd a pair of ripped jeans for me when I was in elementary school. People at school made so much fun of me for "looking homeless," but I loved it.  Denim and a sweater with an oversized blazer. That combo is so easy and so timeless.  I love Christine Centenera's style since it's so uniquely her. I look at old street style photos of her and still get inspired. I also love Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's style. She always looks put together yet effortless. Bianca Jagger's style back in the '70s and '80s was great too. So strong and colorful yet sexy without being obvious. My Margiela glam slam bag that looks like a pillow. When I first saw it, I thought it was ridiculous and wasn't sure how to wear it, but now I love it so much.  I like how powerful I feel in heels because I'm not that tall. My body posture is better [in them, too] but let's be honest, I prefer no heels. Always rushed but somehow I make it work. I tend to go back and forth with what shoes to wear and I pile on my everyday jewelry as I'm leaving the house. I don't feel as bad about it now since I don't wear stilettos, but I used to have these amazing Balenciaga cork high heel sandals that I got after seeing the Olsen twins in them years and years ago. I had saved for months to get the shoes and got lucky and bought them on sale. Then my dog Charcoal got sick one day and needed surgery. I had to sell them through my blog since I was on a college student budget. Some of the Louis Vuitton pieces I have especially from Nicolas Ghesquière's first few seasons with Louis Vuitton. Nicolas has been one of my absolute favorite designers since his Balenciaga days (I even snuck into his first Vuitton show!). A lot of my Self Portrait dresses from Han's first collection are also pretty sentimental. Even though I don't have any space for my ever growing Self-Portrait collection, I'm keeping all of the first few collections because I have so many great memories attached to them.   Wearing uncomfortable heels in the snow or trying too hard during fashion week especially when I first started doing New York Fashion Week. Looking back at the photos, I look uncomfortable and I look like I'm trying way too hard.  
 The collaboration officially drops on November 7th.  Giambattista Valli is all about making an entrance, whether it's gowns in eye-catching prints, or a mini dress with an unforgettable train. So, it's no surprise that to debut his collaboration with H&M, he tapped Kendall Jenner, Chiara Ferragni, and H.E.R. to show off dresses from his limited-edition drop at the epic amfAR gala during Cannes Film Festival. But that was really just a small taste of what was to come. The full Giambattista Valli x H&M collection will finally be available on November 7th. The Italian designer weaves his signature romantic, luxe bohemian styles into pieces that won't break the bank—and are perfect for the holiday party circuit.  Below, we chatted with the designer about his process in creating the affordable collection, plus see all the women's looks from the lookbook.  I was very humbled when H&M approached me. I don't think that H&M knocks on the door of every designer– but they came to mine and it is an exciting moment for the Maison. Besides the honor of being asked and being in excellent company with past designers, I was extremely happy that this collaboration would allow me to share my love for beauty with an even broader audience and make the biggest number of people happy wearing my creations for special moments in their lives. I love creating beautiful, extraordinary pieces for the Valli Boys and Girls around the world and I am excited at the idea that they will be able to afford and collect something so unique, with the distinct silhouette that defines the DNA of my brand. The design process was certainly very different —with H&M being so industrial, the fabrics and the techniques have been adapted to a lower price point. I see this collaboration more of another chapter than a 'best of' in the history of Giambattista Valli, with the collection being adapted to embrace the H&M customer while still conveying the spirit of Giambattista Valli and remaining 100% honest when it comes to the shapes, silhouettes and attitude.  From conception to execution was in no way different from when I sit down at my desk with a blank piece of paper in front of me: after that moment of introspection, I start sketching. What comes after is just about careful selection to use the best ingredients to make what I had imagined turn into reality. This time was no different with the exception that I knew I would have the H&M customer joining my other clients. What I was adamant about it that like any of my collections the whole collaboration had to be executed with perfection in mind and the details of each piece is proven in the results. The collaboration was great way to understand how the Maison Giambattista Valli is perceived. It was a challenge to create and deliver the universe of Giambattista Valli on such a large scale but now seeing the amazing reaction to the first limited-edition drop, with people around the world sharing their beautiful moments in life wearing Giambattista Valli x H&M looks, and considering the reach of the collaboration announcement on social media exceeding more than half a billion people, it surprised me as much as it made me happiest to bring the Valli dream to a larger group of friends through this collaboration. I love every single piece of the collection, to me they feel like unique collector pieces rather than throw-away garments produced based on trends. They are timeless and meant to be kept in one’s wardrobe, to mix and match to the customer’s personal style, embracing their personality, which is also an approach in line with a very important concept that all of us in the industry should embrace :sustainability. I truly treasure the span of offering and the variety of pieces from this collection : from street and daywear to evening and party looks, customers can enjoy the world of Giambattista Valli. I am also very proud of having approached menswear for the first time with this collaboration, although I always design for characters, regardless of their gender. Freedom of expression is the ultimate luxury, not the value of the price tag ! Ideas come from my muse, which is my curiosity, my travels and my culture, which is stored inside of me, inside the archives of my own mind. They are there and I visit them to pick up whatever inspires the moment I am living in. It has been a constant progress of evolution. It is important to translate my vision of  contemporaneity through a narrative, I never forget when I create that there is always someone—a friend, a client, a muse, someone I notice in my wandering—who will be the final recipient of this piece and its original ideas being my creation.  That is something that never happens to me. On the contrary, I’m someone with too many ideas. The most interesting moment in my process is when I find myself in front of a blank piece of paper and start to sketch, in the beginning of every collection; It is then that I entangle, tidy up and pick from the many references in my mind to create a narrative.  Although I love to travel and discover new cultures and countries and continue to do so every time I can, the ultimate luxury in today’s world to me is privacy, so I share and cherish these special moments each summer with my family and closest friends in Italy. My happy times. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 While promoting his upcoming Netflix film The King, Timothée Chalamet has ascended a different kind of throne—as ruler of the red carpet. Amid the flashing bulbs of photographers, the Oscar nominee stepped out in sparkles for the movie's London Film Festival premiere on Thursday. The rest of Chalamet's ensemble was kept simple with a pair of dark slacks and his signature tousled locks (bowl cut, begone!). However, the Louis Vuitton hoodie was the main event. It appears to be made with a midnight blue velvet material and is completely covered in sequins. He walked the red carpet alongside co-stars Joel Edgerton and Lily-Rose Depp (also his yacht make out partner). Is he channeling a figure skater? A Disney Channel star? All I know is that this look would have killed at a Jonas Brothers concert circa 2007. It's a bold move, but one that Chalamet has actually ventured to make before. Lest you forget, the actor wore a bedazzled custom Louis Vuitton harness to the Golden Globes in January. On Tuesday, he attended The King's New York premiere clad in a black Givenchy suit paired with a neon yellow turtleneck.  The movie, which follows Chalamet as a young King Henry V, won't be available on Netflix until November 1, so fans can expect his fashion reign to continue over the next month of press engagements. Whether it's a floral suit or glittery hoodie, we have no choice but to bow down to Chalamet's singular style.
 Sure we love an outrageous runway look, but often times the best style moments happen off the catwalk. That's why ELLE.com's resident photographer, Tyler Joe, is on the ground at Paris Fashion Week capturing the best outfits, courtesy of models off duty, top influencers, and fashion industry leaders (including our very own editors). Get inspired, ahead. 
 At Cup Match weekend, held annually on the weekend nearest to August 1st on the island of Bermuda, Bermudians gather to celebrate the 1834 emancipation of Black slaves on the island.  Among its main events is a friendly cricket game between rival teams, Somerset and St. George’s, an epic turn up called Non-Mariners boat day, and a general sense of pride coursing through the island's veins . It's no wonder then that Pyer Moss designer, Kerby Jean-Raymond, chose that weekend as the backdrop for his latest creative shoot featuring Collection 3 "American, Also." With a continuing a mission to show his collection in locations with predominately black audiences, Jean-Raymond chose the small island.  "We've focused on black Americans for the past three collections, and now the broader conversations of blackness globally," Jean-Raymond told me over the phone. "After we went to Nigeria earlier in the year, I wanted to continue touring our collections and spreading that message of self-love, and pride in our accomplishments throughout history. We plan on continuing to show our collections, and re-show the runways in different markets that are predominately black, like we did in Nigeria and Haiti, and now Bermuda. Bermuda was the first stop for collection three, that was outside of the American market." While the weekend included three days of fun (all planned by Bermudian native, Hollywood stylist and costume designer Shiona Turini), "the most clear takeaway from being in Bermuda was being in a space where we don't have to worry about the angst of racism," says Jean-Raymond. "I haven't felt that since I've been to Cuba. I didn't feel black, I just felt like a person. I think that's the luxury of being around black people and being in and of your own." He finished, "it's a weird sensation to be free."  Read on to learn more from Jean-Raymond about the shooting Collection 3. "What Micaiah shot was beautiful because it was on Bermudian models. When we were casting, what I found interesting was Shiona actually didn't send me pictures, she told me, 'Oh, this person is a cool cricket player. This person has started this organization.' I didn't see the people's faces. I was like, 'Okay' and we just picked them from there." —Kerby Jean-Raymond "When I got the pictures I was like, 'Oh, this is fire.' This wasn't even a physical contest, it was like, 'I like these people because they do this and this for Bermuda, and they make sense for Bermuda.' It just turned out to be great. It was very comfortable for once, not looking at ourselves through a white lens." —Kerby Jean-Raymond "A lot of times when we cast in America, we cast the black people that have the best European features. Casting in Bermuda wasn't in comparison to white people. It was just normal black, good looking people, and that was amazing." —Kerby Jean-Raymond
 2018 was the year chunky dad sneakers and '90s mules, but 2019 is taking a step in a different direction. Don't take our word for it—we took inspiration directly from the fall 2019 runways to see what your favorite designers are suggesting this season. Trade in your basic ankle boots for clunky platforms courtesy of Prada, explore evening shoes with a bedazzled pump like Tom Ford, and trim your shoes in shearling a la Chanel.  Check out the seven hottest shoe trends of the season, with options to shop at every price point ahead.  Nothing makes you want to stomp around more than a combat boot. We saw classic styles at Alexander Mcqueen, but Prada took it next level by combining the rugged boot with the teeny purse trend. Their ankle-bag boots (center) are sure to be an influencer fave.  Left to right: Dior, Prada, Alexander McQueen Dainty heels are getting embellished to the max this season. Pumps bedazzled with bows, crystals and ribbons can amp-up the simplest LBD for your next fall wedding, but they will also look great with jeans.  Left to right: Miu Miu, Versace, Tom Ford.  Whether you're down for reptile or want to get wild with zebra, designers are exploring a zoo's worth of animal prints. In other words, there's a skin for every style. Left to right: Altuzarra, Zimmermann, and Michael Kors Collection Knee-high boots do not get enough love, but this season nothing is chicer than cool cognac. The classic style goes great with almost any daytime look, so explore boot options in tanned chestnut, faux croc, and more.  Left to right: Tory Burch, Saint Laurent, Max Mara  We discussed just how square-toed shoes are taking over our closet, and the trend is not slowing down. Bottega Veneta reigns as the leader of the angular shoe, but you cop the style at any budget, silhouette, and heel height.  Left to right: Proenza Schouler, Bottega Veneta, Nina Ricci Winter trim received the designer treatment, so stay warm in shearling-lined boots...or pumps, as seen at Off-White. If you're not ready to say goodbye to open-toed footwear, Birkenstock revamped their iconic Arizona sandals in fluffy shearling too.  Left to right: Sacai, Chanel, Off-White The sky is the limit this season, specifically in ultra-stacked-sole boots. These cyber goth platforms were seen at all our favorite runway shows, but the Instagram-favorite style belongs to Simon Miller (ahead). Left to right: Stella McCartney, Longchamp, Dries Van Noten $670
 Paris Fashion Week is in full swing and it is fashion's raison d'être. As one of the top style capitals in the world it boasts all the chicest brands Saint Laurent and Christian Dior, and ELLE.com is on the ground reporting from all of them. Click through to see our favorite looks, and make sure to check back for updates as PFW continues.  According to creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli, this season was dedicated to a "study on withdrawing in order to focus on shapes and volume." Hence starting the show with 12 all-white looks that involved some play on the white shirt. Fashioned as a wrap dress, a tunic, a dreamy feathery blouse and more, many were paired with white shorts and wrap sandals. An amuse bouche of sorts before we got into the color-play Piccioli is so well known for. Lime green and guava gowns broke up the string of white looks before giving way to a parade of stunning floral gowns and solid sunset orange top and bottom pairings. Overall this season felt more wearable, though Piccioli’s masterful technique still shone through. Nothing was relaxed, per se, but certainly less stiff. And as we come to the end of the spring 2020 show season, Piccioli’s collection was just the injection of joy the tired fashion set needed. —Nikki Ogunnaike
 On the sixth day of Paris Fashion Week, an unwelcome prankster in a tweed suit darted onto the Chanel catwalk set under the beautiful art nouveau arches of the Grand Palais at the Champs-Élysées.  Her name is Marie Benoliel, better known as Marie S'Infiltre, a self-described YouTube "infiltrator" who creates comedic videos to mock French bourgeoisie.  Except, the crowd of Chanel-clad fashion editors, influencers, and celebrities in attendance Tuesday morning didn't find the stunt—which Benoliel bragged she pulled just to prove she could—funny. In fact, to some the disruption was unsettling. "I got a little scared when homegirl flew out there," Cardi B. admitted after the show.  In a split-second reactionary move described by Bella Hadid as "iconic," a miffed Gigi Hadid steered the unwelcome interloper off the stage. Chanel collaborator Carine Roitfeld also praised the model's heroics, writing on Instagram: "Gigi saves the finale of the Chanel show from a catwalk crasher!"  When reached via email by ELLE.com, Benoliel complains that Hadid was "quite aggressive" to her, but refused to reveal what was actually said during their confrontation. Benoliel does say she thought Hadid might pull her hair and yell "as if we were school girls." However video evidence shows the model reacting like a calm bodyguard of sorts, placing a hand on Benoliel's shoulder and guiding her to the exit. "She clearly did not understand my comic approach," says Benoliel. "Gigi is obviously sublime and a fashion icon and I understand her reaction somewhat and continue to love her in spite of that." gigi hadid was the best guard of the chanel show. pic.twitter.com/o3HcJmk1Ry Benoliel's outfit, a black and white two-piece she claims is vintage Chanel, came from her mother's closet. They both share, she says, a deep respect for the brand. The prank, she insists, was actually done as a "tribute."  "What I do is an exhaustive satire about our society," says Benoliel, who cites Borat star Sacha Baron Cohen as her inspiration.  "I immerse myself in public events or situations... to show how funny some situations and sometimes extreme behaviors are. I am not making fun of people, I am pointing how silly some people can be when they lack distance and thinking."  This wasn't her first stunt this Paris Fashion Week. Last week, she strutted down lingerie brand Etam's catwalk and uploaded a clip to YouTube, where it's been viewed over 169,000 times. Benoliel has developed a large following both on YouTube (228,000 subscribers) and Instagram (202,000 followers), where she posts proof of her controversial stunts and all of which have received mixed responses.  Her "infiltration" of a Gay Pride parade received backlash on YouTube for being insulting to the LGBTQ+ community. Her response? "The video is both a crude caricature of homophobic behavior... and deals with humor with the exuberance inherent in the Pride, its freedom and its eccentricity.”  When she crashed a Burning Man orgy in 2017, a Burner started a petition to have her remove a clip of it. "Absolutely appalled by the woman who made this," wrote someone on the petition's page. Another called it "disgraceful and disrespectful."   Thanks to Hadid, Benoliel was halted before she could further derail the momentous occasion for Karl Lagerfeld’s successor Virginie Viard, who was described by ELLE's fashion features director Véronique Hyland in last year's December issue as his "secret weapon." Viard was named Chanel's new head designer back in February and Tuesday's show was her first ready-to-wear collection. Before he died, Lagerfeld, speaking to Hyland, described his relationship with Viard as "essential, doubled by a very real friendship and affection.”  Benoliel plays coy about how she managed to sneak into the Grand Palais event: "I left as I came, as a chameleon." But because she was dressed in the brand's signature monochrome tweed, it's entirely possible she was able to evade security upon entering just by blending in. According to a Chanel spokesperson, after she was caught, Benoliel was “escorted to the exit by our security personnel.”  When asked if she plans to make this an annual stunt, Benoliel says "Why not?" but remains mum on which brand she'll target at Paris Fashion Week 2020. With all the attention she's receiving, it'll be much harder to go incognito next year.   Gigi hadid when she saw the woman walk onto the runway  pic.twitter.com/I3ZrEkqeTX 
 As a self-proclaimed fall-hater (fight me), I just don't get autumnal dressing. Fall requires layers, with piles of coats, jackets, shirts, socks, scarves, until you're sweating. The one favorable exception to fall is the chance to wear a cozy sweater. It works as a standalone item that can handle unpredictable weather, and even I admit they look great against a pumpkined backdrop. The fall runway season explored new silhouettes, too, so you won't tire of wearing the same one each day. Click through to see the biggest hits in knitwear, ahead.  A simple cashmere sweater is a closet must. Our fave belongs to Everlane, and comes in seventeen versatile colors.  This season, nothing is sexier than a sweater that your grandma (or a toddler) would wear. Try one in cotton candy hues embellished in pompoms, with no shirt underneath.  Sleeves? Who needs them. This editor-favorite tank top is made from a thick knit, meaning you could go braless and layer it under a blazer for work.  A giant turtleneck is a fall requirement. This one is chic enough to wear out, but cozy enough to stay in.  Find yourself near a bonfire this fall? Here's the sweater you'll want to wear as you 'gram every flicker. Show a little clavicle with an off-the-shoulder style.  If you're missing cleavage during fall—RIP bralette tanks—try one with a plunging neckline.  #NewBottega is all the rage, and this sweater is proof as to why. Instead of the dated bejeweled knitwear, try something trimmed in gold chains for added shine.   There's no need to stick to fall neutrals, or worse yet anything PSL-toned. A punchy color like electric purple is just what this season is missing.  You can style this over a tank top and jeans, or wear it alone as a dress.  The camp trend is strong this fall, but Isabel Marant gave it a modern twist with puffed shoulders and balloon sleeves.  A feminine wrap top can be worn from the office to date night.  A colored polo shirt is the key to nailing the prep trend this fall, but a palm tree makes this ideal for those who miss summer (because fall drools). 
 October is Breast Cancer Awareness month, and your favorite brands are rolling out the goods that support the cause. Shop the products ahead and you'll be making a donation to organizations like Bright Pink, Fashion Fights Cancer, the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, and more. All with a click.  If you shop Eberjey's curated assortment of pink products, 20% of your purchase will go toward the Breast Cancer Research Foundation. Styles range from $18-$148 at Eberjey.com Rihanna's lingerie company Savage x Fenty created a VIP box of lacy pink styles to benefit Thrivers, a group of young women living with aggressive forms of breast cancer. A portion of each product sold will be support Thrivers via the Clara Lionel Foundation. Savage X Thrivers Xtra VIP Box, $59.95 at SavageX.com In support of Breast Cancer Awareness, up to $50 will be donated to BCRF for each item purchased from the 6-piece Love Collection. Styles range from $85-250 at NakedCashmere.com  10% of proceeds from this posture-correcting bra will benefit the Jimmy V Foundation, which has provided over $225 million in research grants since its founding. Arya Scoop Neck Smart Posture Bra, $188 at IFGFit.com 20% of the profits from a special print in the new Bold Beauty collection of WetBrush Pro Detangler will support BCRF. Blushing Boldly WetBrush Pro Detangler, $14.99 at Ulta.com For the tenth year in a row, Aerie is partnering with Bright Pink. 100% of sales of a limited edition sports bra, legging and sweatshirt will be donated. Styles range from $34.95-$44.95 at Ae.com  Go Dash Dot partnered with Fashion Fights Cancer to create a limited tote. 20% of all proceeds will benefit the nonprofit, which supports cancer patients and survivors. Fashion Fights Cancer Easy Tote, $188 at GoDashDot.com Athletic Propulsion Labs has a limited-edition  TechLoom Wave running shoe for breast cancer awareness month. 20% of the gross sales within the year will be donated to the Women’s Cancer Research Fund.  APL TechLoom Wave in Soft Pink, $225 at AthleticPropulsionLabs.com  All month long, Veronica Beard will donate $10 from every order to BCRF. Also be sure to check out VB Edit, where women are sharing their own stories with breast cancer. Styles range in price, VeronicaBeard.com Stella & Dot is donating 20% of the purchase price of pink products to Bright Pink, a leading breast and ovarian health organization. Styles range from $9-$149 at StellaDot.com  25% of each item's purchase in this collection goes to Pink Pony's international network of charities, including Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and the Ralph Lauren Center for Cancer Care. Styles range in price at RalphLauren.com With a dual purchase of a pack of canned Bev rosé and an Outdoor Voices bra, 25% of the proceeds will go toward Bright Pink. 6 pack of Bev & OV Crop Top, $79 at DrinkBev.com With the purchase of any one of 5 styles in their capsule collection, Aquatalia will donate 10% to the National Breast Cancer Foundation from October 1-31.  Styles range from $195-$495 at Aquatalia.com AnaOno bras are specifically made for women who have had breast reconstruction, breast surgery, mastectomies or any condition requiring a comfortable fit. And this month, they're donating 10% of every full-priced purchase to Living Beyond Breast Cancer, a trusted resource for education and a community of support. Styles range in price, AnaOno.com BeYOUtiful organizes volunteer days for salons as well as creates and donates wigs for cancer patients. Proceeds from their merchandise benefit the BeYOUtiful Foundation.  BeYOUtiful pullover hoodie, $45 at BeYoutiful.com All CUUP bras are non-carcinogenic and feature patented 360 flex wire that moves with you and lays flat instead of digging into you. In October, CUUP is contributing 20% of sales from their Demi Bra in blush to BCRF.  CUUP Demi Bra, $68 at ShopCuup.com A whopping 50% of the purchase of this customizable notebook goes to BCRF. Shop their site for more styles. Styles range in price, ErinCondren.com Athleta developed the Empower bra and Empower pads for post-mastectomy women. The pads offer a more light-weight option than current prosthetics for women who choose to be active after their mastectomies. The pads slide easily into Athleta's Empower bra. Athleta is donating 1,000 bras to UCSF’s Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center and 4,000 bras to the Mayo clinic for post-mastectomy women. Athleta Empower Bra, $54 at Athleta.com  
 Celebrities such as Cardi B, Maisie Williams, and Camila Cabello are shifting heads from Paris's spring/summer 2020 runways and to the front row. See who's sitting front row and what they're wearing stage-side, ahead. At Chanel. At Chanel At Chanel At Chanel At Chanel At Chanel At Miu Miu At Miu Miu At Miu Miu At Miu Miu At Miu Miu At Agnes B. At Giambattista Valli At Stella McCartney At Stella McCartney At Stella McCartney At Stella McCartney At Stella McCartney At Valentino At Valentino At Valentino At Valentino At Valentino At Valentino At Valentino At Dior At Dior At Dior At Dior At Dior
 Everyone is doing it.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. You’ve seen it on celebs, on the street, and on the runways—the bra as a top is officially a thing. But before you throw on any old bra with any old look, you need to master these important tricks: 1). It’s all about how you style it. Layering is a must, whether it’s a blazer or a sheer top. 2). The type of bra is key—and don’t go for a push-up. Victoria’s Secret’s Fishnet Lace Long bra is minimal enough to look like more like a crop top, which is the vibe you want.  For the freshest ways to wear it, we asked stylist Lindsay Grosswendt for some help. Above, watch her take on three ways to style the bra—for the weekend, a night out and—yes, even for the office. Model wears:  Look 1: Victoria's Secret PJ pants and top; Look 2: The Frankie Shop skirt and dress, Edas purse, Miista sandals, Legier necklace, Another Feather earrings; Look 3: H&M top and pants, Nicholas Kirkwood heels, Another Feather earrings, L'afshar handbag; Look 4: Nomia blazer and boots, Eve jeans, L'afshar handbag, Legier necklace, Hermina Athens necklace  
 This season, take a shot in the dark. In the age of IG, as the fashion flock competes for one another’s eyes (electric-hued paillettes! head-to-toe tie-dye! pastel plumage!), standing out from the pack may seem like a lost cause.  But perhaps making a mark on streets and screens alike doesn't have to be so difficult (or downright dizzying). Rather than piling on clashing hues, why not simply steer clear of color altogether?  That’s right: black—the ultimate sartorial palette cleanser—is back. But rest assured, it need not mean boring nor somber. This season, the obsidian shade comes in epic proportions with tantalizing texture and bold graphics. Wear it from top to bottom, or even with a splash of white. Welcome to the dark side.  Today’s trousers—replete with extra wide legs and streetwear-inspired lettering—speak equal parts cool and comfort when worn with a tucked-in tee. Vera Wang corded embroidery t-shirt, $475; farfetch.com, Vera Wang wide leg trousers, $1500; farfetch.com, Lele Sadoughi black woven headband, $49; lelesadoughi.com, Leigh Miller earrings, $380; leighmiller.us Balance this LBD’s up-to-there hemline with slightly sheer knee-high socks and exaggerated sleeves that go the extra mile.  Vera Wang knit sleeve dress, $2250; farfetch.com, Bresciani semi-sheer thigh-high socks, $89.50; luxuryclothing.com, Church's shoes, church-footwear.com,  Louise Olsen earrings, $430; dinosaurdesigns.com  No longer just for summer or sport, teeny tiny shorts find an evening-worthy edge this fall thanks to a floor-grazing cape and sculptural hoops. Vera Wang shirt, verawang.com, Vera Wang fitted shorts, $650; farfetch.com, Vera Wang detachable hood felt cape, $3500; farfetch.com, Bresciani semi-sheer thigh-high socks, $89.50; luxuryclothing.com, Lele Sadoughi black woven headband, $49; lelesadoughi.com, Louise Olsen earrings, $430; dinosaurdesigns.com  Bid adieu to the staid suit. Innovative texture coupled with tailored board shorts give the classic power ensemble a new lease on life.   Vera Wang blazer and shorts, verawang.com, Bresciani semi-sheer thigh-high socks, $89.50; luxuryclothing.com, Annie Costello Brown necklace, $890; anniecostellobrown.com 
 Forever 21's financial woes have entered a new chapter. On Sunday, the fast fashion retailer issued a letter to its customers announcing that the company would officially file for bankruptcy. Reports that the brand would file began in late August when rumors loomed that the company was contemplating a debtor-in-possession loan.  Forever 21 did end up filing for Chapter 11, which is reportedly less extreme than a Chapter 7 filing and will allow business operations to resume while the company strategizes. "This does NOT mean that we are going out of business – on the contrary, filing for bankruptcy protection is a deliberate and decisive step to put us on a successful track for the future," the brand's letter to consumers read. However, per The New York Times, the bankruptcy will end operations in 40 countries, including Canada and Japan. It will also shutter 178 US stores and 350 globally. In documents filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court and obtained by NBC News, Forever 21 Inc. claimed it had liabilities between $1 billion and $10 billion owed to more than 100,000 creditors.  we’re going soft 🍂✨ shop this fall trend now! (shop link in bio) A post shared by  forever21 (@forever21) on Sep 29, 2019 at 10:39pm PDT The latest hurdle for Forever 21 comes after a rocky 2019 for the retailer. At the start of September, Ariana Grande reportedly sued the company for $10 million for using her name, likeness, and lyrics from "7 Rings" to promote merchandise. In July, controversy arose when customers who ordered plus-size clothing online were sent diet bars with their orders. Despite the business's missteps, its company letter ensures "you will not see any changes in our stores, gift cards will continue to be accepted, and our policies, including returns and exchanges, remain the same." On their social channels it remains business as usual, with their fall fashion on full display.
 Kate Moss! Princess Diana! The Olsen twins! You've probably read at least one think-piece about the resurgence of the '90s, particularly in terms of its fashion. The decade was a breeding ground for iconic clothing styles that won't quit, from grunge-y flannel and cropped tops to slinky slip dresses. Ahead, join us on our trip down memory lane as we recount the most iconic, sometimes cringeworthy, sometimes incredible fashion moments of the 1990s and the style stars that made them happen. If you've never seen The Nanny, I don't know you. Fran Drescher's outfits on the show, which included teeny-tiny sweaters and body-hugging miniskirts, were iconic looks. Drescher's real life style was a little more toned-down glamorous, like this white halter-neck dress though she did find ways to jazz things up (see: her floral head piece). Before her A Walk to Remember Days, Mandy Moore was an established singer (remember "Candy?") and definitely a '90s gal. Her style was defined by simple tank tops and bottoms with a thin chain belt running across. This photo is peak '90s.  If we were to name a more iconic duo than Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen that would be Tia and Tamara Mowrey. The twins were the stars of Sister, Sister and their closets (both on the show and off) were amazingly good. Think everything from covetable denim overalls and bucket hats to these mini shift dresses with the scarves (!!). Someone bring back these exact looks on the runway, please. Let this photo of Lisa Bonet in the '90s be proof that her daughter Zoë Kravitz is the spitting image of her. In addition to being a sought-after actress during that time, Bonet was known for her free-spirited, bohemian style. Her outfits, like the one on the left, were an expression of her artistic perspective.  The two took couple matching to the next level when they were spotted in Los Angeles wearing white button-down shirts and jeans.   With her unique flower-child-meets-wild-child look, Barrymore was one of the decade's most badass style stars. She borrowed elements of grunge—dark makeup, choppy hair, tattoos—and mixed them with bohemian staples like daisy chains for a style that was all her own. Here she is rocking a fanny pack covered in the word "fuck," because why not. Madonna is a fashion icon for the ages, but one of her most memorable (and most copied) signature looks was the cone bra that Jean Paul Gaultier designed for her Blond Ambition Tour in 1990. Before Clueless took the '90s fashion world by storm, introducing Cher Horowitz–plaid and an obsession with Alaïa, Alicia Silverstone's personal style could best be described as laid-back. The actress wore a pair of t-strap Mary Janes with a long skirt and slouchy sweater (because comfort is key, folks). Since her breakout role in the controversial cult film Kids, Chloë Sevigny has been a "cool girl" beyond typical grunge queens and bubblegum pop girls. Known for her obsession with vintage and her playful take on fashion (she's considered one of the first true street style stars), she became the ingenue every designer wanted as their date at awards shows. Ryder was the ultimate '90s It girl. In the early part of the decade, she scored a number of roles in cult-classic films, including Edward Scissorhands and Reality Bites, and her tomboyish style quickly caught the public's attention. Raven-colored hair and all-black red-carpet ensembles became her signatures.  Yes, Ryder was a style star on her own. But there's a reason the fashion world is still obsessed with Winona and Johnny's relationship today—the duo were the definition of gothic chic. The couple arrived hand-in-hand at the 48th Annual Golden Globe Awards in 1991 looking like they came straight from the set of a Tim Burton film. The king and queen of Seattle grunge, Kurt and Courtney were more or less the most influential couple of 1990s fashion. The Nirvana singer arguably started the entire grunge trend, with his mismatched, oversized outfits and shaggy mop of hair. Similarly, the Hole frontwoman was known for her torn, sheer slips, dark makeup, and babydoll dresses. Liv Tyler was the ultimate '90s babe—who could forget her role, alongside Alicia Silverstone, in the '93 video for Aerosmith's "Crazy?" In 1992, Tyler's wardrobe was filled-t0-the-brim with edgy dresses (like this one) and long skirts. Princess Di wore this daring LBD the same night Prince Charles' tell-all interview about their life came out. It was dubbed the "revenge dress" because the princess didn't let anyone, or anything, hold her down from shining that night. The off-the-shoulder design and asymmetrical hemline made a major style statement and is one of the most iconic looks of British royalty to date.  The couple arrived to the post-premiere party of Grant's film, Four Weddings and a Funeral in London. Hurley left her style mark that night in this iconic Versace pin dress. Since then many celebrities have tried this look, including Irina Shayk at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival. Another iconic look from Princess Di. (Hailey Bieber even recreated this casual outfit for British Vogue). She was ahead of her time in adopting the biker shorts and oversized pullover trend, which has just now taken over the fashion world.  Dawson's Creek fans will love this throwback moment from its two cast members at the 47th Annual Emmy Awards. Van Der Beek looked dapper in a suit while Holmes rocked that square neckline gown (that style is now back in fashion) with a ball-shaped floral bag (also back in fashion).  Two words: Carrie Bradshaw. We can't even begin to count how many trends Sarah Jessica Parker's character singlehandedly started in the late '90s, but many of the world's most well-known fashion brands (we're looking at you, Manolo Blahnik) owe her quite a bit of thanks. Here, three years before the premiere of Sex and the City, Parker preluded Bradshaw with this pink, feathery ensemble. It's impossible to conjure an image of the '90s without picturing the cast of Friends (and, in particular, Jennifer Aniston's now-famous Rachel haircut). In 1995, co-stars Aniston and Matthew Perry walked the 47th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards red carpet in ensembles that defined the decade: Aniston opted for a strapless, floor-length gown, complete with a pair of silky gloves, while Perry paired a classically '90s vest with an ill-fitting suit. A mid-'90s British invasion came in the form of five bubbly ladies in some seriously flashy outfits. The Spice Girls celebrated girl power and individuality: Scary, Baby, Ginger, Sporty, and Posh each contributed unique looks that young women all over the world admired. We can credit the Spice Girls with the popularity of platform shoes, pigtail buns, and—of course—body glitter. At the 50th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards in 1998, style icon Halle Berry walked the red carpet in a so-pretty, bejeweled gown and tiny sunglasses. It goes without saying that this outfit has definitely been recreated in recent years. Post-Winona, Depp took up with Kate Moss—a duo that became arguably as iconic as the gothic exes. In 1995, they arrived at a Los Angeles premiere looking the part of a high-fashion pair. Moss and Depp also shined style-wise off the red carpet—the couple dressed down in sleek coats and leather boots for the perfect combination of disheveled and chic. SJP arrived at the 49th Annual Tony Awards in 1995 in the '90s outfit of our dreams: a part-silky, part-sheer dress topped off with a pair of strappy, silver sandals. As one of the most beloved couples of the '90s, Brad and Gwyneth's relationship was well-documented until the pair parted ways in 1997. The duo was often photographed on the red carpet in coordinating outfits—and for a short period, matching haircuts—and their looks spanned the spectrum of '90s trends, from stark minimalism to grunge to preppy chic. My So Called Life meets Heathers! Winona Ryder and Claire Danes debuted matching pixie cuts and badass dresses at the Los Angeles Fire and Ice Ball in 1996. If one thing is clear about red carpet events of the '90s, it's that SJP had a knack for arriving in outfits that only she could pull off. Here, Parker wears an early version of "the naked dress" to the VH1 Vogue Fashion Awards. Even though they were just a pair of tykes at the time, the Olsen twins were the epitome of '90s fashion. Exhibit A: The twins (epically) walked a red-carpet movie premiere in matching, tiny sunglasses and monochromatic outfits. The lace! The shawl! The hair! Nicole Kidman looked to be the belle of the ball in an epic '90s look at the American Film Institute Awards in Melbourne.  It's no secret that the ladies of Destiny's Child had their outfits down. Here, the group posed in matching fabric at the The London Aquarium. If a photo like this doesn't make you want to start a girl group right this very second, you aren't looking close enough. 
From: Marie Claire US

 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Who: Megan Rapinoe  When: September 23, 2019 Wearing: Gucci Why: We were blessed with a drop dead portrait series of Megan Rapinoe this week, and we are obsessed. She won the award for best women's player at the 2019 Fifa Awards in Milan, Italy, and dressed for the part. From her now signature pink hair to the plunging neckline of her gown, Rapinoe wins best dressed of the week.  Who: Sarah Jessica Parker  When: September 26, 2019 Wearing: Zac Posen, SJP Collection shoes Why: No, this isn't a scene from Sex and the City, it's SJP on her way to the New York City Ballet Gala. Please pay special attention to her mismatched shoes, the ultimate solution for indecisive dressers.  Who: Evan Mock  When: September 27, 2019 Wearing: Balmain Why: If you didn't have a crush on Evan Mock before seeing this picture, you will now. He attended the Balmain runway show in Paris, France wearing an outfit we'd want to borrow from our imaginary boyfriend way more than a hoodie.  Who: Danai Gurira  When: September 23, 2019 Wearing: Christopher Kane, Aquazzura shoes Why: Danai Gurira was literally dripping this week at the premiere of The Walking Dead in Hollywood California. All we want to do is watch her twirl.  Who: Janet Mock  When: September 26, 2019 Wearing: Rachel Comey Why: There's a party on Janet Mock's pants, literally. Her tinsel-trimmed trousers worn to the New York City premiere of The Politician will make you do a double take. And a triple take. And a quadruple take.  Who: Gwendoline Christie  When: September 22, 2019 Wearing: Dior Why: We were floored with Gwendoline Christie's Jesus look at the Emmy Awards, but her after-party style is an outfit we'd actually wear IRL. All hail suits and sneaks!  Who:  Billy Porter  When: September 15, 2019 Wearing: La Doyenne Why: Billy Porter was the star of London Fashion Week, and he owned it by out-dressing everyone who attened. He coordinated rich jewel tones for this saturated look by demi-couture brand La Doyenne, pulled out massive florals at Richard Quinn, and even donned feathers for Naomi Campbell. It's hard to pick a favorite outfit, so we won't: His entire LFW tour wins best dressed of the week.  Who: Rihanna  When: September 19, 2019 Wearing: Jacquemus Why: Summer might be over, but let's embrace bright colors just like Rihanna did in Seoul, South Korea. She expertly clashed fuchsia with orange, and apparently we need tangerine cargo pants, stat.  Who: Kaia Gerber When: September 20, 201 Wearing: Gianvito Rossi shoes Why: Don't be fooled— Kaia Gerber's deceptively simple outfit is so chic. Let's collectively pin this blazer, denim, and strappy heel combo to our fall mood board, because it's all I want to wear this season.  Who: Brie Larson  When: September 19, 2019  Wearing: Rasario dress, TIffany & Co jewels  Why: Brie Larson was absolutely statuesque at the Tiffany & Co. 'Vision & Virtuosity' exhibition in Shanghai, China. It's both a statement look, yet completely minimalistic.  Who: Keke Palmer When: September 15, 2019 Wearing: Cinq à Sept Why: Keke Palmer might be sorry to this man, but we're not sorry about the outfit she wore on Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen. It's bright, sunny, and makes us almost as happy as her trending meme.  Who: Tracee Ellis Ross  When: September 17, 2019 Wearing: Christopher John Rogers Why: Tracee Ellis Ross' decadent appetite for fashion never ceases to entertain us. She's always down for a sartorial risk, which she proved in a bubbly pink look worn in Los Angeles, California.   Who: Rihanna  When: September 10, 201 Wearing: Alexandre Vauthier Why: Whatever Rihanna touches doesn't turn to gold, it turns into diamonds. Her Fenty businesses—yes plural— are booming, she's making money moves with Amazon, and she also dressed like an actual crystal at the Savage X Fenty show afterparty. We have no option but to stan, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Priyanka Chopra When: September 10, 2019 Wearing: Oscar de la Renta Why: Priyanka Chopra is no stranger to going out looks, but we're obsessed with for her spin on the little black dress, worn during New York Fashion Week. When in doubt, add sparkles.  Who: Cardi B  When: September 12, 2019 Wearing: Georges Hobeika Couture Why: Cardi B reminded us that she is the people's princess at Rihanna's annual Diamond Ball in New York City. The rapper is no stranger to ball gowns, but this time she went for a Sleeping Beauty look over Cinderella.  Who:  Jennifer Lopez  When: September 07, 2019 Wearing: Maison Yeya, Amwaj jewels,Femme heels a Judith Leiber clutch Why: Jennifer Lopez' Hustler's premiere look at the Toronto Film Festival was great, but please zoom in on her clutch. It's legit money.  Who: Justine Skye  When: September 11, 2019 Wearing: Michael Kors Collection Why: Is this the definition of cozy chic? We think so, because Justine Skye at the Michael Kors Collection runway show makes us want to simultaneously lounge and be seen out on the town.  Who:  Zendaya When: September 06, 2019  Wearing: Berluti Why: We recently noted the omniscient presence of waistcoats on the Spring runways, but as always, Zendaya is already a step ahead. She wore a slick three-piece suit to the Harper's Bazaar Icons event in New York City.  Who: Timothée Chalamet When: September 02, 2019 Wearing: Haider Ackermann Why: It is an indisputable fact that Timothée Chalamet can do no wrong (see: bowl cut), but his appearance at the Venice Film Festival promoting The King has me concerned for my mental state. Asking for a friend, but how long is too long to lovingly stare at pictures of the actor wearing this slinky suit before it gets creepy?  Who: Iman  When: August 28, 2019 Wearing: Valentino Haute Couture Why: This photo is currently pinned as my next DIY pillow project, and I mean that in the most flattering way possible. Only Iman, seen at the Venice Film Festival, could pull this feathered triumph off.  Who: Cara Delevingne When: September 03, 2019 Wearing: David Koma Why: If you're searching for your next Friday night outfit, Cara Delevingne will provide you with some sultry inspiration. The sheer, corseted bodice of the dress she wore in New York City is a head-turning update to the classic LBD.  Who: Lily-Rose Depp  When: September 02, 2019 Wearing: Chanel Why: A pink, tweed tube top is one newsboy cap away from the horrors of 2000s style (The House Bunny comes to mind), but Lily-Rose Depp made it chic. And un-WASPy. She wore this set to the photo call of The King in Venice, Italy.  Who: Tessa Thompson  When: September 01, 2019 Wearing: Miu Miu  Why: Never make yourself choose between sequins or feathers, because more is more according to Tessa Thompson. Her statement mini dress at a Miu Miu event in Venice, Italy instantly made us smile.  Who: Zazie Beetz When: August 31, 2019 Wearing: Valentino Haute Couture Why: Leave it to a sartorial force like Zazie Beetz to not be totally engylfed by her ginormous dress. She creatively accessorized her gown with tinted sunglasses at the Venice Film Festival, a bold choice for a red carpet event. 
 Letting go of summer has never been so easy.   The days of back-to-school may be well behind us, but that doesn’t mean the fashion flock no longer relishes in the thrill of some seasonal shopping come September. After all, letting go of summer and all that it entails (short work weeks, shorter hemlines…) is easier with a wardrobe filled with fresh new wares.  But before adding chunky knits and rainbow-striped furs to your online cart, embrace fall’s transitional temperatures with trends perfect for layering. Think: go-anywhere and do-anything slips, pastel-hued lace that can make the chunkiest sweater seem more feminine, and plaid that will take you right back to the ’90s. Below, five trends you’ll definitely want to try this season.  Dare to Bare    There’s no doubt the bra as a top is the trend to try this season. For a chic take, pair it with a blazer. The 9-5 mainstay instantly elevates a bralette, making it appropriate for day and night.  Slip Into It  We can thank the Insta-set for the trend that keeps on giving: the slinky satin slip. Give a shorter version an after-hours upgrade with tights and the most outré shoes you can find to rack up likes on-screen and off.  Pastel Perfection    Candy colors were a huge trend on the runways this season. Make like an off-duty model and toss a borrowed-from-the-boys moto jacket over a pale pink lace dress for a heavy-dose of tough love.    Seeing Spots    Any Parisian will tell you that polka dots are a one-way ticket to effortless style. For an evening out and about, wear the timeless pattern with heaps of shine to—quite simply—dazzle.   Pretty in Plaid    Cooler temps may be approaching, but featherlight frocks need not be stored just yet. Rather, take a page from the ’90s grunge playbook and layer them over second-skin turtlenecks. For a modern bite, choose decidedly sleek stompers and neon hoops.  Make Space for Lace    Once strictly relegated to the boudoir, now even the most delicate of underpinnings deserve to see the light of day. A sheer blush-hued bra peeking out just so will have you winning hearts here, there, and everywhere.  Photographs by Heather Hazzan, Styled by Rachel Pincus, Hair by Hide Suzuki using Bumble and Bumble, Makeup by Ingeborg.  
 Costume company Yandy is notorious for turning objectively un-hot people, ideas and things into sexy Halloween outfits. They’ve also been known to ruffle a few feathers in the process—last year, social media backlash led to the recall of their horned up take on Hulu's Handmaid's Tale.  Past Yandy costumes have included a Sexy Freddy Kreuger getup (complete with a “burned skin hood”), Sexy Bob Ross, Sexy Ken Bone (Remember him?), Sexy Cecil the Lion, and even a Sexy Slenderman. With spooky season 2K19 upon us, the company is out to prove, once again, their sartorial reign over capital S Sexy Halloween. They’ve already debuted a skin-tight White Claw two-piece, a “Nicest Neighbor” risqué Mr. Rogers look, a cauliflower pizza getup, and a drool-worthy impossible burger body-con. And that's just the start of this year’s rollout, Yandy director of brand marketing Alicia Thompson tells ELLE.com.  Though Yandy staffers keep their Halloween costumes under tight wraps until release, Thompson gave us some insight into the selection and manufacturing process. Starting November 1 each year, in-house designers create a top-secret spreadsheet to keep track of topical memes, pop culture and political moments, and trending people. Every costume idea is then run by the company’s vice president of merchandising, Pilar Quintana Williams, to make sure they “read well and have the most flattering cut possible,” says Thompson. This year, you'll see an unusually high number of sexy food costumes from Yandy—and that's no coincidence. “We have four pregnant staffers in the office this year, so there is a lot of talk about food, cravings, and satisfaction, or lack thereof,” says Thompson. “We’ve always been known for our crazy food costumes and we decided to revisit some of our top styles from the past and update them for 2019 to have a vegan, veggie, and gluten-free selection.” Yandy’s most popular costumes to date are the SWAT hottie and the Embellished Dark Angel. Thompson expects Dark Angel to sell out again this year thanks to the "Don't Call Me Angel" music video starring Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus, and Lana Del Rey. In total, Yandy will introduce 20 exclusive new costumes (running list, below) designed specifically for 2019.
 Hello, snakeskin.  Thigh-high boots are not made equal, but Fashion to Figure just dropped a set of over-the-knee boots that specifically cater to curvier thighs.  To create this exciting drop, the brand teamed up with fashion blogger Nadia Aboulhosn for a collaboration on over-the-knee boots that actually fit. There are three OTK styles: a snakeskin, a lace-up, and a timeless faux suede you can wear every day, all starting at $109.    Nadia gushed about the new collection on her Instagram. "I just want you to live your best thicky thicc gal lives in these [boots]," she wrote. "Tag me in ur pics so I can see them all once you wear them 😩 you guys are going to kill it and have me weak."  THE COUNTDOWN IS ON... ⏱ Tag your squad. ✨ Don’t let them miss the drop.  #NADIAxFTF A post shared by  Fashion to Figure (@fashiontofigure) on Sep 17, 2019 at 6:36pm PDT Over-the-knee boots aren't the only goods coming to the site. The Nadia collection includes a full line of shoes and accessories– I'm talking animal print pumps, oversized sunnies, hair clips, mini bags, the works. You can shop it all on the Fashion to Figure website and check out my personal favorites below.   
From: Seventeen

 Yandy, the costume company behind risqué Mr. Rogers and hot tariff, has debuted a fizzy new Halloween number in the form of a sexy White Claw can—just in time for spooky season.  The so-called "Hard Outlaw" two-piece costs $54.95 and features the words "Outlaw, Party Hard" (a play on the meme "Ain't no laws when you're drinking the Claws") on the front and "#Darty" on the butt. "Who's up for a day party?" the official description reads on Yandy.com. "Lay down the law of liquid refreshments. Life is hard to handle without that five percent bubbly buzz. Be the sweetest seltzer on the shelf, and sip away your Saturday in this thirst-quenching exclusive Hard Outlaw costume... Grab some of your favorite gals, and wear different "flavored" stockings for the best group costume!"  A Yandy representative says "Hard Outlaw" has been in the works ever since spiked seltzer became the drink of Hot Girl Summer 2019. They logged it in a spreadsheet of Halloween costume ideas, then tapped one of their in-house designers to create the final look. "We’ve seen a huge trend in spiked seltzer drinks and they are wildly popular with our team, too,"Alicia Thompson, Yandy's director of brand marketing, tells ELLE.com. "This costume was created in a two-piece bodysuit style and uses the popular hashtag trending on social." The costume doesn't come with the leggings pictured on Yandy's website, but Thompson suggests styling "Hard Outlaw" with neon-colored fishnets to give a little “flavor” to the costume.  Yandy's release marks one of the first official spiked seltzer costume available to buy, and many Twitter users thinks it's in the running to be this year's most  popular Halloween costume.   How many girls will slap a White Claw logo on a bandage dress and call it a Halloween costume? pic.twitter.com/kA3AzULCyI Would it be acceptable for me to dress up as a white claw for Halloween? Taking estimates on %population dressing as white claw this halloween also taking suggestions on a white claw costume w a twist (e.g. witchy white claw, murderous white claw, perhaps most horrifying- empty case of white claw) I think I'm gonna dress up as a whiteclaw for Halloween so girls will finally want me I can’t wait to be the most basic girl ever and dress up as a white claw for Halloween halloween costume of the year: a can of white claw who wants to dress up as the different white claw flavors for Halloween with me Take a shot for every white claw Halloween costume you see this year remember that year every girl was a can of four loko for Halloween? this year it will be the white claw year. #braceyourself 
 In a recent episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians, Kourtney Kardashian FaceTimes Kim to get her opinion on an ultra-short mini dress covered in a mosaic of cotton candy-colored rhinestones.  "It's vintage Dior," the doyenne of reality television brags of the piece, which she winds up wearing to Kylie's skincare launch event. The Kardashians aren't shy when it comes to obsessing over throwback fashion, but tracking down high-end garments of yesteryear is easier said than done thanks to a surge in popularity and a finite supply. Kourtney's sparkling Dior number was actually borrowed from an ultra-private showroom hidden away in a Hollywood Hills home that celebrity stylists consider to be the mecca of high-end vintage marketplaces. All 3,500 pieces available for rent are carefully curated by Chicagoan Janet Mandell, a longtime couture collector and one of the industry's best-kept secrets.  Mandell flies under the radar, but she's responsible for the sartorial success of dozens of celebrities, including Priyanka Chopra Jonas, who donned her ruched cherry-colored Tom Ford belted dress for an interview on The View. Mandell also sent Gigi Hadid a 1980s Chanel number to wear at Karl Lagerfeld's memorial "Karl Forever," this summer.  The collector's eponymous showrooms (she's also got a second location in Chicago) contain over $2.3 million of drool-worthy designer rags, from archived Chanel suits to Saint Laurent dresses with diving décolletage to glittering Van Cleef & Arpels necklaces. Her collection of 1990s Manolo Blahnik sandals would send Carrie Bradshaw into cardiac arrest. Although Mandell does offer fresh-off-the-runway finds, it's her covetous trove of 1990s Valentino, Gucci, Versace, and Chanel—which makes up about 20 percent of her inventory—that attracts her celebrity clientele. It's also what sets her business apart from other resale or renting competitors like Rent The Runway, The Real Real, and Armarium.  "All these really ageless fashion girls like Bella and Gigi [Hadid] and Kim and Kourtney [Kardashian], they don't want anything that's current. I have the sickest Chanel suits that I bought off the runway last year and they love it, but they're like, 'You know what Janet? I can't wear that," Mandell tells ELLE.com. "They don't want to be seen in something that somebody else might possibly wear. They want Pucci 1990s, Versace 1990s and it has to be Gianni Versace. It can't be just Versace."  If you love fashion, you need to know about Janet Mandell Mandell works directly with stylists to determine what, in her vintage collection, will suit their client. Then, after a consultation, she allows items to be rented for seven days and also offers "temporary tailoring," to alter a garment's size.  Kourtney Kardashian's stylist Dani Mitchell says she prefers Mandell's collection over others because of their one-of-a-kind nature. "What's so special about Janet's pieces are, besides their label status, their style," Mitchell tells ELLE.com. "Janet has an amazing eye for the most special pieces, and curating a heaven where archives can be accessed.  Walking into her showroom takes your breath away... If you love fashion, you need to know about Janet Mandell."    When I ask Mandell what the secret sauce is to sourcing good vintage, plus where to look, she insists her ability to track down unique pieces is genetic: Her mother is a high-end handbags collector, with treasured pieces from Dior, Fendi, and Kieselstein Cord. Her  most prized possession, a lizard Kelly bag, is even available to rent at the showroom.   What Mandell will say is that she considers three factors when poking around for fashion finds: label, originality, and, above all, cut.  "It's all about special cuts," she says. "Pieces from the 1990s and 1980s had really sexy cuts. Maybe one side is completely open. We have this piece that's sheer and velvet, and it's so low cut that you're able to see a part of your butt in the back. That's just what they did back then! They took risks and today I think Gigi or Bella or Kourtney, any of those girls can rock it. They're not afraid of that." Mandell opened her first showroom door in Chicago two years ago, and her first call from an A-list client was Gigi Hadid's stylist, Mimi Cuttrell, with a rather unusual request. She wanted an old Balenciaga peacoat to complete Gigi's Mary Poppins costume for Taylor Swift's New Year's Eve bash. "Mimi sent me a picture and was like, "Do you have this?'" says Mandell. "I'm like, 'We do!' and we actually ended up dressing Gigi head-to-toe that night, except the hat."   From then on, calls from celebrity stylists flooded in. She's worked with Monica Rose, who dresses Chrissy Teigen, and Elizabeth Sulcer, Victoria's Secret's go-to stylist. Mandell is also currently collaborating with stylists for both Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner.  Because her items are in such high demand, Mandell has the good fortune, she says, of being selective about about what—and to whom—she loans. "If a celebrity stylist calls and they're like, 'What do you have that's vintage?' and I'm not trying to be rude, but I'm like, 'I can't just give a B-list or C-list celebrity this vintage piece,'" she says. "I have to be picky. Like, we have this amazing vintage Versace dress that Elizabeth Hurley wore back in the 1980s, but I'm not ready to just give it to anybody, because [they have] to be special." 
 If Karla Welch could style everyone, she would.  "I never want you to open up your closet and think 'I don't know what to wear. I wish I had a stylist. I wish I knew what to buy...Well, wish no more," Welch said in a video announcing her newest endeavor, Wishi. "I'm your stylist."  The stylist whose job it is to make celebrities likes Tracee Ellis Ross, Sarah Paulson, Justin Bieber and the internet's latest girlfriend, Megan Rapione, took the legwork out of shopping for yourself and created a personal styling app that will "show you how to build a wardrobe from scratch, shop smarter, and how to bring life to what’s already in your closet," the website reads.  Wishi gives you two categories to choose from: Wishi Mini and Wishi Major. Wishi Mini is pretty much for those who need a little wardrobe refresh, be it for an upcoming event or vacation; it runs for $40 a month and gives customers a customized "mood board" of looks selected by your stylist, two style boards with a full outfit and shopping links, and two revisions per style board.  Wishi Major, on the other hand, is best for those who want a completely new  wardrobe but don't know where to start. The only difference between Wishi Mini and Wishi Major is the price—Wishi Major is $90 a month—and you get five style boards and five revisions. Both services still receive style advice, access to a directory of brands, and the "Style Your Closet" option, which allows you to ask your stylist for tips on how to incorporate the pieces you already own with your newly-purchased items.  Sign up to start your journey at here. 
 Shopping brand new is a struggle for those of us who want to glare at the president during a climate summit, nor is  easy to sustainably shop on a budget. That makes Everlane one of my favorite brands (see here, here and here as proof). Known for its eco-friendly and socially-conscious business model, in an act of "radical transparency" it discloses everything from material sourcing to ethical factories. The result is that you can trust that you're consuming right.  It comes as no surprise that Everlane is making cashmere feel even better. The San Francisco-based brand just launched ReCashmere, a new line of men's and women's sweaters that uses recycled fabric. The first collection includes three vintage-inspired styles that are half the carbon footprint of regular cashmere: the Varsity Cardigan, Vintage Crewneck, and Botton Mockneck. Even better, prices start at just $95.  Everlane partnered with an Italian mill that collects well-worn cashmere sweaters that would otherwise end up in landfills. The mill unravels the sweaters and re-spins it into new yarn. Then they blend it 60/40 with extra-fine merino wool for the perfect mix: You get the soft touch of luxurious cashmere with the strength of wool. In other words, you'll actually be able to wear these sweaters without worrying about them snagging. The pullover and cardigan are available in four autumn-ready colors, while the crewneck has a variety of eight hues. Our current fave? It's hard the choose, but I'm drawn to the colorblock crew in faded sienna.  The world might be burning, so at the very least you wear a sustainably-made cardigan while it does. It's feel-good fashion at its best. 
 5 key pieces, and you're set. Balmain’s DNA is distinctive. At its core lies designer Olivier Rousteing’s mission to dress women who “revel in pushing forward (while also pushing every single button along the way).” In fashion translation, that means wardrobe staples that typify the Balmain look: sharp-shoulder blazers, mini dresses, standout denim, statement outerwear, and—to top it all off—a handbag that holds its own.  Essentially, pieces you can mix and match into your own wardrobe so that you too can join Rousteing’s “Balmain Army.” Here, see four street-ready ways to style them yourself.  A good pair of jeans is an essential component of any Parisienne suit of armor (as is a versatile black blazer). Fall 2019’s version is an elevated boyfriend cut, acid-washed and covered in sequins for a look that shines, whether in the sun or moonlight.  Not all style icons wear capes (but if you don't, you should).  A white double-breasted wool cape proves, as Rousteing says, “that the Balmain girl cannot be categorized.” It’s both classic and edgy, with its high neck and structured shoulders. On the runway, the looked leaned into the biker vibe when it was paired with long black leather gloves; here, a tulle train hints at something more formal. From the marching band, military styles that hit the runway many seasons ago to the fully-studded Fall 2019 editions, Balmain has made the sharp shoulder silhouette a thing for years. Fall’s collection expanded the power look to capes and dresses, and gave the blazer an update in picked-apart boucle. In a word (or two), the Balmain look has been described as “youthful opulence,” and if those words were distilled into a single runway item, it would be the minidress. This season, Rousteing layered on the texture, rendering minidresses in angora and lining the hems in feathers.
 From Lucille Ball to Gwyneth Paltrow. Though the Emmys tend to be a more subdued affair compared to the Grammys or Oscars, the TV stars who come out for the awards show always make the most of their red carpet moments. See some of the most memorable looks from the ages—including some throwback Jen and Brad pics—in our slideshow ahead.
 You've seen all the looks that walked the red carpet at the 2019 Emmy Awards, but we narrowed it down to the very best. From a sultry Poison Ivy dress to designer looks fresh off the runway, click through to see who made our list.  This look isn't Little Mermaid, it's Poison Ivy. Zendaya can poison us anytime too, because her emerald dress, matching pumps, and diamond drip is killing us anyway.  This black ball gown is all about the details: there's delicate mesh detailing across the neckline, a sheer ruched bodice, and a velvet belt to complete the look.  And the category is... GLAM. Mj Rodriguez struck a pose at the Emmys wearing hot pink—emphasis on hot. With the added plunging neckline, Rodriguez stood out amongst the crowd tonight.  Davis' custom dress looks as though she put two, equally chic gowns into one. You get twice the look!  Julia Garner masterfully combined a one-shoulder silhouette, statement waist cut-out, and a difficult-to-pull-off violet purple. Brava.  How low can you go? Emilia Clarke's navy dress reminds us of uniform pinafores, except sexy. What can we say, she's our schoolgirl crush.  Gwendoline Christie's look might not be for everyone, but we're pretty obsessed. It's Roman empress, but make it, well, historically accurate Roman empress.  We just saw Tracee Ellis Ross wear the fuchsia version of this top, but we might love Lee's florescent green take way better. You can't deny that pistachio the color of the year.  From head to toe, Niecy Nash looked stunning. Any woman that accessorizes this well knows the key to our hearts.   We saw a lot of monochrome looks tonight (like fellow Best Dresser Viola), but the graphic punch of O'Hara's dress is so good. It's fun, yet elegant. 
 In 2011, Maisie Williams made her professional acting debut as Arya Stark on Game of Thrones. Since then, we've watched Williams grow not just into an actress beloved by pretty much everyone (including Drake), but someone to watch on the red carpet as well.  In the past she's worn Coach, Thom Browne, and Miu Miu, but for the 71st annual Emmy awards, Williams decided to go custom, creating a JW Anderson gown in collaboration with the label's founder and creative director Jonathan Anderson, plus designer Reuben Selby, who happens to be Williams' boyfriend. "I’ve always wanted the perfect custom red carpet dress—something that I feel really confident and comfortable in," Williams tells ELLE.com. "I asked Reuben if he would design something with me in mind: my height, my shape, my likes and insecurities. He must’ve drawn up around 30 sketches, but we picked our favorite ones and it just so happened that Jonathan preferred our favorite sketch."  Over the course of several meetings and fittings, the trio dreamed up an asymmetrical dress created from various black fabrics featuring custom embroidery and crystals. "Jonathan took Reuben's sketch and added the defining details," says Williams. "We had a lot of fun and, most importantly, I feel amazing in it."  "The dress had to be effortless, but empowering at the same time," says Selby. "My aim was to create something that removed the anxiety that comes from wearing a dress that isn't quite right by making it so beautiful and stunning that it takes away the need to feel any consciousness."   For designer Anderson, it was an honor to work with Williams and Selby. "They came in with a clear vision of what they wanted which I, as a designer, really appreciate," says Anderson. "At the same time, though, they were so open to suggestions. It really felt like a collaboration. And, most importantly, it was fun!"  
 Awards season officially begins tonight with the Emmys in Los Angeles. TV's biggest celebrities have just started arriving for the ceremony, where Game of Thrones in particular leads the nominations count. Here, what all the stars are wearing to the award show, from presenters Kim Kardashian, Kendall Jenner, and Kylie Jenner to nominees Emilia Clarke, Sophie Turner, and Sandra Oh. Bright gowns, bold tuxes, and more are dominating the night.  In Zuhair Murad In Saint Laurent In Dior Haute Couture  In Irene Neuwirth jewelry  In Valentino In Dior In Louis Vuitton and Fred Leighton Jewels In Michael Kors Collection In Christian Siriano In Montblanc cufflinks In Lela Rose In Valentino Haute Couture In Elie Saab In custom Vera Wang, Jimmy Choo shoes and Robert Coin jewels.  In Elie Saab In custom JW Anderson and Repossi jewels In Valentino Haute Couture and David Webb  jewels In Gucci In Cong Tri In Fendi and Jimmy Choo shoes. 
 An ongoing look at the 'This Is Us' star's best outfits. From her '00s pop star days to This Is Us, Mandy Moore's style has always been colorful and daring. Here, we track her best fashion. At Walt Disney’s Emmys after party. In Brandon Maxwell at the 2019 Emmys. At a Rothy's Conscious Cocktails event in Los Angeles. Attending an Emmy nominee celebration in West Hollywood. At a NET-A-PORTER event in Paris. At the Loubhoutan Express presentation in Paris. Arriving at the Los Angeles Confidential Magazine Impact Awards. At a This Is Us FYC event in Hollywood. At Entertainment Weekly & People's New York Upfronts. At the premiere of Breakthrough. At Beverly Hills' Hotel Vivier. Getting a star on The Hollywood Walk of Fame. Attending The Paley Center for Media's 2019 PaleyFest LA This Is Us event at Dolby Theatre in Hollywood. Heading to a Jimmy Kimmel Live! appearance. Visiting Hallmark's Home & Family at Universal Studios Hollywood. Leaving an appearance on Today in NYC. Attending the 25th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards in Jason Wu. At the Critics' Choice Awards in Michael Kors. At The Hollywood Reporter's Power 100 Women In Entertainment event in Los Angeles. Arriving at JONI 75: A Birthday Celebration Live at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles. Attending the Mandy Moore x Fossil private dinner at One Gun Ranch in Malibu. At the premiere of This is Us' third season. On the set of Today. At the Dujour Magazine cover party at TAO Downtown in New York City. In Rodarte at the 70th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards. Attending a This is Us event at Paramount Studios in Hollywood. Attending the premiere of Sideswiped. At a screening of The Darkest Minds. Heading to a taping of Jimmy Kimmel Live! Attending the Vogue Foundation Dinner photo call during Paris Fashion Week.
 Milan Fashion Week ran the gamut from seriously sexy (and J.Lo!) at Versace to grandma-chic at Gucci with many a classic reinvented at Prada, Fendi, and Jil Sander. Here, the best looks that Italy's fashion capital has to offer for the spring 2020 season. 
 All the outfit inspo you'll need for next season. Fashion week has come to Milan—and the city didn't disappoint. The Spring 2020 runways have been a sight to behold, but don't forget about Milan's most fashionable residents and visitors, who showed up to Fashion Week to provide a breathtaking show all by themselves. Chic, daring, and jaw-dropping, the street style in Milan was almost as buzzy as the runways themselves. 
From: Marie Claire US

 Allow me to cut straight to the chase: Jennifer Lopez just closed out Versace's Spring 2020 show, wearing a recreation of that iconic green gown (you know, the one that was the catalyst for Google Image Search!!!), Milan Fashion Week is now cancelled, and everyone should just go home.    Tonight reminded us of the magic fashion holds and the inspiration  of two strong iconic women owning their power 💪🏻👯‍♀️ @donatella_versace+ @jlo. Bravo @versace for a spectacular show ⚡️🔥💥 @elleusa A post shared by  Nina Garcia (@ninagarcia) on Sep 20, 2019 at 12:10pm PDT  It's been nearly 20 years since Lopez wore Versace's original green gown to the 2000 Grammy Awards and in a YouTube video posted to her channel, Lopez revealed that the red carpet moment almost didn't happen. The singer and her stylist were torn between the Versace dress and a safer option. “Usually if you come to a fitting of mine, there are tons of dresses and tons of shoes,” she said. “There's always so many choices. But this day we only really had a choice between two dresses. One was kind of like a white dress and the other was the Versace jungle-print dress...I put on the green dress and come out and Benny [Medina] goes, ‘That’s it. That’s it. Don’t even talk about it. That’s the dress.’”  At the CFDA Awards in June, Lopez received the Fashion Icon award and revealed that green is her lucky color. "Since that moment, green has always been my lucky color,” she said. "It’s been around 40 movies, 11 albums, a couple of babies, a couple of divorces, but countless great moments [since that dress]. And as this night shows, there’s so much more to look forward to." If we're lucky, maybe we can look forward to another runway moment? 
 There are two types of people in this world: 1) those who love, maybe even own, AirPods, and 2) liars. The piece of technology has created a schism in society between the haves and the have nots, and as a expected caused a Twitter shit storm in the process. The world ridiculed AirPods users and they, in turn, didn't care. No, they just posted memes about how rich and spicy they were (and as I've established, appeared exponentially hotter.) Despite having lost a singular AirPod to the mean streets of New York City (the epidemic is turning into a half-billion dollar revenue stream for replacement parts only), I'm still drinking the Apple-flavored Kool-Aid. And just in case no one noticed how fancy I am, I made it abundantly clear by safeguarding my pods with the gaudiest case on the market. Surprisingly enough, this aggressively rhinestoned shell has garnered the most compliments I've ever received (since my braces came off in high school) and it only costs $11 on Amazon. I've gotten positive reactions from the guy who scans my ID at the gym, fellow fashion editors during New York Fashion Week, and a stranger who asked me for a shopping link while I waited in line to buy Popeye's fried chicken sandwich (something I'd also highly recommend).  When someone has Air Pods 1 pic.twitter.com/nc0ikUufjK   Much like the word 'lit,' I started using the case as a joke, and eventually it lost its irony and I now carry it proudly. I fully embrace its blinginess, mostly because it's so much easier to find in the depths of my bag, but fair warning— the lid doesn't open as wide due to the heavy crystallization, so it's slightly more difficult to place your buds in and out of the case. A small sacrifice to make if you desire maximum peacocking, though, which is what owning AirPods is all about.  
 Celebrities like Nicole Kidman, Winnie Harlow, and more are making statements on the sidelines of Milan's Spring/Summer runways. See who's sitting front row and what they're wearing stage-side, ahead.  At Boss At Gucci At Gucci At Etro At Etro At Etro At Etro At Etro At Moschino At Fendi At Fendi At Fendi At Max Mara At Max Mara At Max Mara At Max Mara At Max Mara At Max Mara At Max Mara At Max Mara At Anteprima At Prada At Prada At Prada At Alberta Ferretti At Alberta Ferretti At Alberta Ferretti At Alberta Ferretti At Alberta Ferretti
 Plus, they're cute! This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Unless you’re one of the lucky few who have decided a work “uniform” is the way to go, dressing for the office (or whatever office you may have), can be tough. But deciding on a lewk that can take you from day to night (no matter the evening soirée), is even harder.  We’ve found at least one thing that you don’t need to switch—a pair of chic, super comfortable heels that you won’t need to take off between meetings and cocktail hour. Check them out in the video above, worn with two very different looks on ELLE’s fashion director, Nikki Ogunnaike.
 You'll never want to get out of bed. Good news, Parachute fans—the cult-favorite bedding brand best known for its cotton and linen bedding (not to mention quality pillows, duvet inserts, a brand new mattress as of 2019, and the coziest cashmere robe you'll ever wear) has just made its first foray into silk. And sleepwear. Yep, that's right: Parachute is now selling silk pajamas, and they're as dreamy as they sound. As part of a limited edition capsule collection with A.L.C., a women's clothing brand founded by Andrea Lieberman, Parachute is now offering silk pajama sets in two colorways (blush, and striped), as well as silk pillowcase sets (in blush and white), a black and white silk robe featuring embroidered palm trees on the back, and of course, a silk eye mask. While robes are nothing new to the Parachute catalog, pajamas—and silk in general—definitely are.  As far as silk pajamas and robes go, they're basically the ultimate luxury for lounging around, and would even make a great gift (that sleep mask especially!). But those silk pillowcases are an especially great addition to the Parachute catalog. If you're not already familiar with the benefits of using a silk or satin pillowcase, or you haven't made the switch yet, it's worth noting that they're more than just a way to up the luxe factor of your bed. Silk pillowcases can help protect your hair from damage and breakage, not to mention your skin from breakouts and irritation, thanks to the material's lack of friction while you're sleeping on it. (You can read more about that here.) The new silk capsule collection is now available to shop online at Parachute as well as at A.L.C., and you can find it in stores at both brands' brick-and-mortar locations, too. You can also shop the full collection below.  ALC FOR PARACHUTEparachutehome.com$59 BUY NOW Follow House Beautiful on Instagram. 
From: House Beautiful US

 The designer is teaming up with Warner Bros in celebration of the iconic show's 25th anniversary It's been 25 years since Friends first hit our screens, meaning it's been 25 years since we first started coveting Rachel Green's chic style. And, as all fans will know, the fashionista worked at both Bloomingdales and Ralph Lauren during her 10 years on the show – and the two have now teamed up with Warner Bros on a collection that celebrates Green's working wardrobe. Ralph Lauren has curated a Wear To Work collection based on the character's style, consisting of many of Green's distinctive '90s and '00s pieces, given an update for 2019. These include; leather trousers and skirts, polo-neck knits, pin-striped suits, and mini and midi skirts, as well as a dash of leopard print. The pieces come from both Polo Ralph Lauren and Lauren Ralph Lauren, meaning that many are more affordable than you might expect, with prices starting at £120.   SHOP NOW Wool-blend blazer, £429 SHOP NOW Cashmere dress, £595 SHOP NOW Cashmere jumper, £249 SHOP NOW Leather boots, £799 The collection will be on display at the location of Rachel's very first big fashion job, Bloomingdales, where a special Friends 25th anniversary installation will be in place. As well as shopping Rachel's Ralph Lauren wardrobe, fans will be able to grab a complimentary cup of coffee from a recreation of Central Perk and visit the department store's third floor to see a recreation of Rachel's office. But, if you don't happen to be in New York for this very Instagrammable opportunity, worry not, because you can still purchases pieces from the Rachel Green collection online and in Ralph Lauren stores from today.    
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

  Friends is one of those time capsule shows. Its characters, their vernacular, their issues, and especially their clothing feel frozen in time—a nostalgic snapshot of the 1990s. To be honest, I was never really here nor there on the show. It's been around for as long as I've existed and while I’ve never railed against or excluded myself from it, neither have I ever kicked off my shoes after a long day and been like, “Can’t wait to see The One With Rachel and the Plane!” or whatever. But looking back at the series now, 25 years since it premiered, I am struck by how much of its fashion aesthetic skewed lesbian. And that, I am totally here for. In fact, I'd venture to say that Friends is my sartorial fetish.  The denim! The plaid! The oversized sweatshirts and backwards baseball caps! The sitcom's styling was lesbian fashion perfected as an art form. Although, I could do without Rachel’s miniature vests—I think queer women, as a culture, can probably do without vests from here on out (with all due respect to Jennifer Aniston for making them happen in the '90s so that the cast of The L Word could carry them into the aughts). Still, each “friend” carved out her/his/their own corner of lesbian fashion in ways worth emulating now. Let's take a closer look. Monica was typically the highest femme of the lady Friends, but when she went butch, she slayed. Monica loved a loose, collared button-up, a belted, high-waist jean and a fashionable sneaker. I’ll pass on her floor-length skirts, but I'll take Courtney Cox in a casual high-neck tee or a mock turtle any day.  Meanwhile, Jennifer Aniston's Rachel was the sole authority of nipple couture, always dressing for the perfect amount of nipple visibility. Rachel had a stronger grasp on lesbian fashion on Friends than I’ve had in a lifetime of being a lesbian. She had range: On the more feminine side of things, Rachel could rock a plaid schoolgirl skirt and cropped sweater and call me a dyke to my face and I’d say “thank you.” She loved overalls, full-length or shorts. She laid the groundwork for the best layered T-shirt-wearers of the aughts (looking at you, Ashley Tisdale and Ashlee Simpson). A T-shirt over a long-sleeve? Duh. A tank-top over a tee? Why not!  And if there’s one look the Friends costumer, Debra McGuire perfected, it was 90s girls in vintage New York sports team merch. If Phoebe were around today, she’d definitely be that boho-chic weed bisexual who foists the healing power of crystals on you whenever you get together. Phoebe wasn't afraid to wear a long, Cate Blanchett-esque coat, a denim dress over a long-sleeved tee, or a fringe so heinous it actually came full circle and somehow worked (and same goes for her despicable vests). Heinous-but-it-works is exactly the kind of look queer women gravitate towards (or at least I do). And lest we forget Phoebe was the main arbiter of choker necklaces—that 90s phenom that came sweeping back through teen fashion in 2018, before swiftly disappearing again.  Now, Joey and Ross's wardrobes, as far as I’m concerned, existed to highlight just how utterly boring straight white men can be. Unfortunately, their lame button-ups and ill-fitting pants are still being donned by straight men all over the world. Would it kill you to visit a tailor, Ross? They both dressed like dudes who invite you to their improv shows every week until you block their numbers. Then again, they remind me of how I dressed immediately after coming out as gay and I traded in dresses and mini-skirts for baggier pants and loose tees. In other words, Ross and Joey looked like baby gays before all their hot lesbian friends took them to Wildfang. Relatable.  Between his bowling shirts, mismatched color-blocked button-ups, oversized sweatshirts, and boot-cut denim, Chandler had the best Sapphic Style of the decade—Could he BE any more lesbian? 
 The new bags are a big departure for the luggage brand.  Luggage brand Away has a habit of keeping their multitudes of fans on their toes. Known for their sleek, highly-functional suitcases and travel bags, Away has developed something of a reputation for cool limited-edition collections and colorful collaborations. Just last week, they launched a rainbow cake-inspired collaboration with NYC bakery Flour Shop, and now they're back at it again with something entirely new.  While they've had backpacks and duffle-style day bags for quite some time, today Away took their venture into every day bags to the next level with two brand new styles of tote bags. Made from premium leather, these totes—aptly named the Longitude and Latitude, respectively—are stylish enough to carry to the office, and practical enough to become your go-to "personal item" on the plane.  The Latitude offers a wide, traditional tote shape which can hold up to a 15 inch laptop, while the Longitude provides a taller, more shoulder bag-esque shape that can tote laptops up to 13 inches wide. Designed with on-the-go types in mind, the bags come with a special detachable strap that fits over the handles of Away's signature suitcases for easy travel. Both styles come with a detachable interior zipper pouch and key clip strap and are available in a range of four colors: classic black, forest green, a dusty pink, and a rich wine red.   Check out the full range below, then get yours at Away.  
From: Town & Country US

 They go with everything.   This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Every shoe collection needs a pair of black booties; they're a simple staple that go a long way with what's already in your closet. The key is finding a style that's versatile (to match jeans one day and a dress the next) and, even more importantly has contoured arch support to make them comfortable enough to wear all day.  Meet the Paloma Wedge from Vionic, a bootie made with weather-resistant suede. In the video above, ELLE’s fashion director Nikki Ogunnaike pairs them with two different looks—first, with a white sweater and a black leather suit, and then, dressed down with jeans and a tee. Check it out for more inspo on how to style them yourself, and then get to shopping—trust us, you're going to be obsessed.
 White sneakers are fickle shoes that need to be replaced more often than not. If it's not an unsightly scuff, it's because we've worn them until the soles are paper thin...or because we're itching to buy a new pair after we painfully missed the drop of the Nike x Sacai Waffles. Our enduring love for fresh white kicks—they say a lot about the wearer—makes us constantly hunt for new styles that go with everything. From reliable basics you've worn since middle school to the ugly dad shoe that just won't quit, click through for our edit of the 17 hottest styles ahead. Air Force 1s are the sneakers you buy over and over again (and always in white).  Superga makes some of the comfiest soles. You'll be able to walk for days in these.   Cat lady meets hype bae.  This eco-friendly sneaker has a carbon neutral footprint.   Balenciaga's Triple S sneakers were all the rage in 2018. This year, they're upping the stakes with this sporty, Dad-running-errands shoe.  Whether you’re a toddler or an adult, can’t go wrong with a pair of classic Chucks.  If you're looking for a low-key dad sneaker, Ash perfected it.  Add some shine with surprisingly neutral white and gold kicks.  These flashy sneakers deserve all the attention—and they’ll get it too.  Me: I’m super casual. Also me: I need feathery sneakers.  Ozweegos are Adidas’ answer to the cool grandpa shoe, so naturally we need it in every color.  Is there a better sneaker to pair with floral dresses than Keds?   Common Projects is a cult favorite for those who prefer a minimal look.  With a roster of fans including Gigi Hadid and Ariana Grande, you can't deny the power of Reebok's iconic sneakers.  A slip-on belongs in everyone's wardrobe. When you can’t be bothered with laces, try this three-strap, sustainably made style. Cool girl collaborations with Outdoor Voices and Collina Strada is transitioning Hoka sneakers from hiker-friendly to hyped-up.  
 In a black crop top and leggings, padding around her house during a wardrobe fitting, Nicki Minaj is supremely disarming. She extends a hand, clarifies the spelling of your name, and offers everyone water—she presents herself as a very low-key host. You might think, “Did I really just meet the Nicki Minaj?”  To see her the next day, as she dramatically poses for Steven Klein’s camera, arching her back on a diving board, is to Get It. We’re on a Warner Bros. lot, in a faux cul-de-sac where plenty of onscreen suburban magic has been made—a prime-time wonderland where the Partridge family’s house abuts the Waltons’ and Major Nelson’s. Within spitting distance is the Friends fountain, where the cast gamboled through the opening credits. Beneath Minaj shimmers a swimming pool that has appeared in more films than most working actors. Flanked by male models, she is wearing a pink one-piece bathing suit that curves around her body like a NASCAR track. She is transformed. She is Queen. She is Megatron. She is, to quote the virtuoso verse that imprinted her on the world’s consciousness, a motherfucking monster.  And the clothes she’s wearing—along with those on the coterie of models that surround her—are part of her collection Fendi Prints On, a 127-piece collaboration with the esteemed Italian fashion house that launches in October. The collection includes a women’s, men’s, and children’s line, meaning you could, if you so desired, outfit the whole family in Minaj style.  Minaj has a history with the brand, to say the least. Last year, you might remember, she appeared on the cover of ELLE in a shoot by the late Karl Lagerfeld, Fendi’s then creative director, who appeared in some of the photos with her. It was a busy time for Minaj, but she jumped at the chance to make it happen, boarding a flight from Los Angeles to Paris. “He was always someone I wanted to work with, and I was just counting down the moments [until it happened],” she says. “But I didn’t know if it would ever actually happen.” And her impression of Lagerfeld? “He wasn’t as serious as I thought he would be. He was focused, but not mean. And he was so interesting to just watch in his habitat.” “Cut to” (quoting Minaj, because she has the kind of natural cinematic instinct that queues up the transitions for you) a recording studio “at three, four, five o’clock in the morning.” She started freestyling over a beat that became the basis for her song “Chun-Li.” “I ended up saying, ‘Fendi prints on,’ just freestyling. I didn’t write that lyric down; I was just having fun.” The refrain made its way onto the track. On the cover of the “Chun-Li” single, Minaj wore a Fendi logo fur bomber jacket with a matching vintage Fendi bikini bottom. The seeds of the collaboration were sown. “I can’t believe that when I was doing that little picture that day, with the Fendi jacket and Fendi panties on...” she marvels, “I didn’t think that the actual company would think that that was dope. To know that they liked it that much, and now it’s on a T-shirt, is so iconic to me.”  Wearing head-to-toe double Fs is kind of a dream come true for Minaj. Growing up steeped in hip-hop culture, she explains, “Certain brands have always been sought after, because we’d hear rappers rap about them all our lives, and we think that these brands signify some sort of success in life. And then, when you’re able to actually a afford them, it feels like, ‘Wow, I’ve accomplished one of my goals, at least in the fashion world.’ Now, looking back, I don’t think brands make me successful, but I do think that there are certain ones out there, like Fendi, that make women feel glamorous.” She’s drawn to the logo because “it’s super confident. It’s like, ‘I don’t give a fuck what you feel about it, this is what I’m rocking.’ Hip-hop embodies that cockiness.”  Minaj knows whereof she speaks: She wore a Fendi Mania logo look to the brand’s spring 2019 show last September, and in March she was invited to make a house call. Fendi’s creative director, Silvia Venturini Fendi, recalls that when Minaj made an incognito stop at the house’s Rome headquarters, “I started receiving phone calls from friends saying, ‘My daughter is outside—where is Nicki?’ Every time somebody sees her, in a second it becomes viral.” But her rabid following was just part of the appeal, Venturini Fendi says. “What we liked about Nicki is that she plays with feminine codes, but from her point of view, which is that of a very strong, independent, successful woman,” she says. “She talks about being strong and getting what you want, and I think that it’s kind of liberating for women.”  What I want [to tell] girls is not necessarily, ‘Go and gain weight and have a big booty,’ but ‘If you do have curves, be proud of it, flaunt it—love the skin you’re in.’ Speaking of getting what you set your mind to: Minaj had very specific ideas when it came to design. There had to be hot pink, the specific shade that’s become associated with her—and the color of her piled-high hairdo in her viral “pickle juice” video clip. She knew, she says, that “everybody’s going to be like, ‘Where’s the pink, bitch?’ ” She also wanted to make body-conscious pieces that showcase curves. “I want to make clothes that make girls with my body look sexy,” she says. “We’re in a new time, where you don’t have to feel bad if you’re not the tiniest you’ve ever been. Women, we struggle with that so much, because we’ll go back to old pictures of ourselves, and we’ll be like, ‘I used to be so skinny!,’ and we start making ourselves feel bad. What I want [to tell] girls is not necessarily, ‘Go and gain weight and have a big booty,’ but ‘If you do have curves, be proud of it, flaunt it—love the skin you’re in.’ As clichéd as that sounds, I’ve been really trying to teach myself that. ‘This is who I am; take me or leave me, bye!’ ” The collection, she says, is “for everyone who wants to show skin. We all go to the beach, we all get sexy, we all have sex, we all bust it open!”  Minaj also felt strongly about including pieces that would be accessible to her fans. “If I’m going to do Fendi,” she says, “I want to feel like I’m back in Southside Jamaica, Queens, New York, wearing Fendi. I don’t only want to be front row rocking my Fendi; I want to be in the hood rocking my Fendi, too.” Thus the collection includes more approachable pieces like T-shirts and sneakers emblazoned with her face. Her fans, she says, “are going to be really surprised when they see that I did think of things for them. I totally know that there are a lot of people who think that they can’t afford Fendi, and those are going to be some of our new customers, because they’re going to go and get the sneaker, or the hat, or the T-shirt. If you love your fashion, then sometimes you save up for certain things that you really love.” Minaj famously worked as a waitress prior to her current galactic fame. “When I was doing my 9-to-5,” she says, “this is something that I would have saved up for.”  Minaj has already posted some of the looks on Instagram, including a video of herself wearing a hot pink jacket from the line that riffs on her “Chun-Li” cover outfit, netting over 12 million views. “She really wanted it to be something that she could wear,” Venturini Fendi says. “She’s going to wear it in her real life—it’s not just something that bears her name and that’s it.”  The collection is for everyone who wants to show skin. We all go to the beach, we all get sexy, we all have sex, we all bust it open!” While Lagerfeld, who passed away in February, didn’t live to see the collaboration come to fruition, he championed the project. Minaj recalls a meeting where “we all were super emotional, because we were talking about Karl. I just wish he’d gotten a chance to see this come full circle, because I remember how supportive he was of me on the [ELLE] shoot, and it made me feel really good.” The designer was on her mind throughout this shoot as well. “While I was on set, while I was taking the pictures, I definitely was thinking to myself, ‘Would he be proud of this look? Would he be proud of this pose?’ ” she says.  When we speak, Minaj is working on her upcoming album, which she calls “fierce, fun, and unapologetic.” She adds, “It’s probably the most excited I’ve been about an album release in a really long time. I’m happy that we’re not making my fans wait for another album, like I’ve done in the past.” (Nearly four years passed between The Pinkprint and Queen.) “This one incorporates all the things people love about Nicki, but it also just has a way bigger sound, so it goes perfectly with the collection.”  After this foray into fashion design, would Minaj ever launch her own line? Where most celebrities would give a carefully calibrated, open-ended answer, she is exuberant. “Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes!” she says, giggling. “Yeses across the board, okay? I’ve been really strategic and picky on purpose, turning some things down and waiting for the right opportunities. Once people see that you have selling power and you are able to impact a brand in such a positive way, then I think it’s only a matter of time. The Fendi collection alone made me feel like I would love to continue doing this—getting to that boss status. That’s where I would like to take fashion, for sure.”  Top look: Minaj and models all wear Fendi Prints On. Hair by Dionte “Arrogant Tae” Gray (Minaj) and Ward at the Wall Group (models); makeup by Mila Thomas at Basic White Shirt Ltd. (Minaj)and Kabuki for Chanel (models); manicures by Sreynin Peng; casting by Ricky Michiels; models: Tricia Akello at Muse NYC, Isaiah Hamilton at Ford Models NY, Devin Truss at DT Model Management, and Remington Williams at DNA Models; produced by Lola Production. This article originally appeared in the October 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Forget about the Snuggie. There's nothing like wrapping yourself in a warm, fuzzy blanket only to realize you left the popcorn in the microwave. And so you're forced to press pause on the movie, de-blanket, and bolt to the kitchen and back because you need to return to your comfy cocoon—stat. Seriously, ugh.  Enter: The Comfy, the part-sweatshirt, part-blanket, wholly-magical invention that's, yes, from Shark Tank. Remember the Snuggie? Well forget about it because this Netflix and chill creation is about to steal the spotlight. Made of super soft sherpa, The Comfy is essentially a wearable blanket without all of the hassle that comes with trying to maintain a basic blanket burrito. Think: having to hold your blanket with one hand while, say, grabbing a handful of popcorn with the other. All you have to do is pull The Comfy on like the oversized sweatshirt that it is and pull your legs inside to cover yourself completely on the couch. Thanks to its giant pocket, your hands also have their own little home for staying toasty, and your phone has a place to hang instead of getting lost between the seat cushions. Cold temps still giving you a chill? Throw on the huge hood for maximum coziness, warmth, and, if you think about it, savings on your heating bill.  If this sounds like your type of winter wonderland, that's because it is—according to over 900 positive Amazon reviewers, and one amazing Selena Gomez shoutout.   Wednesdays, a huge bright blue comfy and Winnie. ☀️ A post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Aug 28, 2019 at 12:05pm PDT Yup, that's right. The star took to Instagram in August (it's a year-long fashion statement, FYI) to share her love for her big blue blanket-sweatshirt...and, yes, her dog, who's super cute but did you see The Comfy? I mean look at the comfort level! Available in nine different colors for $39.99, The Comfy is, according to one WH editor, not just "THE BEST thing ever!!!" but also "like a Snuggie on steroids!!" After all, with a name like "The Comfy," you just know it's got to be good. 
From: Women's Health US

 Each fall season, turtlenecks, bomber jackets, and scarves get all the love, but the hoodie is the true star of the autumn season. The now fashion-approved hoodie is no longer relegated to loungewear, athleisure-wear, doing laundry-wear or Sunday scaries-wear—it's fashun and should be treated as such. Dress it up with a leopard midi skirt, trousers and a pair of heeled booties, or joggers if its the cozy girl look you're going for.  Ahead, the ten best hoodie brands to shop on this season.  J. Crew leveled-up the simple grey hoodie by making it thiccc with flare sleeves for a subtle fashun touch.  Champion was legendary before it arrived at Urban Outfitters, but the cool-kid brand made it even more exciting. Now, the once-simple athletic hoodies come in vibrant colors with a can't-miss Champion logo on the brim of the hood.  A simple, comfy hoodie that can be at your doorstep in two days? I'll take three.  Perfect for those misty morning runs, this iteration of the original 1978 Windrunner is a lightweight, breathable hooded jacket with adjustable toggles for a snugger fit.  For when you can't decide if you want to wear a hoodie or a cardigan, Gucci gave you both.   A bright yellow hoodie is the perfect way to feel comfy AF but cool at the same time.  Sure, you can buy a simple Adidas hoodie or a deconstructed version of the classic silhouette, courtesy of frequent Adidas collaborator Danielle Cathari.  All eyes will be on you in this highlighter green hoodie, and for $300, you wouldn't want it any other way. The oversized fit and kangaroo pockets make this classic H&M hoodie a staple year-round.  Monse has a knack for making basics not basique, like this quirky, offbeat hoodie that replaces one sweatshirt sleeve with a flannel one.  
 Bring that cute carry-on, cause you're packing light!   This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In ELLE.com's 60 Second Style, we spend one minute proving that a single item can be majorly versatile with some unexpected how-to-wear tips. You've seen us style a white button down shirt and detail how to wear red boots. Now, fashion director Nikki Ogunnaike demonstrates how to get away with packing just one pair of shoes for your next trip. (Yes, it can be done.)  In the above video, Nikki shows how Vionic's leather Savannah Flat can carry you through all kinds of occasions while you're away—making for light, easy packing.  Slip on the flats with denim-on-denim for a look that's simple and polished at the airport. (Bonus: Vionic's advanced arch support will keep you comfortably on your feet while you're exploring the terminal.) When you land, change into a neutral jumpsuit for a casual day around town, and then swap that out for a fit-and-flare dress at night. Check out the video above to see the full outfits—and then shop the flats yourself.
 London Fashion Week is fully in the swing of things, with Burberry presenting its first ever carbon neutral show today. On Instagram, the brand shared "we have offset our impacts, such as the flights of guests traveling to London specifically for the show and the build and production of the event, through VSC-certified REDD+ projects which prevent deforestation and conserve tropical rainforest in the Brazilian Amazon."  “I feel ready to start exploring what’s at the heart of this incredible brand,” wrote Riccardo Tisci to his audience at today’s show. For Burberry’s new-ish designer, that heart pulses with logos, lace, and new takes on soft power that extend to suiting and sports uniforms. But the action wasn’t limited to the runways. Here's what else you need to know about the historic show, including Kendall Jenner's major hair transformation.   Revealed: The #BurberrySpringSummer20 runway show space. Set in the heart of west London Watch the show live on Instagram, 16 September at 5pm BST  #BurberryShow #LFW #ReBurberry We are proud that the Burberry Spring/Summer 2020 show has been certified as carbon neutral. We have offset our impacts, such as the flights of guests travelling to London specifically for the show and the build and production of the event, through VSC-certified REDD+ projects which prevent deforestation and conserve tropical rainforest in the Brazilian Amazon A post shared by  Burberry (@burberry) on Sep 16, 2019 at 6:53am PDT Riccardo Tisci dropped the beat—literally—with over 20 massive white speakers right onstage. The elevated rave theme continued in the audience, where dance queens (and their kings) like FKA Twigs, Rosalia, Dua Lipa, and Anwar Hadid all sat front row across from New York party priestess (and Alexander Wang BFF) Ladyfag. Kendall, Gigi, and Bella all took the runway, with Anwar Hadid looking on from the audience. But fashion die-hards in the audience seemed most excited by the return of Agyness Deyn, a former style supernova from northern England whose Punky Brewster persona made her a blog star before Instagram. Also spotted: Irina Shayk on the catwalk and Lily Aldridge in the audience. Among Tisci’s most exciting details: white lace basketball shorts with a matching top, worn by a dude in Burberry slides and white tube socks. Sure gender is a construct, but usually it’s illustrated through girls in suits, not boys in frills. We stan.   Do you want a cap that’s half Yankees and half Jacquemus? Look no further than Burberry’s new headwear, with an arched brim that dips so low, you can shield your face from both paparazzi and UV rays. (As one does...) Steal your science goggles from AP lab? Keep them handy—the eyewear at Burberry was an upgraded version of safety specs—but if you want the hardware store or college science hall version, it’s a rather inventive swap. Thomas Burberry’s family crest (which he designed himself) had a unicorn galloping through it. Today in London, Tisci made the magic more explicit: embroidered patches proclaiming “I am a unicorn” were sewn onto garments—presumably by fairies and singing birds.
 Don't get us wrong, we're big fans of a utilitarian tote bag, but a grown-up version makes you feel just that: grown-up. Similar to a chic suit or your favorite pair of shoes, there is power in pieces that make you feel like your life is put together, even if your start-up hasn't quite started up.  That's why we were pleased to see Everlane respond to our needs of an office bag that while functional, is more elevated than your average laptop case. Appropriately labeled the Boss—but priced affordably at a price tag an assistant can justify—this $225 bag is everything you need to channel your inner venture capitalist.   Made of pebbled Italian leather, this sturdy material can handle a scratch if you lightly (ok, aggressively) brush up against someone on the subway. Its simple design is sleek enough for a boardroom, but it won't look out of place at a dive bar for happy hour cocktails. The hobo silhouette is surprisingly roomy too, and can fit a 15-inch laptop and your gym clothes without appearing overstuffed. Like all leather bags made by the eco-friendly company, the Boss Bag is crafted by hand in a factory just outside of Florence, Italy. You're getting the same quality of premium designer goods at a fraction of the cost. It comes in three versatile colors that will weave seamlessly into your work wardrobe—so you can't pretend like you don't need it for your next big meeting.  Dress for the job you want, or the unicorn company you'll eventually lead, with the Boss Bag today. 
 London Fashion Week has a reputation for being a little weird, a little wild, and a lot posh. Literally: Victoria Beckham celebrated her tenth anniversary as a designer with a collection of chic '70s tailoring and flowing dresses, far from her little Gucci dress heyday. Click through to see ELLE.com's favorite looks from her Spring 2020 runway, plus more from designers like Molly Goddard and  Erdem. 
 Designer Demna Gvasalia is hitting the refresh button on his career and has announced that he will be stepping down as head designer at Vetements, the popular Parisian label he founded with his brother, Guram, in 2014.  “Vetements has always been a collective of creative minds. We will continue to push the boundaries even further, respecting codes and the authentic values of the brand, and keep on supporting honest creativity and genuine talent,” Guram Gvasalia, co-founder and chief executive officer of Vetements, told WWD. “What Demna has accomplished over the past few years represents a key chapter in the story of Vetements. We are very grateful to Demna for having contributed to the great momentum of the house.” When Vetements entered the fray in 2014, the Georgian designer set out to turn the fashion industry on its head, operating as a brand focused on putting its own rugged, deconstructed oomph to classic everyday garbs. Demna also had a humorous side. Who could forget Vetements making the DHL Express logo t-shirt the It-shirt of 2018? Or his  Vetements spring summer 2020 collection, which featured playful takes on popular logos like Internet Explorer, Heineken, Planet Hollywood and more.  That said, the Maison Margiela and Louis Vuitton alum feels like his mission at Vetements is complete.  "I started Vetements because I was bored of fashion and against all odds fashion did change once and forever since Vetements appeared and it also opened a new door for so many," Demna told WWD. "So I feel that I have accomplished my mission of a conceptualist and design innovator at this exceptional brand and Vetements has matured into a company that can evolve its creative heritage into a new chapter on its own.” With Vetements behind him, Demna will continue his role at the head of fashion's other disruptive label, Balenciaga. 
 Tracking every fanny pack, bucket hat, and pair of biker shorts to hit the the streets of London Fashion Week. Alexa Chung
 CBD is the miracle ingredient we can't seem to escape. A quick Google search will tell you all you need to know about the cure-all and introduce you to a slew of products infused with the compound, including lattes, candles, lip balms, and more claiming to heal your neck, your back, and now, your foot, thanks to a new collaboration between Lord Jones and Tamara Mellon. Lord Jones, known best for its CBD-infused gummies, teamed up with luxury footwear designer Tamara Mellon to create the answer to all our high-heel woes: High CBD Formula Stiletto Cream. The idea to create the CBD-infused foot cream was birthed after several celebrities, including Busy Phillips and Mandy Moore, revealed that they use CBD creams to numb their foot pain after long hours in heels for red carpet appearances.  Sourced in the United States "to ensure optimal quality and consistency," the Lord Jones x Tamara Mellon High CBD Formula Stiletto Cream also contains cocoa butter, shea butter, and olive oil. If you have a long night in heels ahead of you, just massage a small amount of the cream onto the desired area on each foot, allowing it to absorb before wearing shoes (especially $ shoes...) The Lord Jones x Tamara Mellon High CBD Formula Stiletto Cream retails for $70 and is available now at lordjones.com and tamaramellon.com. 
 And she's bringing it to Kate Spade New York's fall campaign. For a certain type of woman—the kind whose first concert was an Oklahoma! sing-along instead of Hilary Duff—there's no better celebrity than Anna Kendrick. A Broadway kid turned movie star, she's done blockbusters (Pitch Perfect, Twilight), indies (Camp, Drinking Buddies), and a best-selling book ("Scrappy Little Nobody") about her rise to the top. Kendrick is also a fashion model, starring in a series of Kate Spade New York ads with icons like Gloria Steinem. And though she's skipped the past few seasons, the 34-year-old was back in the front row for their Spring 2020 show. There was a lot to love on the catwalk—mosaic prints, elephant bags, and a sandal collaboration with Dr. Scholl's—but for those who worship at the Church of Sondheim, Kendrick was the queen. Does she know it? Let's ask her...  Well, last season I was filming, so I couldn't go anywhere. But I've always been in love with their commitment to fun. They get that it’s fun to dress up, and this is the way to do it. There’s certain brands where you just feel like, “Oh, I must be impossibly slouchy and dour with a cigarette hanging from my mouth, otherwise, I’m not allowed to wear these clothes.” Kate Spade really feels like the opposite. In the beginning, I found her to be so intimidating. But when were on set, she was flipping through some fashion magazine—not [ELLE], I swear!—and she was like, “Huh. You know, the more expensive the clothing, the more miserable the models look.” And I was like, “That’s sooo true.” It’s become a mantra of mine. Are you serious? That's amazing. Oh, you know what's weird? Actually, I’ve done a bunch of stuff in between—comedies, mostly—but their release dates are later! So it’s going to look like I want to be a thriller queen, because A Simple Favor happened and then this, but that’s not really the case. I just loved the LA Confidential vibe in the script, that old-school Chinatown vibe when someone uncovers a scandal and says, “This goes all the way to the top!” I couldn’t want to say a line like that. I’m such a sucker for that shit.  Ooohhhh, yeah! That means a lot to me, honestly. I love that you all still watch that.  I went and saw Hannah Gadsby’s new show, but that's not the drama geek part. No, actually, I had to go to the bathroom at the worst possible time. This very sweet usher was racing me through the theater so I could make it back to my seat before the show started. I was profusely thanking him, and he just started full-on singing, “It’s not where you start, it’s where you finish.” Which is what I sang at the Kennedy Center Honors for Shirley MacLaine, but it’s also from Seesaw, this really obscure musical from the ‘70s. That was a deep cut, and I have to say, I was really impressed. I really appreciate the commitment to the deep cuts. Sure, totally, or maybe we just see the Kate Spade show? 
 No one is having a better week than Rihanna. She shut down NYFW  with a super private Savage x Fenty show (streaming on Amazon later this month) and less than 24 hours later, hosted her fifth annual Diamond Ball benefitting the Clara Lionel Foundation. So what do you wear when the red carpet queen herself invites you to her gala? Allow RiRi's celeb pals to show you how it's done. Here are all the looks from the fifth annual Diamond Ball.  In Givenchy. In Georges Hobeika. In J'aton Couture.
 No matter your music taste, heading to a concert means you're in for two things: 1.) feeling deliriously happy and 2.) waking up to a camera roll full of concert clips that will mean nothing to you in two days. The only thing that could make it better? Perfecting the concert lewk—something that's comfortable enough to keep you dancing all night and look stylish.  That's why we're chiming in to make sure you have everything you need to feel amazing (and win the secret front-row fashion show we all know exists) with these concert-cool essentials.  Trust me on this one—a massive tote filled with airplane bottles is not the move (unless you want to end up holding *everyone's* stuff). Instead, go hands-free with this salmon top-handle satchel to add a touch of femme to an edgy look.  Guess Aretha Mini Satchel  SHOP NOW  Don't fall victim to the outdoor venue. Protect your skin from the elements with this 100 percent invisible sunscreen that won't mess up your concert beauty look.  Glossier Invisible Shield  SHOP NOW No one likes a try-hard—keep it comfy, cool, and casual with a classic striped crop top.  Guess Dean Stripe Crop Top  SHOP NOW  How exactly do you plan on terrorizing your Instagram followers with stories that look like "------------------------------" if you're on low battery mode? Keep the content (that no one asked for) going with a sleek portable battery that fits into any satchel or fanny pack.  Benanna Portable Charger  SHOP NOW  High-waisted, acid-wash denim so fierce the band will spot you even if you're in the last row. Bonus: They've got just the right amount of give for you to show the world your best mom dance moves.  Guess Mom Jeans SHOP NOW 
 Mother, the much beloved L.A.-based denim brand is embracing its free spirited California roots with an inspired 18-piece capsule collection. Launched on 8/8, the date is symbolic in the mystical world as the time when the Lion's Gate Portal opens, promoting spiritual openness and awakenings. And for this week only, you can shop the full range at the brand's SoHo pop-up at 150 Wooster Street.  In true, cheeky, Mother fashion (this is the brand that brought us socks emblazoned with the words "Mother F***er"), vintage wash tees feature sayings such as Mystical AF and Don't Trip while a reversible puffer is emblazoned with a psychedelic aura print. Four distinct denim silhouettes include handmade leather medicine bags containing crystals to help you manifest whatever energies you feel you're lacking.  The architecture firm 8893 which counts Nike and Kith among its clients, designed the space to include a basement sound bath that recreates the zen environment of Muir Woods, complete with projections of redwoods, a healing crystal bar (courtesy of crystal curator Ellen Nguyen), coffee readings and a host of one-of-a-kind artisan goods sourced by co-founders Tim Kaeding and Lela Becker. Personal favorite: the sterling silver and turquoise matchboxes. 
 Though she's only 21, Halima Aden has lived a lot of life. Born and raised in a refugee camp in Kenya, she moved to the U.S. at age seven. In 2017, Aden became the first model wearing a hijab to walk a show during New York Fashion Week. She'd go on to become the first model to pose in a burkini in Sports Illustrated. At this NYFW she announced she's partnering with Fashion Week's new official car sponsor, BMW. Will this be an opportunity for her to be the first person in her family to own a BMW? She hopes so. In an intimate fire side chat with journalist and activist Noor Tagouri, Aden discussed this and more. "Being the first, it's amazing; it's changed my life, but it also means absolutely nothing if there's not a second, a third, a fourth. The journey needs to continue, and it's all about opening the doors so that other people feel like they can walk in. For me, I always try to set a good example. Take modeling and IMG for example. They took me on but it wasn't a matter of signing the first hijabi. They signed Halima. It's not about bringing people just to check a [box on a] list. Everybody is an individual at the end of the day." "Carine Roitfeld was my fashion fairy godmother. My first ever photo shoot was actually for CR Fashion Book's cover but then she also put me on the runway. A lot of people don't realize that at my first initial fitting when I went for Yeezy Season 7, I didn't get the look because it didn't fit my personal wardrobe requirement. I left thinking, ‘Great, now I can't even tell my friends,’ because who's going to believe you, like ‘Oh, I was this close but...’ Nobody's going to believe that. So I was kind of bummed and then I went back to the hotel thinking, ‘Okay, I'm not going to be able to participate in this show,’ but they called us back. They said, ‘Come back, we have a second look,’ and sure enough it worked. That was so important for my career. It was the first time that I knew I didn't have to conform, I don't have to change who I am, and it kind of set the mark for what was to come." "It was absolutely necessary for me to do this because it's not just about, ‘Oh, I'm shooting for a magazine,’ it's about the social awareness that is spreading and the conversation. That piece was on CBS; it was on every single media outlet, and that's important because that means so many more people are now being educated on what a burkini is. And a lot of people are saying that it's beautiful, it's sexy, it's modern; there's nothing wrong with it. If a girl can proudly walk in a bikini, a two-piece, good for her. That's what makes her feel confident. If I want to wear my burkini and that makes me feel my absolute best, I should proudly wear it. So it's about that, and then my mum was like, ‘Okay, you still could have posed better, but okay.’ We got the okay."
 On the last day of New York Fashion Week, we were basically running on coffee and fumes. Thankfully, beautiful clothing, live music, and french fries at Matthew Adams Dolan got us through.     Yalitza Aparicio was the star of this season’s front row, which took in a show infused with American prep, Princess Di blazers, and sweaters declaring NO HATE—a complicated command when mixed with the clothes’ many military accents. Then again, it was kind of perfect: “Make Clothes Not War” is, after all, a Fashion Week mantra for the ages. As a prolific young designer with a lot of buzz, Matthew Adam Dolan is no slouch. His collection was literally slouchy, though, with oversize prep staples like monogrammed oxford shirts ballooning from tight denim minis and twill a-line skirts. Stylist Gabriella Karefa-Johnson looped one model under a circle of cable-knit sleeves, making a country club trend—the tied shoulder sweater—into a cool cocoon cape.  In the future, all our dresses will be 100 percent sustainable and biodegradable. In the present, this leaf dress is delightful, in a Honey I Shrunk the Kids kind of way.  Marc Jacobs, Jeremy Scott, Proenza Schouler, and even Oscar de la Renta have grabbed onto ‘80s pop references for their boldest fall looks. But before Jem and the Holograms made neon eyeliner and spiked pink hair matter to Millennials, Cyndi Lauper pioneered the “happy punk” trend in her groundbreaking 1983 music video Girls Just Wanna Have Fun. When she arrived front row at Libertine, it was a kind of score-settling: This is the original; look and learn. Because she just had a baby (!), Carly Cushnie’s skipped the runways this week, but Cushnie’s new collection is still here in full force. As captured in a photo shoot of inspiring mothers (including Lala Anthony, Bozema St. John, and Cushnie’s own mom Angela), the clothes mix gauzy pastel softness with the tactile strength of knots, twists, and sharp seams. Most looks are either one-and-done dresses or matching monochrome suits—an easy way for busy women to grab their looks and go.  Back in the ‘90s, I wanted to dress like Felicity Merriman. Frankly, I still do. Thanks, Brock Collection, for making my American Girl dreams come true! New York Pilates is notorious for its fashion crowd—in any given class, you’ll be planking beside stylists, editors, and quite a few runway models. So it seems like destiny—or at least savvy business—that the workout hub would making activewear. Designed by Thom Browne alum Elena Kibalchich, the range debuted not on a runway but a workout class, where NYP founder Heather Anderson led models in a series of stretches that showed off the clothes’ structured curved seams and satiny finish, meant to evoke the texture and strength of pointe shoes.  Oooh, so that’s how you wear a fanny pack with a pleated skirt. Super cute, solid recommendation, buying one immediately.  In a rather ingenious move, Dion Lee took a common party hack—keeping your credit card in your bra so you can dance without a bag—and turned it into a brand new garment. Behold the cargo bra, with pockets for the very few essentials and freedom from everything else. How modern is that? Another case for monochrome comes from this New York label, with ice blue suiting and red-on-red party outfits that looked like if you wore them, your life would instantly upgrade.
 Sixty-six years ago today, Jacqueline Bouvier floated down the aisle of a Newport, Rhode Island, church in ivory silk-taffeta to wed her handsome then-junior senator fiancé John F. Kennedy.  The portrait-neckline gown, with its full bouffant skirt, has been indelibly etched in sartorial history as one of the most iconic wedding-day looks of all time, along with Grace Kelly's elegant MGM-made bridal frock and Kate Middleton's dreamy Alexander McQueen creation. Jackie's dress design was the genius of a little-known Black seamstress named Ann Lowe, who was "way ahead of her time," legendary Ebony magazine fashion commentator Audrey Smaltz tells ELLE.com. "Someone who was just extremely, extremely talented."  Lowe—who opened the door for independent designers of all colors and creeds specializing in formal wear—didn't have an easy path to becoming one of the most sought-after couturiers. She faced constant racial discrimination while working for America's most elite families, including the du Ponts, the Roosevelts, the Rockefellers, and, of course, the Kennedys.   Lowe was born in Clayton, Alabama, in 1898, with fashion running through her veins. Her grandmother, Georgia Cole, made clothes for her plantation mistress before she was freed in 1860, and her mother, Jane Lowe, specialized in embroidery. Lowe especially loved creating fabric flower adornments, which would later become her speciality. "She learned from them," National Museum of American History Curator Emeritus Nancy Davis has said. "She was really gifted, but she was also part of this lineage of seamstresses... and really capable ones."  Together, the three generations of women started a dress company in Montgomery. When her mother died suddenly In 1914, Lowe, at age 16, picked up most of their commissions, including one for the First Lady of Alabama. Word of her superior skills with a needle and thread spread quickly and, three years later, Lowe was accepted to New York's S.T. Taylor Design School. She had a separate work space from her white classmates, but was often used as an example because of her ability to craft perfectly stitched garments. After graduation, Lowe opened her own shop, Ann Lowe’s Gowns, in Harlem, catering to Manhattan's social elite. She charged next to nothing for her exquisite designs and soon became known as the Big Apple's "best-kept secret."  "I love my clothes and I'm particular about who wears them," Lowe once told Ebony. "I am not interested in sewing for... social climbers. I do not cater to Mary and Sue. I sew for the families of the Social Register."  Lowe became acquainted with Janet Lee Bouvier, who commissioned her to create her daughter Jackie's wedding dress, in addition to all of the bridal party dresses, for the 1953 nuptials. "Ann had designed other dresses and gowns for Jackie and and various members of the Auchincloss-Bouvier family, so she knew their taste and what looked good on each of them," Julia Faye Smith, author of Ann Lowe's biography Something to Prove, tells ELLE.com. "When it came time for the wedding, her mother had definite ideas about the type of gown she wanted her daughter to have. Large, elegant fabric, a fairy tale dress. There are questions about what Jackie really wanted and if she liked the final product as much as the world did. Perhaps we'll never know."   Inspired by a recent visit to Paris, the bride wanted something simple and French-looking to wear on the big day, however the Kennedy patriarch disagreed. JFK's father, Joe Kennedy, had final approval on the design.  "Ann did like to please her clients though, and I know she would have wanted the bride to be happy with her gown," says Smith. "Ann reported conferring with the bride on the design and colors for others in the wedding party, so Jackie probably had some say in the design of her own gown."    For two months, Lowe and her team of seamstresses, designers, and assistants worked overtime cutting and sewing the gown's ornate folds made from more than 50 yards of silk taffeta. But just ten days before the wedding, disaster struck: A waterline in their studio broke and spewed gallons of water not only on the bridesmaids dresses, but also on the wedding dress. Everything was ruined.  "Ann, understanding high society at this point, knew that this commission by the bride and her family had to be completed or she would lose her place as Society's secret designer, and most probably her entire business," says Smith. "      Wiping tears away and calling on her intrinsic gumption, Ann purchased  more of the exquisite fabrics, hired extra help to help her staff, and they all worked night and day to, once again, complete the wonderful assignment."   Lowe, who expected to net a profit of $700 for her work on Kennedy wedding, actually suffered a $2,000 loss on the assignment after absorbing the cost of the replacement fabric. She never told the bride or the bride's mother about the incident. When Lowe arrived in Newport to hand-deliver the gowns, a staff member told her to enter through a service entrance in the back, according to the Smithsonian. She reportedly countered, "I'll take the dresses back" if she had to use the back door—and walked right on in. She reportedly countered, "I'll take the dresses back" if she had to use the back door—and walked right on in. The lavish wedding was written about in nearly every newspaper in the country—and all anyone wanted to know was who designed the dress. When asked, however, Jackie reportedly responded, "a colored dressmaker did it."  "Years later Mrs. Kennedy was quoted as saying something [else] that Ann felt belittled her to a degree. She wrote Mrs. Kennedy stating her views.  Within days Mrs. Kennedy's secretary called Ann. She explained that Mrs. Kennedy had not seen the final text before publication and did not know that Ann would be referred to as she was in the article," says Smith. "The White House sought retraction, but the publication never followed up on it. Still, Ann felt no animosity toward the Kennedy's." Lowe and the future First Lady went on to develop a working relationship with "an element of respect and trust between the two," says Smith. "I'm sure Jackie must have respected Ann's talent and skill and probably treated Ann respectfully. In turn, this would have resonated with Ann and she would have returned the respect."  When Lowe began to lose both her eyesight and her business due to back taxes, an anonymous benefactor stepped in to help financially. "Ann always felt it was Mrs. Kennedy, and I like to think it was and that she did so because she had learned of the wedding dress disaster and Ann's integrity in righting the situation," says Smith.  When the legendary seamstress died at the age of 82, she was relatively unknown. Her business had floundered beyond repair after fairytale frocks with flounces and flowers went out of style. Her biggest claim to fame, the Bouvier-Kennedy wedding dress, was practically forgotten forever.  Jackie Kennedy's wedding dress is one of the most well remember and often imitated wedding looks of all time. However, its designer, Ann Lowe, never received the credit for it in her lifetime. When asked who made the dress Jackie simply responded ”a colored dressmaker”. pic.twitter.com/fFc4fCEZ9r Now Lowe is in the spotlight again thanks to a viral tweet from a 19-year-old marketing student. Keshaun Connor, who tweets under the handle @thatssokeshaun, tells ELLE.com he posted a thread about Lowe's life after coming across her exhibit at the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C.  "I'd had the idea for a while," he says, "and just got a burst of inspiration."  His tweet has now been liked over 32,000 times and prompted responses like this from Twitter user @Lala_toonice, "I’ve been saying this for years! She was literally one of the first known black fashion designers and her designs were beautiful at that! She had such an amazing personality as well and always did what was best for her soul. She deserved so much more than she received back then." "We need to remember Ann as a woman who, in the face of some of great adversity, persevered," says Smith. "She knew what she was capable of doing, and she worked throughout her life to achieve it. From the Jim Crow South to the skyscrapers of New York, there were obstacles placed before her, but she proved that a designer of her race, or of any race, could become a major designer."
  Meet Dolce&Gabbana’s Sicily 58 and 62 bags.  Letting go of the summer and returning to real life in the fall isn’t easy. September, like January, is a month defined by change, news, and a willingness to start out new.  Adopting a new work look is an easy way to get your head in the game. A tip: Anchor whatever you decide to wear to the office post-Labor Day with a great handbag. The  new Dolce&Gabbana Sicily bags tick all the boxes for a great work bag: stylish, practical, functional, and durable. Classical but modern, Sicily 58 bag is renowned for its iconic external front flap; it can be carried by hand, on the shoulder, or as a cross-body. Sicily 62 bag, defined by femininity and a minimalist elegance, is a shopper featuring a central opening and two spacious compartments. From meetings in the office to a full day on the go, here’s how the new Sicily bags can take you from desk to dusk.   A stress-free commute into the office makes all the difference. Keep your morning seamless by packing up your Sicily bag the night before: laptop, notebook, makeup bag—check, check, and check. Let the work day begin. You can unpack your essentials, set up your laptop  and get started. Whether your afternoon plans include lunch with clients or catching a quick yoga class, the Sicily bag is the perfect size for shuffling around during the day. And we’re out, but the day isn’t over yet. A present for a weekend birthday party, a quick trip to the supermarket, or happy hour with friends—the day hardly ends when work is over. Make sure that whatever you need post-office is easily accessible and packed up in the structured Sicily bag. A weeknight dinner or (more) drinks with friends: Whatever the plan is, stopping at home first is not an option. Having a bag that can aesthetically pull double-duty is key. The rich colors of the Sicily bags, along with the top-quality leather and gold finishings, are what allow them to seamlessly transition from day to night in style.
 Though Serena Williams may not have won the Grand Slam at the US Open, the tennis player scored big at the Fall 2019 presentation of her S by Serena Williams collection.  Presented at New York Fashion Week with Klarna Style360, the is a celebration of women who break limits, boundaries and tradition, according to the press release. For Williams, that means women like her mother, who she counts as one of her biggest inspirations, along with fellow tennis greats Billie Jean King and sister Venus Williams. "Even Anna Wintour," the designer told ELLE.com backstage before the show.  "She’s broken so many boundaries and she’s so brave and so amazing and wow. These are women that I really look up to." Inspired by 1990s street fashion with a modern touch, Williams looked to iconic models when starting the collection. "Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford and actually even look at her daughter Kaia who’s just doing beyond amazing and I’m obsessed. I love her," said the designer. "We looked at that and then we just kind of were like, ‘Ok, how do we bring a little bit of a moderness to this, yet keep some of those elements? Runway looks like bodycon purple zebra print, wearable black jumpsuits, and neon rompers answered the designer's question. Hits also included a suede coat that opened the show, plus smart plaid suiting, and leopard print wrap dresses.    Shown on a range of body types (the collection ranges in size from XS to 3X), Williams tells ELLE.com inclusivity was definitely on the brain while she was designing. "We call our larger sizes ‘Great.’ We just want everyone to know that some pieces are exclusively ‘Great’ so ‘Great’ can feel ‘Great’ in their own pieces."  The designer continued, "It was important for me to create different things for different people and different body types. I like the word inclusivity as opposed to exclusive because I feel like when you’re inclusive, it just makes a difference and it’s where we should be heading more now." Coming off of what can only be described as a hectic week, I asked Williams how she deals with stress and feeling overwhelmed. "I keep telling myself this (gestures to my bracelets that read 'This is Fine' and 'Breathe') which I love. I don’t know. I just try to tell myself not to have a ton of anxiety and just to relax. Easier said than done, I haven’t quite done that yet, but I’m working on that." 
 ELLE's resident photographer, Tyler Joe, is out on the streets at New York Fashion Week photographing the best looks you won't see on the runway. Click through for our favorite street style outfits, plus check back for daily updates. 
 VERA WANG    You were expecting a wedding dress? Oops. Instead, Vera Wang returned to the New York fashion calendar with a Dark Crystal kind of magic, replete with sheer midnight lace, whirlpool hems made from tulle, and chain mail armor accents, because let’s face it, before that Vera Wang wedding dress—and sometimes well after—love is a battlefield.OSCAR DE LA RENTA  Beauty for beauty’s sake gets panned by some critics, but right now, I’ll take all the good news I can get. And this daffodil dress and ballerina bun combo is very good news.JAHNKOY  My family took a boat from Russia to the south Bronx two lifetimes ago, and that’s why I’m here. Artist Maria Kazakova got here from the motherland a lot more recently, but her brash tapestry of Soviet fonts, Siberian embroidery, and black American culture was one I recognized intimately from my older cousins—the whitest kids at every neighborhood block party, and the coolest ones at every Rosh Hashanah dinner. Whether this particular combo can resonate beyond New York City—where most of our kin, by fortune or force, got here on ships —is touch and go, but I’ve never met a suburban teen (including myself, way back when) who didn’t want sweatshirts to propel them somewhere more interesting.PROENZA SCHOULER  OMG Proenza Birkenstocks! Discuss. When you’re done, pay careful attention to the hair by Guido Palau for Redken, with ponytails wrapped tightly in black leather strips. It’s severe and sexy, and possibly referencing S&M culture... though the actual clothes are more pleasure than pain, except for the price tags.CYNTHIA ROWLEY      
 Our 2 am chat with the Savage x Fenty superstar. The world begins and ends with Rihanna, and so did Tuesday night.  At 9:30 pm sharp, the superstar appeared front row center at her own Savage x Fenty fashion show, performing a dance routine choreographed by Parris Goebel that was fierce, fearless, and (in the parlance of Dance Moms) technically perfect. Kacey Musgraves screamed. Ashley Graham screamed. Chris Rock looked pleased. And yes, we screamed.  Fast forward a bit—past Gigi's magnetic strut in a boned black corset, past Cara's swish-swish with a sequined paddle, past Laverne Cox taking no prisoners in a Barbie-pink bustier and matching stiletto booties, past DJ Khaled chanting "Deeeeeejay Khaaaaaled," and into the witching hour of 2 am. That's when Rihanna arrived in an Alexander Vauthier couture dress and a matching aura of shimmering accomplishment. (There were also sparkly sunglasses.) Being very lucky and very scared, we crept forward to commune with Our Lady of Baddest Bitches. Here's how it went. It's important, right? You belong in these pieces. You, me, trans women, women of all sizes, paraplegic women, all women are important women! All women belong here, on the biggest platform I can give them. I wanted to highlight women who are powerful. To me, power in whatever way you master it is very sexy. And with someone like Normani, you know, she's an incredible dancer, and dance is athleticism. Dance is powerful. It would be a shame to miss out on the opportunity to have that kind of beauty and power in the show. I do what I can! Look, I'm not nearly as good a dancer as Normani, but I will try. I will dance in these pieces in my kitchen until we get it right! Which is what I did, believe it or not. I only had two-and-a-half hours of rehearsal so I had to, like, get it where I could fit it in. Usually it was while I was doing other approvals. People are like, "Hey, pick this model! Pick this look!" And I'm like this—[She starts doing the opening moves from her dance number.] No, listen, it happens! I'll rehearse anywhere because I want it to be perfect. If you're passionate enough about something, you'll get it done.  Wait... wait! OH! Cufflinks. I kid you not. I swear to god, the last thing I bought was cufflinks.  Not for me! You know, it's irrelevant who they were for. But I will tell you, I bought a pair of Darth Vader cufflinks off Amazon. He's an evil dude, but the cufflinks were great. And they only cost 17 bucks, too! How good is that?! Hmmm... Oooooh, well listen. You know your assets, right? What do you want to show off? Your jawline, your ass, your legs, your waist, your tits? We've all got things we love about our bodies, and so what's great is, we make things that highlight every type of body. So what are you, a tits girl, right? Find your assets, show them off, and you're good. Also, chances are, your man will tell you what he wants to see. Is he an ass man? Is he a tits man? He'll tell you. They always do.    
 An ongoing look at the model's best outfits. From cutout dresses on red carpets to sleek suits at Cannes, Bella Hadid's style is always on point. Here, an ongoing look at the model's best outfits. Leaving the Marc Jacobs show during New York Fashion Week. Walking the Michael Kors Spring/Summer runway show during NYFW. Attending Savage X Fenty show during NYFW at Brooklyn's Barclays Center. Posing with sister Gigi and Serena Williams at the launch of YouTube.com/fashion. Attending the TOMMYNOWxZENDAYA NYFW show at Harlem's Apollo Theater. Leaving a party at New York's Cipriani. Spotted in Manhattan. Walking the Ralph Lauren Spring/Summer runway show during NYFW. Walking the Brandon Maxwell Spring/Summer show during NYFW. At the MTV Music Video Awards in New Jersey. Wearing Diesel in Tribeca. Attending the Louis Vuitton Menswear Spring/Summer 2019 show during Paris Fashion Week. Attending the CFDA Fashion Awards at the Brooklyn Museum. Out and about in Manhattan. Spotted at the Cannes Film Festival. At the Cannes Film Festival. At a Dior dinner during the Cannes Film Festival. At the Met Gala. Heading to a Met Gala event. Walking through New York City. Spotted in New York's Chelsea neighborhood. Wearing an all-denim ensemble in New York. Arriving at designer Marc Jacobs' New York City wedding reception. Attending Variety's Power Of Women event at New York's Cipriani Midtown. Spotted in Paris. Clutching a copy of a Stephen King book while in Milan. Leaving her hotel in Paris. On a coffee run in Paris. Arriving at the Missoni fashion show during Milan Fashion Week. Out and about for Milan Fashion week with Gigi.
 See the 'Game of Thrones' star's best style moments. Emilia Clarke may be finishing her final press run for Game of Thrones, but the actress's red carpet style has been on point for years. Here, ahead of the 2019 Emmy Awards where Game of Thrones is nominated, we bring you our favorite red carpet looks from Daenerys Targaryen. Walking to a media appearance in Los Angeles. Attending the Time 100 Gala at New York City's Lincoln Center. At a Game of Thrones press conference at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in NYC. Attending the premiere of Game of Thrones' final season in New York City. Heading to an interview in New York City. At the Vanity Fair Oscars after party. Attending the Academy Awards in Balmain. At a BFI London Film Festival Awards party at The Unit Gallery in London. At the premiere of HBO's My Dinner with Hervé. At the Emmy Awards in Dior. Attending Lincoln Center American Songbook Gala honoring HBO's Richard Plepler at NYC's Lincoln Center. Strolling through Soho during the Solo press tour.  Walking the streets of Manhattan during the Solo press tour. At the New York premiere of Solo. At a SiriusXM event in NYC. At a photo call for Solo in London. At the Cannes Film Festival screening of Solo: A Star Wars Story. At the Cannes Film Festival. At the Cannes Film Festival photo call for Solo: A Star Wars Story. At the premiere of Solo: A Star Wars Story. At the Met Gala in Dolce & Gabbana. At the Critics' Choice Awards in LA. At the Golden Globe Awards in Miu Miu. In Hollywood, at the 7th Annual Sean Penn & Friends HAITI RISING Gala benefiting J/P Haitian Relief Organization. At The BAFTA tea party at Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles. Attending the AFI Awards in Beverly Hills. At a W Magazine event at the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles. Spotted in Los Angeles. At a Wimbledon event in London. At the Emmy Awards in Versace.
 Fashion Month has come to an end, leaving us with a very clear view of everything we’ll be wearing next spring. Designers are predicting big pants, short shorts, and an official end to tiny bags. Scroll through for the biggest trends from the spring 2020 season here.   Our relationship with the two-piece suit is turning into a ménage a trois with the resurrection of the waistcoat. Wear the vest alone to a formal event, à la Ralph Lauren, or get dapper with a tailored three-piece like they did at Burberry.   For those who prefer practicality over the micro trends, it's finally time to retire 2019's itty-bitty-it-bags that didn't fit anything to begin with. Think big. Bottega Veneta and Off-White are ushering in XXL editions large enough to fit all of your life's problems. Literally—they can probably fit your therapist.   Who wears short shorts? If you’re a Brandon Maxwell or Chanel woman, you do. Set your expectations high and keep your inseams higher with the newest versions of hot pants that are so tiny, they might technically be hot (under)pants? Whether you choose a leather, satin, or denim pair, these shorties will make your legs go on for days, months, and even years. Last season’s trend guide saw the beginning of a Renaissance love affair, but designers like Mugler are bringing corsets out of the sheets and onto the streets—if you're feeling vampy, that is. Snatch that waist with sheer bodices, traditional boning, and more cinched styles we're eager to wear next spring. Florals for spring? Groundbreaking, if they come in a swinging '60s motif. Fendi, Louis Vuitton, and more top designers suggest graphic prints that could double as the wallpaper of a time capsuled living room, except it looks thoroughly refreshing as a contemporary sundress.  We typically reach for basic black or brown when it comes to leather goods, but Rochas and others are encouraging you to get colorful. Designers offered a rainbow's worth of buttery leather in hot pinks, kelly greens, and more bright ideas. A white suit can seem intimidating, but the slouchy versions seen at Deveaux (photographer Tommy Ton’s second foray behind a runway, not a camera), transition the monochrome set into daily wear. Alternatively, you can opt for upscale in an elegant lace set from Alexander McQueen, '80s prep in Tory Burch, or get posh with Victoria Beckham. You likely have a polka dot dress hanging in closet right now, but next spring is the season to wear it on the daily. We spotted the trend at Marc Jacobs, Dries Van Noten, and Altuzarra, where they all refreshed the classic print in new shapes and sizes.  Say goodbye to dainty necklace layers this spring, because Prada, Gucci, and Bottega Veneta are calling for a singular statement. Collar necklaces are on the come-up in clunky materials like oversized seashells, oversized chains, and more, say it with me, oversized collarbone-grazing styles. We're seeing the prep trend all over the runway, but the coolest way to get the look without overdoing the look is through your feet. Loafers are cropping up in futuristic shapes at Louis Vuitton, and there was an unexpected OTK loafer at Loewe.  Not into basics? Go in the opposite direction with zany silhouettes that venture in haute couture territory. Fashion darling Tomo Koizumi experimented with what can only be dubbed 'Sesame Street meets Takeshita Street in Harajuku', and the internet went nuts. Other designers followed suit—meaning they did the exact opposite in funky peplums, strange bustles, and more unusual shapes.  According to Givenchy and Jacquemus, we're wearing bras at the office. Get the business-meets-pleasure look (or reserve it for your next beach vacation) with the undergarment as outerwear this spring.  If there's one accessible trend to cop next season, it's the rope belt. We saw the twisted accessory walk the runways of Christian Dior, Stella McCartney, and Valentino, but technically you can cop it from your local hardware store.  When designers aren’t thinking small—in terms of short shorts—they’re suggesting a super wide-legged pant for spring. Test it in a trending cargo like we saw at Tibi, or go all out with Carolina Herrera’s tent-like trousers.  This isn't your arts and crafts crochet. Brands like Marni and Giambattista Valli elevated the grandma textile in the form of chic maxi dresses and fringed capes, bringing you into the year 2020. 
 NYFW is declaring the next wave of accessories trends, and we're welcoming them with open arms. Here, the hottest jewelry, belts, sunglasses and more from the Spring/Summer 2020 season.  Jewelry by Tasaki Atelier by Prabal Gurung. Jewelry by Tasaki Atelier by Prabal Gurung. Jewelry by Tasaki Atelier by Prabal Gurung.
 Next year's it-bags are finally starting to crop up at NYFW, and we're taking notes. Think leather shoulder bags trimmed in ostrich feather, bedazzled evening bags you'll re-style with denim, and, of course, the itty-bitty bag (because sometimes you choose style over practicality.) Click through to see what your favorite brands—including Brandon Maxwell, Staud, and Tory Burch—are showing on the runways. 
 On Day 4 of New York Fashion Week, we were basically running on coffee, mascara, and the promise of Tom Ford. Along the way, we discovered some really beautiful clothes that were a new kind of wake-up call... though yeah, more coffee would also be nice. If trends are gambles, Wes Gordon wants to up the ante. The Carolina Herrera designer blurred oversized floral prints into tie-dye-esque patterns, acknowledging the fad without trying to zip The Grateful Dead into evening gowns. For those who prefer their clothes super-pretty but still self-aware, this show says, “game on.” Do. Not. Panic. Yes, Nicky Zimmermann disrupted her usual hit parade of structured lace Insta-candy with a riotous orange and pink print lifted from vintage surf posters. But by the time Florida native Grace Elizabeth closed the show in a tomato-red eyelet gown, the influencer crowd that relies so heavily on Zimmermann’s pieces for clickbait looked noticeably thrilled. All hail a navy blue and black combo, from the midnight trench and black boots to the blue-black UZI eyeliner! This look is perfect for witches-in-training, along with women deigning to slay their inbox like a knight coming for a dragon. (That’s SIR Brienne to you, Jaime.)  @zeromcornejo A little spring, a little summer, a lot of 🔥 A post shared by  Christine Muhlke (@xtinem) on Sep 9, 2019 at 4:13pm PDT One of the most revered women in New York fashion made a collection sufficiently worthy of worship, especially for adults who enjoy looking like adults. There was no glitter, no torn denim, not even a bell-shaped sleeve. Just a series of quietly powerful clothes that look effortless because of training and hard work. Never change, ZMC. The best scene in Roman Holiday is when Audrey Hepburn flips out for pajamas. She thinks they’re cool, and fun, and—since she’s a princess under very tight rules—she’s never allowed to wear them. Lela Rose channeled that energy in her own pajama-cut suit, stamped with a city skyline and way too fun to be kept indoors, even if “indoors” is a palace.  Did she know the backdrop at Tom Ford would be red? Did she just pick the red suit for his front row because it’s a knockout? Either way, this photo op outside Mr. Ford’s Spring 2020 show is a cosmic force. Listen, Stacey Bendet makes clothes we all want, whether they’re office-conquering blazers or dresses that scorch the dance floor. But if she’s ever tired of the fashion racket, we hope she becomes a set designer, because damn, these vignettes! Excuse me while I figure out if I can live on paper flowers and a sleeveless dress alone. This guy must have hacked into our group chat. How else would he know we never have enough outfits with pockets, and make some go-anywhere blazers with three giant pocket panels on both sides? That’s like a Mophie, a lip balm, a lip balm for when you can’t find the first one, and an iPhone, so we can text Jonathan Simkhai and be like, “Hey, this is really working for us. Thanks.” Oh and if you're not the pocket type of gal, try one of his newly-launched bags.   feel like throwing away all my clothes and starting from scratch. A post shared by  laia garcia-furtado 🇵🇷 (@geometricsleep) on Sep 9, 2019 at 9:40pm PDT We’re used to seeing sent-from-heaven staples like oxford shirts and camel coats, built to perfection and priced exclusively for the one percent. What’s new is this floaty collage of sheer shapes that’s honestly a little weird, and gratifyingly so. We can’t stop thinking about it. Paris Hilton’s been toting this tiny chihuahua around with her all day. Here she is in a teeny Wonder Woman costume.
 "I know what you're thinking," says Martha Stewart. "What the heck am I doing here?" Here would be a 30-minute burlesque show, complete with black lace bustiers, bedazzled thongs, fake nails sculpted into lethal talons, and Paris Hilton clinging to a spangled Eiffel Tower, because why not? The occasion was The Blonds' annual fashion... something. It's a fashion show, all right, but it's more than a runway parade and less than an orgy. Maybe it's a festival for the beautiful and the damned. Are we praying to the gods of Bedazzlers past? For sure. But this season, we're also paying tribute to the theeeeeatre, specifically the sensory overdose that is Broadway's Moulin Rouge. In a Fashion Week first, the designers have commandeered the Al Hirschfeld theater in Times Square and slotted their designs into actual scenes from the musical, which stars dreamboat Aaron Tveit and... I mean, honestly, I kind of stopped paying attention after Aaron Tveit. "I have tickets to Moulin Rouge in October," said Martha Stewart. "I really liked the movie and I really love the actual Moulin Rouge, in Paris! But I came to this show because I'm friends with the producers and the people from the Hirschfeld theater. They invited me, and I want to support them. But The Blonds, what do I know about them? It's two designers with the last name Blond. They're not related. They are together. And until now, I have never seen their clothes," which include so many crystals and gilded seams that a chandelier from Versailles might be missing. (Seriously, has anyone checked?)  Along with beaded nipple covers and spread-eagle dance moves, the show also had several metric tons of confetti and glitter, some of which naturally landed on the audience. "Do you have a very powerful vacuum?" Stewart asked me. "Glitter is one of the most invasive materials ever. A vacuum is kind of the only way to keep it under control." I mention the fashion trick of using masking tape against one's eyelids to nix leftover glitter eyeshadow—but Martha Stewart is #NotImpressed. "You're putting tape on your face? Nooo. I think you might be better off with a steaming hot bath or shower. A really long one. That's the best way to get rid of everything on your skin." The lights dimmed. The show started. It was a scream-your-guts-out kind of spectacle, with Broadway's best belting "Lady Marmalade" and dancing like everyone was watching. (We were.) Devon Windsor posed in bejeweled stiletto boots so high, they skimmed her pubic bones. Halima Aden made her Broadway debut in a giraffe-print leather suit. Billy Porter brought a crowd full of drag queens to total silence with a song-slash-sermon from Kinky Boots. And yes, Aaron Tveit appeared to sing the famous "Elephant Love Medley" to actress Ashley Loren, who sang "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend" like a true pop siren while bouncing a massive leather bow on her butt.    Too extra for Martha Stewart's own wardrobe? Likely—but the American icon has her own brand of fashion magic, and she's not afraid to share it. "The last thing I bought was actually from Wolford," she said. "It was a very nice piece of underwear." No glitter, though.
 New York Fashion Week is officially here, and we're rounding up the freshest looks from the SS20 runways. Jeremy Scott showcased a campy take on The Flintstones, Brandon Maxwell reinterpreted bombshell Hollywood glam, and R13 convinced us that we need a shirt that's perhaps best described as 'Hot Cheetos meets Guy Fieri.' Click through for our roundup ahead, and check back regularly as NYFW continues.  
 Katy Perry is certainly no wallflower when it comes to fashion. Whether she is sporting neon hair or retro glamour, she's constantly catching eyes and turning heads. Here, we take a look back at her best outfits over the years. Arriving at London's Ham Yard Hotel. Attending the premiere of partner Orlando Bloom's series Carnival Row in Hollywood. At a Capitol Music event in LA. On a yacht in Ibiza. Walking through LA. Attending the YouTube Music & Katy Perry Fan Experience at YouTube Space LA. Arriving to film American Idol.  Arriving at an American Idol filming. At the launch of her new shoe line at Macy's Herald Square in New York.  Heading to a press appearance in Manhattan. Attending the Met Gala alongside Bella Hadid. Walking the Met Gala red carpet.  At a taping of American Idol.  Arriving at a studio in London. Shopping at Liberty London. At a filming of American Idol. Performing during the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage 50th Anniversary Festival. Attending a filming of American Idol. Performing with Zedd at Coachella. Attending a taping of American Idol. Attending the 10th Annual DVF Awards at Brooklyn Museum. Attending a performance of Wicked on Broadway. Performing during Capital One JamFest at the NCAA March Madness Music Series in Minneapolis.  Attending Capital One JamFest at the NCAA March Madness Music Series in Minneapolis.  Spotted leaving Good Morning America in NYC. Outside of Good Morning America in NYC. Appearing on Jimmy Kimmel Live! Attending Mark Ronson’s Club Heartbreak Grammy party. Walking the Grammy Awards red carpet. Performing alongside Dolly Parton and Kacey Musgraves at the Grammy Awards.
 We're never not shopping for new shoes, and the Spring/Summer runways at New York Fashion Week are offering up the latest goods we're adding to our wish list. From Tory Burch's preppy luxe loafers to the definition of a minimalist heel at Helmut Lang, click through for the best shoes from NYFW. 
 Tommy Hilfiger and Zendaya Coleman's first outing was a very big deal featuring none other than Grace Jones. Last night, they managed to top themselves staging a cinematic '70s-inspired collection at the historic Apollo Theater in Harlem. The show was held just outside the theater (the auditorium was used as a production staging area). The city streets were closed to traffic apart from the models who walked and danced among classic vintage cars on a road-turned-runway. Behind them, dancers of all ages performed on a pair of Harlem stoops made especially for the occasion. Here's everything else that happened.   There Was Merch The "See Now, Buy Now" collection of '70s-inspired snakeskin-print power suits, wrap dresses, scarf blouses, and page boy caps is available now. But guests—including several of the models who walked in the show—crowded the theater's merchandise booth to purchase the exclusive TommyXApolloXZendaya T-shirts. They were designed specifically for the evening with all proceeds donated to the Apollo.  An All-Star Cast Sara Sampaio, a pregnant Ashley Graham, Halima Aden, Winnie Harlow, Candice Huffine, and Yasmin Warsame walked the show alongside Alek Wek and Soojoo Park. The Soundtrack Was Everything A lone trumpeter opened the show. Over 20 artists from Harlem's Mama Foundation for the Arts performed the throwback hits. Aretha Franklin's "Respect", Bobby Womack's "110th Street" and James Brown's "Get Up Offa That Thing" pulsated through the Harlem night air. Coleman, Hilfiger and Coleman's longtime stylist Law Roach took their bows to Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up." The Cast of Euphoria Was There Hunter Schafer, Barbie Ferreira, and Sydney Sweeney showed their support for their Euphoria castmate Zendaya from the front row. Gigi and Bella Hadid and Gigi's maybe-boyfriend Tyler Cameron were also all present and accounted for.  
 Diversity and inclusion is a never ending topic of discussion within the fashion industry. How does a brand successfully include and market to all types of women without veering into tokenism territory? At Kate Spade New York, designer Nicola Glass offered up a take with a refreshing mix of models, influencers, and “real” women who wore her designs with ease.  Grace Elizabeth and Karen Elson checked the notable model box, but it was the unexpected models like art curators Nicola Vassel and Kimberly Drew, twin sisters and Instagram-famous influencers Reese and Molly Blustein, and influencer Lyn Slater of Accidental Icon who made the show feel less like a fashion show and more like a gathering of your chicest friends. Debi Mazar and her daughter Evalina even popped up, much to the delight of all the Younger fans in the audience. “Today we’re on a city safari, where every turn and wardrobe choice is an adventure,” read the brand show notes. While signature feminine shapes, ditzy florals, and kicky prints were present through out the collection, Glass offered safari-ready greens, whites, and khaki for the customer who may prefer her Kate Spade in a more streamlined fashion. This is a right step for the brand. It feels elevated and fresh, a sure fire way to capture new consumers. 
 Kate and Laura Mulleavy are skipping New York Fashion Week—except they’re totally not. The Rodarte designers (and California sisters) did a sneak attack on the style world this month, dropping a look book into the ether that put Rowan Blanchard, Gabrielle Union, Yalitza Aparicio, and more Hollywood favorites into their newest collection. Last night, Lili Reinhardt lured the fashion spotlight to Toronto in a white Rodarte gown and logo belt (!) at the Hustlers premiere. And today, they debut their first-ever collection for Cole Haan, a wonderland of croc-embossed leather, tiny pyramid studs, and mesh lace overlays.  “We wanted a heel that didn’t feel like a heel,” says Kate of the shoes, which include two stiletto styles, lace and leather boots, and a pointed-toe loafer with spikes at the toe-cap. “We were obsessed with that idea because it’s not just something other women want. It’s a personal point of view—it’s something I want!” “As designers, it’s our job to think about the body’s needs,” adds Laura. “So we started asking ourselves and the people in our lives, ‘How are you getting from point A to point B? Are you running to appointments all day? How many fashion shows do you need to attend? What are you doing tonight? And will you need to take an extra pair of shoes with you, just to get through your day?” A day that—for Rodarte besties like Kirsten Dunst, Natalie Portman, and the Haim sisters—often includes photo shoots, creative meetings, and occasional sprints from the paparazzi. “I think you can run pretty well in the heels!” laughs Kate. “It’s important.” Also important: a new push for pairings, as the Cole Haan collection has matching bags for every pair of shoes, including a small circle bag, and a larger satchel that folds neatly at the corners. It’s a move that echoes Rodarte’s own inbox requests. “Something we’ve found is that when someone invests in a Rodarte piece, they often come back a few months later. They’re like, ‘Hey, I love this skirt so much. Isn’t there a top that goes with it? Isn’t there a jacket?’ And often,” sighs Laura, “We’ve already sold out.” “You can wear our clothes however you want, obviously,” adds Kate, “But in the world of Rodarte, you want to put everything on everything. We design the pieces to go together, and that’s where a lot of the drama is, if you really want to go for it. It’s the same with the Cole Haan collection. The bubblegum pink pump looks so cool with the bubblegum pink bag. They look cute together. Match everything up. Get dramatic… but you know, part of why I love making shoes and bags so much is because it’s not dramatic, it’s practical. Most of our pieces are for special occasions,” like Mandy Moore’s wedding, where she donned a Rodarte gown. “Shoes are part of every day of your life. Knowing we made something that people wear every day? That’s really special to me. I want our shoes in your life.” Or, as Laura admits, under your desk. “My shoes are in a big pile in our studio,” she says. “I sit down to work on something, I kick them off, and then maybe I’ll just pull a different pair on. It’s a vortex, for sure. But when you look down, at least you think, ‘Whoa. Those look fantastic.'"
 Day Three of New York Fashion Week tests the phrase "too much of a good thing." With more than 30 style events in just 12 hours, the runways risked becoming a beautiful blur—but a few standouts moments made their mark. (So did the triple espresso that finally kicked in at Tory Burch. Thank you, Think Coffee!) A high school marching band, a dance party, a series of elegant but hardly stuffy clothes. This was a dreamy runway, and not just because at 9 am, most attendees were still a little sleepy. In fact, thanks to the swingy, silky pants and real-life-ready jumpsuits, it was a satisfying wake-up call. Dear Ms. Burch, thank you for the delicious brunch at your morning fashion show. It was such a treat to eat quiche while gazing at Monets in the Brooklyn Museum of Art, and equally delightful to spot sneakers on so many of your evening looks. Please give my best to your friend, Emily Blunt, and tell her the suit she wore in the front row was so divine, we’re en route to steal it, Bling Ring style. Yours truly, ELLE.com I’d really like to review this show, but its gauzy splendor made me rediscover my true calling as a fairy princess, and—well—the netherworld beckons.  “This is a celebration of identity, hope, and doing one’s part,” declared Jonathan Cohen, and, yes, it really was. Held in a private artist’s studio in the East Village, the runway show featured original paintings, live music (a piano cover of Smashing Pumpkins’ Tonight Tonight), and an incredible network of interconnected fabrics that were knotted, stitched, or fused together. Born in Mexico City, Cohen rehashed the American flag with traditional embroidery and weaving techniques, and also used a zero-impact nylon and upcycled Swarovski crystals in his looks. Our country is in tatters right now, but Cohen seizes the potential in every rip and fray.  Behold model Maria Borges in a perfect spring look. Softly sporty and infused with movement and vigor, the ‘fit is part of Victor Glemaud’s next collection. With its ‘70s vibe and modern fan base, Glemaud keeps getting hotter—and because the designer is a knitwear artiste with incredible skill, it’ll keep everyone snuggly and warm, too. Fine. Take all my money. Then use it to pay your stylist a generous bonus, because the genius monochrome colors and thoughtful styling hacks happening here to compliment the forward-thinking clothes are next level. See also: Tibi, where rumpled suits in lavender and plum gave “I just woke up this gorgeous” a fresh meaning… and a new excuse to actually get out of bed. “Who gets to be American?” asked the designer, and his collection roared an answer with tie dye knitwear, black jacquard jackets, and an all-white look with angel-winged shoulders for Gurung’s muse Varsha Thapa. Gurung also had some clever twists on denim, including a red, white, and blue jean boiler suit that echoed the female force of both Rosie the Riveter and Olivia Wilde’s teen comedy Booksmart. Coincidentally—or not—the movie’s star Kaitlyn Dever was sitting front row. At Mansur Gavriel. I mean, can you even?!  there and back for @collinastrada ✨🌹 ty @celinecelines @thetrillestb - the Queen @zsela_ slayed. A post shared by  kimberly not kim (@museummammy) on Sep 8, 2019 at 4:37pm PDT Every few seasons, a protestor storms the catwalk, screams something about evil deeds, and gets promptly hauled off by security. At this show, the models—including Ali Michael, Kimberly Drew, and a terrifyingly poised 4th grader—did the protesting, wearing recycled fabrics, munching local produce, and sporting slogans about protecting the earth and challenging the status quo. It was way more effective than crashing a fashion show, but strangely just as disruptive.  The lowdown on this hoedown: it’s not for the shy. If you’d like animal-print ranch wear for a gala where the category is Old Town Road, get in line—Fantasia and Slick Woods are fans, too.
 As more designers decamp to Paris or forgo shows and presentations altogether, there's a general feeling that New York Fashion Week has lost its luster. Ralph Lauren seems determined to change that.  Last September, the designer presented his 50th anniversary collection over a lavish dinner and takeover of Central Park's Bethesda Terrace. For spring 2019, his Madison Avenue flagship was transformed into Ralph's Café, a see-and-be-seen breakfast spot. While others are bowing out of invitation-only affairs, Lauren—who turns 80 in October—is doubling down on complete fashion immersion. His latest: Ralph's Club, a Jazz-Age-era cocktail club created especially for the designer's fall 2019 collection. For one night only (Saturday, September 7) Ralph's was the hottest club in New York. It had everything: a live jazz band, dirty martinis, corned beef sandwiches, and enough art deco trappings to make the Chrysler building jealous. Janelle Monáe took the stage to give rousing renditions of Nat King Cole's "Smile" and Frank Sinatra's "Fly Me to the Moon,: then literally stood on, and slithered beneath, VIPs' tables while performing her latest hits. The event's invitation called for black-and-white evening attire and celebrities—among them Cate Blanchett, Mandy Moore, Indya Moore, and Kathryn Newton—all adhered to the rules. Henry Golding looked dapper—if slightly rebellious—in a royal purple velvet suit from the brand since bright colors were strictly reserved for the collection itself. Gigi Hadid opened in a luminescent silver coat while her sister Bella Hadid shimmered in a floor-length red gown. Perhaps the highlight of the show was Lauren's iconic Polo bear rendered in sequins (martini in claw) on a sheath dress. It was the big-night-out answer to Lauren's collectible Polo sweater. Meanwhile, a black varsity jacket for evening came emblazoned with a golden "R" lest anyone forget: Both at the clubhouse and Ralph's Club, it's members only. 
 I just talked to Kendall Jenner, and now I want to call my therapist. It's mostly because she's flawless and I'm having a nothing-to-wear, nobody-to-love moment, complete with torn jeans and a skin freakout. "I need Proactiv!" I laugh. "I'll send you some!" she vows, because, besides being poreless, she is nice, and again, I wish for therapy. Maybe instead I should just study The Tao of Kendall. In the middle of Fashion Week's all-out chaos—screaming happy people, screaming angry people, cramped corners—she is casually calm in a way I should probably study. She's patient. She's sweet. She's chill. Perhaps it’s because she wasn’t walking in the show this season. She's also the first to admit it wasn't always that way. "I used to get really nervous during fashion shows," she says backstage at the Longchamp spring/summer 2020 show held at Hearst Plaza at Lincoln Center. "I feel like when you’re walking on the runway—I say this from experience—you’re just thinking, 'Walk straight! Walk straight!—and you try to just focus on that. Especially me, because I used to get really nervous when I knew people in the audience. I would try and force myself to zone out. But now, I’m cool with it—I’ve actually gotten so much better at it that I like knowing who’s there, and I’ll kind of peek over to see who’s in the audience before I come out. But it took a little while to get to that point." Part of that perspective is growing up—she turns 24 on November 3—and when we asked about which clothes channel Scorpio style, Jenner already knew the Longchamp looks she wanted. "Every time I’m at this show, I know I’ll be able to find a really cute little dress," she said. "They’re sporty, they’re easy, you have a lot of shoe options—I feel like it’s about being able to adapt depending on the accessories... And I have this tiny new Longchamp bag that I love... honestly, I love the tiny bag trend in general. You don't really need more than your credit cards and a lip gloss anyway, especially if you're already holding your phone."  Jenner cited some striped leather shorts as another runway favorite, but she confirmed a logo tee or hoodie remains a staple in her much-documented wardrobe. "Logos are great if you do them the right way, and I like to keep it casual. I love a logo tee with jeans and sneakers." And a tiny bag for Scorpio season, of course.  
 TOMMYNOW will present Tommy X Zendaya live at the Apollo Theater in Harlem on Sunday, September 8 at 8:30pm EST. Catch its fashion week showing and, relive the action, below. 
 Your front row seat, no ticket required.  The Tory Burch SS20 show is about to begin. Catch all the action, from start to finish, below.
 An ongoing look at her best style moments. Kim's outfits certainly deliver drama and sex appeal in spades. Here, an ongoing look at her best style moments. Walking through Soho in an all-black ensemble. Arriving at Cipriani Downtown in New York City. Spotted in Soho. Out with Kanye West in Los Angeles. Strolling through LA. Walking through New York City's Lower East Side. Spotted at JFK Airport in Queens. Arriving at the Up and Down club with Kanye in NYC. Attending the Met Gala. Exiting her hotel in Paris. Leaving the Hermès store in Paris. Seen walking through Paris. Heading to an event in Los Angeles. Spotted in New York City. Attending the amfAR New York Gala at Cipriani Wall Street. At a KKW Beauty event in the Calabasas ULTA Beauty. At the KKW Beauty Pop-Up in Costa Mesa, California. At opening night of The Cher Show on Broadway. Attending the Versace runway show in New York. At the People's Choice Awards. Attending the 2018 LACMA Art+Film Gala. At a Tiffany & Co. event in New York City. Out and about in New York City. Taking a stroll through Tribeca. Leaving her hotel in New York alongside daughter North West. Walking through Manhattan with daughter North West. Walking through New York City. Spotted in Los Angeles. At Christie's x What Goes Around Comes Around 25th Anniversary Auction Preview in Beverly Hills. Out and about with friends in Los Angeles.
  Alexander Wang and Bvlgari are kind of like X-Men with better shoes: alone, they're a force; together they're unstoppable. That's the verdict after last night, anyway, when Wang debuted his remake of Bvlgari's famous Serpenti Forever bag, and threw a party for the ages. Scroll down for details that'll make you feel you were there―but also that you got 8 hours sleep. (Oooh, sleep...)    The Theme Was The '80s "I stumbled on a rerun of Mannequin," says Alexander Wang, and that's where his party starts—literally. In the '80s classic, a very young Kim Cattrall comes to life after being a plastic poser. In Wang's remake (or at least his new ad campaign), the living doll is Hailey Baldwin Bieber, and she's clutching a charmed Bvlgari bag that makes magic happen.  An "It" Dress Was BornHailey wore a clingy white Alexander Wang dress and ankle boots—the exact same runway look as seen on Kaia Gerber during Wang's last show. It will now be known as The Dream Girl Dress, and will soon have a waitlist just to try it on. Sigh.   Gossip Girl Fans Were Thrilled That's because the party happened inside the old Henri Bendel, a.k.a. the uptown department store where Blair, Serena, and Little J shop and scheme. Shuttered since January, the iconic space was revived for a one night only party labeled "Alexander Wang x Bvlgari at 712 fifth Avenue," and guests like Brittany Snow (a Gossip Girl guest star) sipped cocktails in the windows... much like the elite teen terrors themselves. Beauty Junkies Got Punk'd For years, rumors have swirled that Alexander Wang would finally drop a beauty collection, likely something in the world of skincare because, as he's said, "I'm obsessed." While the bash did have branded jars of moisturizer and pump-tubes of serum, they were filled with soft serve ice cream, candy, and sprinkles. It was worth th Sugar Face. Oh, and the Alexander Wang x Bvlgari perfumes on all the counters? They were filled (and refilled, and refilled) with booze. Not that we're complaining... Tiffany Haddish Is GiftedFrom a distance, the "gift bag" Tiffany Haddish carried seemed like standard shiny swag bag. Up close, it was a trompe l'oeil with serious luxury cred: a snakeskin Bvlgari box bag with a super-thin gold chain and a gilded snake's head for a seal. Damn, it was stealth.  
 Babies, Muppets, and Maisie Williams! On the third day of New York Fashion Week, great things happened: new designers maximized their moment, new models became the models, and Brandon Maxwell brought everyone burgers and doughnuts. Here are some Deep Thoughts™ from #NYFW, Day Two. Rebecca Minkoff   Minkoff hasalways been mindful of what working women like to wear. Now Rebecca Minkoff wants all women included in her swishy dresses, bold-print pants, and classic coats. For Fall, she's teamed with Stitch Fix to deliver her entire collection in XXS to 3XX, leaving no fashion fan behind—including the breastfeeding mother who modeled in her show (while togging between a baby monitor and a computer monitor, naturally). Helmut Lang   Helmut Lang’s latest show was a job interview for your wardrobe. "Let me tell you how I’ll make you succeed," said the lake blue suit. "I can take initiative," added the fluoride pink skirt. When the final look came down the runway—oil slick denim worn by skater boy Nathan Westling—it was like, “Absolutely, Helmut Lang. You’re hired.” Christopher John Rogers Christopher John Rogers came to play, the way a band booking its first Fillmore gig comes to play, the way a tennis champ on her first Olympic court comes to play. For his biggest show yet, the emerging designer drenched his satine dreams in citrus hues and vodka bravery, with clothes unashamed to take up headspace or real room on the catwalk. The models vamped like Pose stars and the crowd wondered, 'Where can I wear that shrugging tangerine ball gown? Whatever, I’ll wear it to the produce aisle in Whole Foods—any chance I can get, you know?' Baja East   Area + R-13   That meant a slew of tees, hoodies, shredded sweaters, peek-a-boo boxer shorts (for girls!), flame-print sneakers, and other dream-wear for Sublime’s after parties in the afterlife. Brandon Maxwell   The Muppet Movie, But Make It Fashion   Gets me every time A post shared by  Fashion Week Frog (@fashionweekfrog) on Sep 5, 2019 at 2:35pm PDT  Have you met the FASHION WEEK FROG? The anonymous Twitter account posts Kermit memes about true life editor triggers (seating assignments, outfit anxiety, forgetting your old boss’s name at a party...) and it’s a riot. I mean, if anything can make style stress dissolve, it’s the muppets. 
 Kicking off New York Fashion Week with a star-studded event at The Plaza, BAZAAR toasts cultural forces who aren't afraid to break the rules. See all the glamorous looks from the fashionable night. New York Fashion Week has arrived, and Harper’s BAZAAR fêted the most stylish time of the year with its annual BAZAAR ICONS party. It was an unforgettable night celebrating this year's set of ICONS, which featured formidable actors, models, and musicians who aren't afraid to break the rules. After stars arrived at the iconic Plaza Hotel in their black tie best, Alicia Keys gave a stunning performance as Belvedere, Whispering Angel, and Moët & Chandon poured the night’s signature sips. With Cartier acting as the exclusive Maison partner with BAZAAR, the red carpet was nothing short of dazzling. Click through to see all the glamorous looks from the fashionable night. Alicia Keys wearing Cartier jewelry Emily Ratajkowski Adriana Lima Christy Turlington wearing Cartier jewelry  Alek Wek wearing Cartier jewelry Lily Collins wearing Cartier jewelry  Alessandra Ambrosio Carine Roitfeld wearing Cartier jewelry  Janelle Monae Karolina Kurkova Shailene Woodley wearing Cartier jewelry Ella Balinska wearing Cartier jewelry Ashley Graham  Zendaya Romee Strijd Georgia Fowler Elsa Hosk Kehlani Halima Aden TK Quann and Cipriana Quann Joan Smalls Normani Tiffany Haddish Emily DiDonato Hilary Rhoda Devon Windsor Jameela Jamil Troye Sivan wearing Cartier jewelry  Vanessa Hudgens Slick Woods 
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 The Jem-inspired show was—all together now—truly, truly, truly outrageous. Gigi Hadid's great at making headlines, so naturally she's an expert at wearing them, too. At Jeremy Scott's Spring 2020 fashion show, the supermodel arrived in overalls plastered with news stories—appropriate, since the runway itself was loaded with colorful clickbait. A mash-up of Jem, GLOW, and Scott's own '80s youth, the collection itself had neon prom dresses, "Papa Don't Preach" corsets, and heavy metal tees. Models wore bright, spiky wigs by Eugene Souleiman to conjure their inner Kimber, with long slashes of black eyeliner on the outer edges of the lids and dabs of iridescent pink, blue, or green on the inner corners. (Tone down the pigment by 50 percent and you have a very pretty way to change up your eyeshadow game.)  There was also a thong dress—as in, honestly, a dress made entirely out of metallic thongs—and the Dior muse Ruth Bell in thong pants and a thong tennis jacket that was half Golden Girls and half Showgirls.  Besides the underwear-as-outerwear, the collection was created using over 30,000 Swarovski crystals that jangled down the catwalk. "I was thinking of them as dripping and fringed," Scott explained, though the grand finale—a white bikini top and matching miniskirt adorned with swingy beads—was more like an atomic explosion.   The grand finale: #candiceswanepoel does the slo-mo shimmy at #jeremyscott #nyfw A post shared by  Faran Krentcil (@farankrentcil) on Sep 6, 2019 at 7:55pm PDT Led by Gigi and Irina Shayk, the front row whooped and hooted for Candice... unless they were actually screaming for her silver go-go boots, which is totally understandable. Those things were lethal.
 What we really think of the runways, one day at a time. Greetings from New York Fashion Week, where the heels are high, the ambitions are higher, and the models vaping backstage? Well... let's leave that one alone.  Every day, we'll  share an unfiltered take on our favorite runway moments, likely written on the Notes App in an Uber at 2 am. How's that for authenticity?   Serena Van Der Woodsen is alive and well, at least on the Rag + Bone runway. Dining hall staples like varsity knits and blazers knocked against red leather miniskirts and logo sleeves. One look in particular—cropped sweater, long oxford shirt, tiny denim skirt—was practically screaming “you know you love me!” And obviously, we do. There was no #FOMO at Tomo, because everybody was there: fashion editors, street style celebs, actual celebs, low-key heiresses, high-key art school students, and the model Ariel Nicholson, who posed in seven power poufs that were literally her weight in tulle. It was spectacular and wonky and very special—and also very crowded, because again, nobody wanted Tomo #FOMO, and everyone wanted the clothes. Is it possible to be jealous of a coat? Not jealous of a woman in a coat, but like, “Gosh, that coat’s really got its shit together. Super cool, still polished. It’s like the fashion version of the grown woman I’ve never quite become.” No? Just me? Anyway, at Duncan the coats were insane, along with some dance-worthy dresses that skimmed nicely between “the girl who’s always invited” and “the woman who’s never cared less.” Courtney Love—who’s basically both—wore the label today in Tribeca, a nice coda for the brand-new brand.   The future is terrifying, but at least it’ll look great? That’s the memo from Parsons’ MFA students, who churned out some gleefully dystopian looks for their latest group show. From Yong Guo’s embroidered pixel torso to Tara Babylon’s pipe cleaner bell bottoms, these are outfits for the end of the world as we know it. What comes next? Maybe Sho Konishi can tell us. The Tokyo native made ponchos and pants out of pouched plastic sheets, then filled them with flowers, leaves, and feathers. Is this how we’ll carry ourselves into Earth 2.0? Perhaps, but let’s get through Fashion Week first.    Here is a giant oxford shirt over bike shorts. Plus a vest! That's it. That's the tweet. A fashion-girl truth: White jeans are fine after Labor Day. Sometimes, white jeans are even flawless after Labor Day. Witness the actress Ilfenesh Hadera, who pairs her frayed-hem pants with a creamy turtleneck sweater, ivory combat boots, and zero effs about random restrictions on cool clothes. Two very enthusiastic thumbs up, fine post-holiday fun.
 New York Fashion Week's spring/summer shows have celebrities pulling out all the stops when it comes to fashion and beauty. Here, what the celebs sitting front row are wearing stage-side. At Michael Kors At Michael Kors At Michael Kors At Dennis Basso At Libertine At Libertine At Badgley Mischka At Badgley Mischka At Vera Wang At Vera Wang At Vera Wang At Vera Wang At Vera Wang At Vera Wang At Christian Cowan At Christian Cowan At Christian Cowan  At Studio 189 At Studio 189 At Studio 189 At Studio 189 At Pamella Roland At Pamella Roland At Pamella Roland At Pamella Roland At Coach 1941 At Coach 1941 At Coach 1941 At Coach 1941 At Proenza Schouler
 New York Fashion Week has officially kicked off, and while it's definitely a privilege to look at beautifully constructed clothes for a living, it's still a job at the end of the day. And like with any gig, sometimes you need some hyper-specific things to get you through those high-stress, fast-paced days. Ahead, five ELLE and ELLE.com editors share they must-haves for making fashion week just a little easier.    Since September weather can be fickle I'll layer a tank top underneath incase it gets too hot and I need to roll down the sleeves and tie them around my waist. A large tote like this will help me schlep everything I need (a laptop, some snacks, maybe a pair of shoes) but look very chic while doing it. "Feel the right amount of good," is this pen's tag line and after a 14 hour day that's exactly what I'll want to do. Working out is one way I stay sane during this high-stress week, so I'll pack a pair of bike shorts in my bag in case I can go straight from a show to a boxing class.     Fashion Month is basically a hike with intermittent periods of sitting, and Tevas are the most comfortable en-route footwear.  I’ve been following the Vitamin C discourse and want to incorporate it into my daily routine (which is basically just sunscreen and moisturizer right now).  I usually carry a ton of Rx bars and end up eating some and giving the rest out to my hangry pals. I like the mint chocolate flavor. I bring a loaded-up Kindle for those waiting-for-the-show-to-start moments, but I also try to carry a physical book. This is one I'll be reading this season.   
 A black t-shirt in silk jersey is the perfect staple to have as a standby when in doubt about to wear on top. I often carry all kinds of oils to rub or roll on, but this is the most important one in my arsenal as it soothes the pain of an unexpected headache. My boyfriend knows I am crazy about getting lint off my clothes and found this mini portable version for me. I don’t leave the house without it. These are the ideal everyday earring—simple and small—but more interesting than the ubiquitous hoop.   A Pat McGrath Labs highlighter and balm duo is always in my bag. It gives me an instant dewy and healthy glow. Baby Lips in Cherry gives my lips a natural tint of red, plus I don't have to the worry about lipstick smudges. An oversized pair of sunglasses is great for hiding from the sun and all of the camera flashes. I'm really obsessed with this new LA-based brand Lula Pace.  I'm dying to get my hands on a Rejina Pyo bag (I especially love this one) because you can adjust the straps and wear it as a shoulder bag too.    My fashion week style can be notoriously lazy, so I try to counter my simple style with an “I’m a real fashion editor” signifier. That means Chanel.  My body is always sore during NYFW so nothing beats skipping the after party and going home to give myself a massage. I’ve tried every SPF moisturizer under the sun (get it?), but nothing comes close to Supergoop’s lightweight cult-favorite Unseen Sunscreen.  Is this the year I actually wear Manolos instead of Birkenstocks? I don’t know, but I’m trying to be optimistic. 
 Can somebody please say a prayer for my debit card? Just when I thought I was finished with fall shopping, Shopbop swooped in with an exclusive capsule collection to celebrate its 20th anniversary with 20 designer pieces from, you guessed it, 20 different designers. The capsule collection, called The Twenty, will feature Fall pieces from designers such as Ulla Johnson, Veronica Beard, Zimmermann, Alice + Olivia, Cushnie, Acne, MSGM and so much more. Everything you need to get dressed this fall can be found in the collection.   For example, layer your favorite faux fur coat over this Kenzo Utility Jumpsuit for a quick one-and-done lewk. Or if you're still in denial that summer is coming to an end, buy a transitional jacket that will make you look and feel good as you trek through the impending 50 degree weather.  Want to be the talk of your next event? Zimmermann has you covered.   “After twenty years of Shopbop, we have a lot to celebrate—the designers and brands we launched and with whom we fostered deep relationships, our wildly passionate teams and unique company culture, and our continuously supportive industry partners," said  Kim Fleissner, CEO of Shopbop. "But most importantly, it’s about celebrating our worldwide customers who inspire us daily to create the best online shopping experience possible."  Shop the rest of Shopbop's The Twenty here. 
 12 names to know before everyone else. We were all "the new kid" once—in school, on a soccer team, at the first day of work. These 12 designers are no different, except instead of cafeteria jitters or office floor plans, they'll have to conquer the famously fickle runways at New York Fashion Week. (No pressure!) Let's meet the new class of 2019, and send them the best vibes, and perhaps some tequila, for the big week ahead.  If you’re already into Christian Juul Nielsen, there’s good reason: he probably designed some of your favorite clothes at Dior and Oscar de la Renta before launching Land of Distraction in 2017. That line is on hiatus, but AKNVAS (a.k.a. “a canvas”) is here, and it represents Nielsen’s singular vision for a brand. Though this is its first season, AKNVAS already had a moment this summer thanks to Kate Bosworth, who wore their Christy Dress in June.  Their homepage is rife with mandates like “focus on your inner voice” and “feel Blancore.” Their mission statement says clothes should be “skin, a part of the human body.” They don’t seem to believe in the colors red and orange...but you know where we're going with this. Since their outerwear looks so precisely pretty, though, I think I’ll go to their first-ever fashion show just to see. (Don’t worry, Mom—if they hand me Kool-Aid backstage, I will run.)   By now, you (should) know the stats: over 1000 gallons of water are used to make every pair of jeans; many are also doused with toxic chemicals to make them fade or crease. Kelcie Schofield is over it, and with Cie Denim, her solution is twofold.  First, she makes her stuff with deadstock or deconstructed denim bought in her hometown of New York City. (Those crazy upside-down shorts on The Today Show? She did that.) Next, she’s paired with a sustainable development group to create a new denim fabric that drastically reduces the amount of water and waste used to make jeans.  Is this the real deal? Are upside-down jeans in Instagram’s future? And why does her show invite reference Mario Kart?! All will be (hopefully) revealed at the designer’s first-ever New York Fashion Week presentation. Tommy Ton spent years documenting the global Street Style scene, but eventually, a new calling emerged: why photograph stylish people when you can create them? Last season he did it with a small presentation where models of all ages walked in a circle, then paired up arm-in-arm…except for a few bold souls who never took a partner. It was simple, it was moving, and it left many editors (me included) crying quietly into our Saks Potts coats. This season, Deveaux is on the official schedule with an official runway and (fingers crossed) tons of tissues for the weepy front row. A post shared by ELIANA MURARGY (@elianamurargy) on Aug 16, 2019 at 12:59am PDT She speaks four languages, but Eliana Rodrigues Murargy’s designs need no translation. They’re softly strong creations inspired by “The Aje,” a Yoruba female figure of African descent and intense cosmic power. For her debut at NYFW, Murargy pays homage to the Osun River, which flows from Nigeria to the Atlantic Gulf of Guinea. Judging from her Insta previews, a reinvention of the flower crown may be involved. Once upon a time, designer Xiaojuan Yang created I Love Pretty, a label that is indeed pretty, if a little skewed towards Lydia Deetz. (Young Millennials, catch up.)  The Shanghai native was all set to debut this season until her visa was mysteriously revoked by the American Consulate in China. But the show must go on, and it will, even though Yang will have to livestream her New York debut via the internet.   Maria Kazakova is a visual artist from Brookyn via Siberia. Her electric presentation at Men’s Fashion Week was a giant parade of dancers, musicians, and...Russian-embroidered streetwear. Yep. This season, she takes her Puma-sponsored brand of “whoa” to the mainstage for the first time, and we expect both a party and a new way to wear a hoodie.  Kyle Richards is coming to Fashion Week! She's launching a brand with help from Shahida Clayton, a designer who can turn the TV star’s ideas into clothes with lightning speed, according to WWD. Expect the Real Housewives of Everywhere, including Lisa Rinna, Denise Richards, and Erica Jayne to appear (and film) as front row guests. Does this mean Rinna’s daughters, Delilah Belle and Amelia Gray Hamlin, will walk the runway? What about Kyle's beloved niece, Paris Hilton? Tune into Bravo TV for… well, you know the rest. Italy has Missoni. France has Sonia Rykiel. And South Africa has Maxhosa, the knitwear brand created by Laduma Kgxokolo that remixes traditional symbolism and beadwork patterns from the Xhosa people and turns them into sweaters, dresses, and more. Using mohair and wool from his native South Africa, Ngxokolo aims to create pieces “suitable for the Amakrwala (Xhosa tribal initiates) traditional dress” and also for global fashion lovers. Mr. Ngxokolo, your mission is accomplished. These sisters live in Istanbul, trained in London, and craft couture gowns for women worldwide, including Gabrielle Union, Katy Perry, and Taylor Swift, who wore their frilly lavender dress to the Billboard Music Awards this May. Are more ruffles in store? Signs—or at least our Magic 8 Ball—point to yes.  Finally, The day has come - self-portrait lands in NYC.  158 Mercer Street, New York  It has always been a dream of mine to create a space welcoming the Self-Portrait experience  Photo by @hawkclaw  #158mercerst #selfportraitMercerSt A post shared by  SELF-PORTRAIT (@mrselfportrait) on Aug 13, 2019 at 4:35am PDT The British brand famous (infamous?) for making peplums and peek-a-boo shoulders A Thing just opened its first US boutique in Soho, which means those nothing-to-wear moments will be no more in no time.  He is 21, lives in Los Angeles, and already has his line on SSENSE and in Barney's. Such is the life of Reese Cooper, born in Florida and raised in London, where he taught himself to sew after buying fabric at a flea market. Now Cooper hosts DIY upcycling parties in parking lots, where shoppers (like Nick Jonas) can silkscreen new designs onto old clothes while engaging with the designer and his work.   Like the Euro, The West Wing, and the Britney Spears’ hit “Crazy,” Shopbop turns 20 this year. To celebrate, they’re opening a pop-up retail space with exclusive collaborations, surprise guests, and the priceless chance to try on their ample trend ammo in real life. Head to Spring Street during NYFW to try and answer this burning question: Whatever happened to their original redhead model who posed in every outfit?   
 School picture day was a stressful and daunting event that few of us want to remember, but in Rodarte's world, it's a dreamy day where Rowan Blanchard poses like an 80s prom princess, Euphoria's Alexa Demie does her best Cruella de Vil impression, Lili Reinhart snuggles with a cute puppy, and former Mad Men stars January Jones and Kiernan Shipka reunite, all dressed in Rodarte's signature whimsical, voluminous gowns. Can someone put Rodarte in charge of all picture days from here on out? Forgoing a traditional runway show, Rodarte design duo and sisters  Laura and Kate Mulleavy recruited photographer Darya Kobayashi Ritch to shoot the campaign, which puts Rodarte's all-star cast of actresses and musicians in a garden party-esque setting against a gorgeous floral backdrop complete with large floral bouquets, cupcakes, Greek sculptures and green leaves that speaks to the brand's fantastical design aesthetic.  Kristen Dunst glows in a mint green ball gown with pearls all over. Gabrielle Union poses in a floral dress with puffy sleeves and black pearl gloves. Kilo Kish appears in a pastel green number and Roma breakout actress Yalitza Aparicio stuns in a black and white dress with a white neck ruff. Rodarte's class of 2020 also includes the Haim Sisters, King Princess, Lauren Tsai, Gia Coppola, Maggie Rogers, Margaret Qualley, Rowan Blanchard and more. Click through to see more of the beautiful looks from Rodarte's spring/summer 2020 collection below. 
 An emerging wave aims to make it more inclusive, more sustainable, and way more gorgeous. By definition, Hot Girl Summer shouldn’t have involved cashmere. Then came Khaite.  The emerging label nabbed a win last week, when Katie Holmes wore its dust-colored wool bralette and cardigan while out shopping in Manhattan. Thin, rich, and bronze-shouldered, Holmes vibrated with the power of ‘70s Jackie O. and ‘90s Liv Tyler. Designer Cate Holstein gained more power of her own, propelling her into New York Fashion Week with increased Instagram followers, style editor fawnings, and an energy ripe for Haute Girl Fall.  @katieholmes212 out in NYC in KHAITE CASHMERE yesterday. A post shared by  The Feminine Unique (@khaite_ny) on Aug 28, 2019 at 6:27am PDT What’s Haute Girl Fall? I’m not totally sure yet, but here’s what it could be: A fresh wave of female talent that transforms New York Fashion Week into a hub of innovation, inclusivity, and insanely pretty clothes. Yes, it's unfair to assign female designers the burden of fixing an entire style system. And there are many men—Kerby Jean-Raymond of Pyer Moss, Victor Glemaud, and Christian Siriano among them—who embrace the female form in compelling, ingenious ways. But like the Time’s Up movement, the U.S. Women's Soccer team, and the slew of newly-elected female representatives, it’s likely that fashion's women will lead the way on respectful labor, thoughtful practices, and diverse casting not just of size and color, but age.  And it can't come too soon for NYFW. On one hand, the usual moans—it’s over; it’s a bore; it’s not cool anymore—have been hacked up between vape drags for years, and they’re never quite true. There are always bits of magic, moments of true discovery, and even (gasp) fun in the midst of traffic jams and shitshow entrances. But it’s undeniable NYFW has lost lots of blood, including beloved labels both large (Calvin Klein, Alexander Wang) and small (Rodarte, Altuzarra). At some shows, the street style parade outside is way better than the actual catwalk. Add the way livestreams and hashtags no longer necessitate a once-crucial invite (or event a desire to leave the couch), and you've got a system ripe for—dare I say it—disruption.  So into the chaos comes a new league of female designers, all with visions of what style should mean. For Khaite’s Catherine Holstein, it’s “a fresh balance of opposing elements [like] past and future, masculine and feminine, strength and softness, structure and fluidity.” That translates to Phoebe Philo-adjacent dresses, killer luxury denim, and sustainably sourced knitwear that Holstein expertly reinvents every season. The New York Times called it “a quietly sybaritic windswept mood,” but we’ll call it something simpler: As in-the-know cool as it is expensive. And by expensive, I mean over $1000 for the coveted cashmere pieces, which stop at a Large.  While that size limit is indeed disappointing (and fuels doubt that designer catnip won’t work on the un-famous), the industry can look to other female-founded brands to fill those gaps: take the knitwear from Universal Standard (up to size 40) and Lauren Chan’s artful blazers for the new plus-size line Henning, which launched just this week. At the other end of Haute Girl Fall is Kim Shui, the Milan native whose median price point is $250, and whose target audience includes Kylie Jenner, Halsey, and Barbie Ferreira. “Almost 100% of our e-store traffic comes from Instagram,” Shui told us last season in her studio, “So of course, how it looks on social media influences how we design and style the pieces. But they have to move beautifully, too.” Shui’s tie-dye velour and silk dresses are certainly Insta-gold, and though they're unlikely to overlap with the GOOP crowd, they do recall Prada’s 2004 tie-dye moment… if it were tighter, lower-cut, and made through size 2X.   Multi dye shirred dress ✨ A post shared by  KIM SHUI (@kimshuistudio) on Jul 23, 2019 at 1:25pm PDT But size diversity isn't where Fashion Week's renaissance has to stop. A wide age range is also a gratifying sight on the catwalk, and Collina Strada designer Hillary Taymour goes hard with her demographics. Two years before Michael Kors brought Patti Hansen and Pat Cleveland onstage, Taymour gave her spotlight to older artists, dancers, activists, and even her friends’ moms by placing them on her runway. She’s also pledged to make this season a crusade for sustainable living, which may be why her show will be held at an actual farmer’s market. Newbie Kelcie Schofield’s line, Cie Denim, is in the same vein, with all material coming from recycled or deadstock jeans. Not as earthy but just as eco-savvy is Chromat, the line from Becca McCharen-Tran that’s consistently advocated for accountability in its collections. That means clothes are available in a spectrum of sizes, but also that they’re made with fair-wage labor in NYC and Bulgaria, and a nylon mill that “has worked with an international diving team to remove over 160 tons of fishing nets from the world’s oceans and turned them into yarn [that] can be recycled infinitely, without loss of quality.”   Said quality can also be found at Duncan, the 6-month-old line from Estée Lauder executive Michelle Duncan. “We get our tartans from actual Scottish mills because we want it to be sustainable, and to support a local economy, and to last forever," the designer says. "It's not supposed to be trendy. It's supposed to fit you like armor. You wear it because it makes you strong, and strength isn't a one-season thing. It's forever.”  The mission of longevity threads through other female-led brands at Fashion Week, including in the designs of Carly Cushnie, Mansur Gavriel, Rosie Assoulin, and Zero Maria Cornejo, all of whom eschew trend cycles in favor of artisan-made materials, timeless silhouettes, and color stories so dynamic that they transcend seasons. As Tracy Reese said of her own newly relaunched collection, “I don’t want you to buy something from me and then get tired of it. I want you to buy something from me and have it become a part of you.”  Which brings us to Rihanna and Batsheva Hay. Though on the surface, they're diametrically opposed in design (lingerie versus Little House on the Prairie), both confront body politics in refreshing ways, resulting in pieces you'll want to wear for life... and pass onto the next generation, too. Ultimately, it’s clear that the future of Fashion Week is female-driven. Will this season’s designing women make it more inclusive, more sustainable, and way more gorgeous? The evidence is optimistic—if not for total systemic change, then at least for a traffic-stopping cardigan. 
 Introducing Le 17 Septembre, BITE Studios, The Sant, and Naturae Sacra for the FW19 season of the Vanguard. To lead or not to lead? That is the question that Net-a-Porter set out to answer when it launched the Vanguard, a program for dawning designers who receive mentorship from and have their labels stocked by the e-commerce site. In the Vanguard's third season, Net-a-Porter has announced the four new brands it plans to catapult into the fashion limelight in the upcoming fall/winter season. For the first time since the program's genesis, the site scouted for new Vanguard representatives through Instagram, sifting through the endless cache of online brands by focusing on sustainability. The fruit of its foraging? We introduce to you Le 17 Septembre, BITE Studios, The Sant, and Naturae Sacra.  "Over the past two seasons, we have loved witnessing the positive effect the Vanguard mentorship program has on these emerging brands. It's so important for us to be able to share our insight in a meaningful way and aim towards a shared goal of long-lasting success," said Elizabeth von der Goltz, the site's global buying director, in a press release. "One year after launch, we are thrilled to announce the next wave of exciting new designers who all offer something completely unique to the market." This Seoul-based label features minimalist pieces that add structure to any wardrobe. Eunhye Shin, a self-taught designer, launched Le 17 Septembre in 2013.  This luxury womenswear label, founded in 2016, makes sustainability the heart of its design. Its slinky camisoles and braided sweaters are all made of top-notch organic and recycled materials. This Barcelona-based brand features one-of-a-kind leather handbags. From the handles to the hardware finishes, each detail has been meticulously crafted.  Bags from Naturae Sacra are the love child of vintage-wear and minimalism. Resin handles and soft palettes make up the bread and honey of this Milan-based label. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 In August, Joe Jonas was spotted out in New York City donning a dark blue denim jacket emblazoned with a large portrait of Sophie Turner's Game of Thrones character, Sansa Stark. The middle Jo Bro has sartorially displayed admiration for his wife before, but the custom-made piece featuring Stark's imposing visage took it to another level—and other celebs are following suit.    Turns out, we have Big Little Lies star Zoë Kravitz to thank for introducing us to this newest way to publicly display support for your partner. Kravitz kicked off the fun face-on-clothing trend back in July when her husband, Karl Glusman, posted a picture of the two of them in "Just Married" bombers with their mugs painted on the back.    I believe our stars were written before we met, "Karl + Zoë, ride or die into the sunset..." A post shared by  karl glusman (@karlglusman) on Jul 30, 2019 at 7:29pm PDT  ✨✨🌺🤵🏽👰🏽🌴✨ ✨📸 @caradelevingne x best jackets ever @samandude A post shared by  karl glusman (@karlglusman) on Jul 31, 2019 at 6:00pm PDT  Visual artist Samantha Urbani created the one-of-a-kind jackets for her newlywed friends, telling ELLE.com that she was "just so inspired" by their love.  "I made them really last minute [for Zoë and Karl], I bought the vintage leather as I was on my way to the airport [to their wedding] and miraculously found the right sizes," Urbani says. "Their reaction was so priceless. Those guys love each other so much, their romance has this fateful timeless feel to it. This is the first time I’ve painted a couples’ set, and it was their relationship that inspired the idea."  The trend isn't limited to just denim and jackets, either. Last week, Gabrielle Union honored her husband in a fabulous RXCH gown checkered with adorable childhood photos of her husband Dwyane Wade on a red carpet for America's Got Talent.  And at the CMT awards back in June, country singer Jessie James Decker's husband, Eric Decker, sported a white tee-shirt with her face on it.  In March, Travis Scott sat courtside at a Houston Rockets game in a sweatshirt featuring a deadpan Kylie Jenner.   😍 #wivesontour @daniellejonas @sophiet A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Aug 7, 2019 at 9:46pm PDT The "J Sisters" aka Sophie Turner, Priyanka Chopra, and Danielle Jones were also recently photographed in matching Jonas Brothers shirts to support their husbands.  The uptick in this kind of ultra-custom clothing, often handmade, is due, in part, to people wanting to "bring tactility back to the things we care about repping the most," says Urbani. "In the era of social media, when we have a constant wash of selfies, hashtags, etc. creating a permanent, tangible object with an image or words on it feels so special and solid, literally. With all our interaction within a digital world, we lose touch with touch itself." "It was way more common in the 1980s and 1990s to get your partner’s, or even your own, face or name airbrushed or printed onto a shirt, jacket, hat," she adds. "Today, it’s so easy to state your affection for someone online by posting a picture, but wearing something hand painted is so classic, timeless, bold, and intimate all at once."  Plus, it's way safer than getting their name tattooed on your body. Just don't be this girl, who forced her boyfriend to wear a shirt covered with pictures of her face with, in all caps, the message: "IF YOU ARE READING THIS, YOU ARE TOO CLOSE. I HAVE A GIRLFRIEND."
 Alongside PSLs and leggings, a fleece jacket used to be a key part of the Basic Student starter  pack. Now, the fashion industry is claiming it as its own. Indie designer Sandy Liang was the first to adopt the look back in 2015 with her Insta-famous outerwear, but the trend is peaking. Philip Lim, Fendi, and other top designers elevated the jacket for the Fall ‘19 runway, literally putting the ‘camp’ in ‘campy.’  Expect to see shearling move beyond college campuses and hiking trails, thanks to reworked silhouettes and trims in leather, or just wear an OG Patagonia with a floral dress (like at Coach 1941).  Eight reasons why you should cave and buy in to the the practical style, here.  You can’t go wrong with the OG style.  This New York-based designer was the first to elevate the fleece into high fashion terrain.  This oversized vest reminds us of vintage camping gear (but better).  You’ll be tempted to wear this high fashion hoodie on your next hike.  What’s cozier than this?  We suggest searching through the men’s section for more fleece options, like this retro sweater.  Lavender looks good on you.  The neon trim on this one gives a subtle upgrade to the fleece jacket.  
 The scoopback style comes in a variety of colors.  Smart shoppers know that you can often find really good discounted items during those end-of-the-season sales. There is always the chance that what you like is sold out, but that won't be the case today. J.Crew is having a summer sale with an extra 50 percent off sale pieces (and 40 percent off regular-priced items)!  Since we can't resist a good sale, we took a (quick) peek and found the winning item: a scoopback swimsuit. The classic one-piece has long been part of J.Crew's basic silhouette offerings and it comes in nine different colors. You can get your go-to colors black and navy for $4.99 (this is after you use the promo code SUNSET) or opt for a brighter, trendy hue like mint for $15.49. Surprisingly, all the swimsuits are still available in every size, though not for long. I already received a notification in my checkout basket that one of my swim pieces is quickly selling out.  Here's the $5 gem in black. Perfect for any upcoming vacays to escape the dreaded winter chills. If, like me, you also found yourself browsing the newest arrivals to add fall-friendly items to your cart (what? the extra 40 percent off is calling me!) shop more options from J.Crew, below. 
From: Marie Claire US

 Say goodbye to dainty, barely there jewelry, because the next big thing in baubles is exactly that: Big. Like every other cyclical fashion trend (see: the Princess Di biker shorts revival, our current obsession with square-toe shoes, and those tiny Matrix sunglasses we already regret), we're seeing the return of a nineties trend that has nothing to do with mom jeans or an overused comparison to Caroline Bessette-Kennedy.  Maximalism is back, baby. It's time to layer on chintzy costume jewelry like you raided your mom's jewelry box while she was at work. If your neck isn't sore, you're not doing enough.  @iamcardib channeling serious 90s Linda Evangelista in Chanel vibes on Jimmy Fallon tonight!!! A touch of Gianni as well.  We’re living for this homage!  Are you?? Styled by @kollincarter in @vexclothing and custom @laureldewitt . • #cardib #jimmyfallon #tonightshow #invasionofprivacy #chanel #vintagechanel #versace #peterlindbergh #harpersbazaar #1995 #90s #supermodel #lindaevangelista #karllagerfeld #leather #gold #accessories #jewelry A post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Apr 9, 2018 at 9:44pm PDT  ICONOLOGY...#ThrowItBack. 👽🤮🥶😅🔥🙌🏾 A post shared by  Missy Elliott (@missymisdemeanorelliott) on Aug 13, 2019 at 5:12am PDT Chanel and Versace ruled the early nineties with a brash aesthetic that declared more really was more. We're talking about garish prints, tweed bras with matching mini skirts, and the  pièces de résistance (plural), heavy strands of gold chains and charms. On the Fall 2019 runways, the very same designers are revived the trend with vintage-inspired accessories. Last year, Cardi B took a cue from Linda Evangalista and wore pounds of gilded necklaces, bracelets, and belts for a performance. There's also Missy Elliot, who tamed down the look (as much as you can with this trend) with medallion charms. Look to Mejuri's affordable new collection of twisted silhouettes for a subtle way to test the look. If you want to go hard, reach for textured metals, heavy curb-link chains, and baroque molds with candy colored gems that look as if they belong to a spoiled king who likes to behead his wives. 
 In the middle of the Indian Ocean, off the coast of Madagascar, lies the tiny island of Mauritius. Encircling it like a necklace is one of the world’s largest coral reefs, which, like coral reefs everywhere, is under threat from warming oceans. Over the last few decades, Mauritius’s beaches have shrunk by 65 feet, in part because of damage to its reefs. The country is also home to one of Tiffany & Co.’s diamond polishing operations: The stones are flown in from Antwerp and perfected there. Technicians examine them under a microscope and polish them using a machine that looks very much like a record player (if it had a diamond where the needle is). Given that the island is so important to the process, one of the aims of the Tiffany & Co. Foundation, the jewelry house’s charitable arm, is to protect its coral reefs and marine biodiversity. (In 2004, the company stopped selling coral jewelry for ethical reasons. “We just don’t think there’s any way to responsibly harvest it,” says Andy Hart, senior vice president of diamond and jewelry supply.)  The jeweler has long made transparency and social responsibility a priority. At the beginning of this year, it announced its Diamond Source Initiative, which will note the country of origin for all “individually registered diamonds” (those 0.18 carats and larger). These include the new Tiffany True diamonds, the majority of which are polished on Mauritius. While Tiffany’s commitment to preserving the island’s coral reefs technically has nothing to do with diamond production, Anisa Kamadoli Costa, the brand’s chief sustainability officer, explains that it’s all connected. “People want to bucket things in their minds: ‘This is an environmental issue; this is a social issue.’ But actually, there are very few issues where it isn’t both. If we don’t take care of oceans, we can’t take care of the local communities that live on a fishing economy.” Not to mention the nonhuman species they support. “Coral is known as the nursery of the oceans because it supports hundreds of thousands of species,” she explains. It’s no leap to imagine that damage to reefs could threaten the island’s entire future. In 2000, the year it was founded, the Tiffany & Co. Foundation made its first grant to support coral and marine conservation. Since then, it has awarded more than $20 million in grants to the cause—funds that are sorely needed. As Kamadoli Costa points out, only 1 percent of philanthropic funding for the environment goes to the oceans, despite the fact that they cover three-quarters of the globe and play such an important role in cooling the planet and sequestering carbon.  When the company introduced the Tiffany True diamond in fall 2018, it was its first new engagement-ring cut in almost a decade. Each stone is laser-etched with a serial number that traces its provenance. Hart says this idea didn’t stem from survey data about millennials and their need for socially responsible products. “We’ve been working on this since before millennials were millennials, before they were consuming,” he says. Next year, the company will start sharing even more about its diamonds, letting the public in on the details of the craftsmanship process. As Hart puts it, “I’m happy to share anything about our diamonds with anybody.” 
 Alice Marie Johnson, who was famously granted clemency thanks in part to Kim Kardashian's meeting with the president, is the star of Kardashian's new SKIMS shapewear campaign.  Kim launched the brand under the name Kimono earlier this year before changing the name amid backlash in July. On August 26th it was re-launched under the name SKIMS Solutionwear. Upon announcing the brand's new identity, Kim started rolling out Polaroid-style photos of the shapewear, leading up to a special video she released today, August 28, featuring the former inmate.  In the video, Johnson models the Sculpting Bodysuit,while sharing her personal story. She explains that Kim "went to war" for her freedom, calling the mogul her "war angel."   Alice Marie Johnson (@alicemariefree) wears the Sculpting Bodysuit Mid Thigh ($68 in sizes XXS - 5X) in Onyx. #ShowYourSKIMS Video by: #VanessaBeecroft A post shared by  SKIMS (@skims) on Aug 29, 2019 at 12:07pm PDT "This shapewear makes me feel that I can walk into the store, I can pick up something that I used to normally wouldn't even think about wearing, and I can put it on, and it's going to look great on me," she continues, dressed in a long black gown. "This shapewear makes me feel free." Johnson is one of 26 women starring in the forthcoming SKIMS campaign, which will feature "real and intimate stories told by these women about why they love their bodies and how SKIMS empowers them to feel the best version of themselves." KNC founder Kristen Noel Crawley, Sami Miro, Kim's best pal Alisson Statter, models Seairra Thompson, Roxy Reyes, and more are also set to appear.  SKIMS officially launches on Tuesday, September 10. To keep up with all things SKIMS, join the waitlist at skims.com. 
 In ELLE.com's Style Files we ask our most stylish friends how they got that way.  Up first, Brittany Xavier, the brains behind the eponymous blog (formerly named Thrifts and Threads) and an Instagram account with more than 1 million followers. We caught up with Xavier at Michael Kors' TWA Jet Set experience, where influencers from around the world gathered at the newly opened TWA Hotel at JFK Airport. “What I love about Michael Kors is they always have really comfortable pieces that I can mix with my own style,” Xavier told ELLE.com. The California native highlighted one particular jumpsuit for being great for travel—“high waist, cinched perfectly, so it gives me shape and I can wear it with sneakers.” In between lunch poolside and cocktails at the hotel's Connie lounge, we photographed Xavier in her Kors gear and learned more about her personal style. Here's what she had to say...   My style is very versatile. I like to be able to take something from day to night and I tend to go for comfort. I wear a ton of trousers and jeans—you'll rarely see me in a skirt or a dress. And I always have very soft basics—a cotton tee, a cashmere sweater during the winter. Reformation, Everlane, RE/DONE Denim. I wear a lot of their jeans. Frame. I love their long sleeves. I like men’s blazers from Zara—size US 42. They have different colors that you can't find in a more serious boutique so that's my go to, especially for a summer blazer. I get questions about them the most often, but also my jewelry [is my signature]. People always ask me about my necklaces and bracelets I wear everyday. No, I rarely dress for the location. I tend to wear a lot of neutrals that go with a lot of backgrounds and different architecture if I'm traveling. It’s not something I think about that much since that's how I dress anyway. I do know people who plan. They're like, oh, we're going here? I'm going to wear this yellow dress because there’s this yellow [background], but I've never really done that. I had these red cowboy boots when I was five that I was obsessed with and my mom wouldn't let me wear them to school. I remember always wearing them on the weekends. When I look back at photos, I'm like, those are hideous but I was super into them. A white t-shirt, high-waisted jeans, my Iro leather jacket, and my platform boots from R13. They're really comfortable. I love Gigi Hadid's style right now. She has a little bit of an edge, but she's always very pulled together. Because I'm 5'10" I tend to look at people who are tall for style ideas. Recently I wore a pair of gauchos and my husband was like, what are those? I high-key made them myself and he was like, “What is that?!” I thought they were cute. I'll never change an outfit based on his opinion and he knows that. Baggy pants and jeans. I have a 12-year-old daughter and she's really into it right now, too. There's this whole like Billie Eilish-influenced thing going on with her school and they're all loving her style. Heels. I only wear stilettos, like super high ones on certain occasions. Most of my heels are mid-range or they're blocked. During the day, when I'm running around with my daughter, I'm in flats, sneakers, or loafers. I do my makeup and hair before I get dressed and I always listen to a podcast—pretty much every true crime podcast. People think I would listen to a lot of entrepreneurial or women in business podcasts, and I do here and there, but I use my podcast time as my escape to just not think about work. I'm definitely not someone who plans my outfits very much ahead of time. I’ll think about my calendar and what I'm doing that day and pull out whatever I’m going to be most efficient in. Those clear Chanel sandals from Spring 2019 that everyone has. I wasn't sure they would be super comfortable so I tried them on in the boutique, then left to think about them for like an hour. When I came back they were gone and then I couldn't find them anywhere! I had no idea that they were so hot. I was really bummed about that. I still have my first Gucci bag that I ever bought. I'm not sentimental with jeans or basics, it’s more of my designer pieces that I'm really sentimental about. They remind me of milestones in my life. Super low cut jeans. They were Frankie B's. And I would wear a top that was just cropped enough that it showed my hip bones and it was so hideous. I look back at photos and I'm like, that is terrible.  
 With the rise of clothing rental services and super fast digital shopping sites, several brands are feeling the heat, including beloved mall brand Forever 21.  According to a report from Bloomberg, Forever 21 could potentially file for bankruptcy due to a decline in cash flow and failed attempts at its turnaround plans. Sources explained to the news outlet that Forever 21 has been "in talks" to receive additional funding and has been working closely with financial advisers to come up with a plan to reduce its debt, but meetings with potential lenders have been put on hold for now.  Still, the brand has been eyeing a debtor-in-possession loan, which will force the company to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, which allows Forever 21 to keep the business open while it addresses its financial problems. By filing for bankruptcy, Forever 21 will be able to "shed unprofitable stores and recapitalize the business," the outlet said.   ready, set, shop the #F21xKSWISS collection! ❤️ -- Search: 00364530 + 00364526 (shop link in bio) A post shared by  forever21 (@forever21) on Aug 24, 2019 at 10:00am PDT The news comes just weeks after luxury retailer Barneys announced it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and plans to close a bunch of its stores due to high rent and fewer visitors. On the other hand, mall brands like Urban Outfitters and Banana Republic are getting into the clothing rental game with the launch of Nuuly and Style Passport, respectively. 
 This week marks one year since I started using Rent the Runway Unlimited. The $159/month service, which allows me to rent four pieces at a time for as long as I want, has brought me a lot of joy: I basically eliminated shopping for clothes (shoes are another story). I didn't purchase a single coat, even through New York's brutal winter. I became best friends with my UPS guy. I felt a ton of freedom in no longer having to panic about having "nothing to wear" before a big vacation, party, or event.  However, I have also discovered the unique pain of walking down the street, confident in a newly rented dress, only to be demoted to 46% That Bitch because there are approximately five other women in the same outfit. Is there anything inherently wrong with matching? No! Does it poke a hole in my illusion of finally having unique taste and personal style? Yes!   That's why I, and fellow ELLE.com RTR subscribers, have come up with a list of hacks to maximize your subscription and avoid looking like a clone.  Every Saturday, Rent the Runway drops new items in its collection—a mix of seasonal clothing as well as accessories. I suggest allowing notifications from RTR on your phone so that you get the pop-up to search as soon as it opens up. Often times, all four of my items will come from New Arrivals that week. You'll not only have fresher designs people haven't checked out yet, but also will typically get clothes that still have the tags on, untouched. Same principle as above, even if an item isn't one of the "new" ones, if you check it out and it doesn't have hundreds of photos of women wearing the piece and thousands of reviews, it's probably a piece that hasn't been worn a ton.  I don't own a lot of dresses and jumpsuits, and RTR was a great, easy way to experiment with wearing things I would've never bought. That said, one-pieces are usually the most popular and likely to be similarly styled by other people. Opting instead for tops, pants, skirts, etc. to mix in with your own clothes and accessories allows you more possibilities (and less chances to get your outfit IDed as another RTR item). The other day ELLE's Beauty Director Katie Becker was wearing this orange knitted, double slit skirt I immediately fell in love with. When she told me it was RTR, I—someone who has combed through thousands of RTR pages—was totally surprised.  You can also choose to wear the separates together for a totally different combination someone else is less likely to think of. I did that with a pink John + Jenn coat and pants from MiH here:  A post shared by Kristina Rodulfo (@kristinarodulfo) on Jan 11, 2019 at 6:27am PST   I'll test out bright, crazy colors, complicated, tie-up designs, asymmetrical gowns, maxi dresses with wild patterns, and tops with wild ruffled sleeves all because I can. ELLE's Social Media Editor Ariana Yaptangco does the same thing. "I think the greatest function RTR has for me is being able to wear things that I would never actually buy," she tells me. "I tend to go for the less safe options and choose interesting and unexpected designs (that are usually less popular rentals)." Case in point: her Self Portrait black and white lace-trimmed dress with unique sleeves:  A post shared by Ariana Yaptangco (@arianayap) on Jul 18, 2019 at 4:23pm PDT  ELLE.com's Style Director Nikki Ogunnaike jokingly mentioned that her tip is to "just hold on to things so no one else can get it," but she makes a smart point! One of my favorite times to use RTR is during the winter, when I would hold on to incredible coats (some with a retail value of well over $2,000) for weeks, or even a whole month, at a time. Coats are expensive, so it saved me a ton of money to not have to buy any all season, and allowed me to experiment with more out-there designs (faux fur! Color blocking! Giant puffers!) instead of my usual, safe, boring black coats.  Patterns are wonderful but really memorable (I can't tell you the number of times I've seen the same yellow floral dress on the subway). If you really want to pass off an RTR piece as your own, the easiest way is to go for something that's nondescript and could've been from any designer. I also tend to like solid-colored items because they're easy to style. Here's a red-orange dress from Mara Hoffman as worn by ELLE.com contributor Janell Hickman. Would you guess it's from RTR? Nope! A post shared by Janell M. Hickman (@jmargaretbeauty) on Jun 14, 2019 at 5:33am PDT If you scroll to the bottom of every item on the app, you'll see a tab that says "More from this Designer." Do not ignore this option! It will show you pieces that never even come up on the algorithm. RTR is wonderful for discovering and falling in love with brands you haven't tried before, and searching this way will get you looking at pieces you're already bound to like because you loved something from the brand before. 
 The 76th Venice International Film Festival began on August 28 and stars including Brad Pitt, Martha Hunt, and Sofia Richie have already flocked to the prestige event. Until September 7, it will be the destination for fresh-off-the-gondola fashion statements. Here, a roundup of the best Venice Film Festival looks.  In Haider Ackermann In Givenchy Wearing Garrett Leight Ace Sunglasses.
 Labor Day Weekend is coming and we suggest you end your summer on a high note with a well-deserved trip. But instead of schlepping around a worn-out duffel bag, upgrade your travel style with a chic carryall that says "I'm an adult"—even if your weekend is filled with questionable decisions. Currently, we're eyeing a baby blue carry-on, a Gucci-fied carryall, and more bags worthy of the long weekend. Set up your OOO auto-reply and shop our roundup of 23 travel bags, here.  This well-made bag can handle being thrown in the back of any trunks.  Just in case this color combo isn't for you, this Amazon Prime-ready bag comes in thirteen different styles.  If you're looking for a basic travel bag, Everlane makes the basic-iest.  "For any urgent requests, please contact [co-worker who hates you for being on vacation]"  Logo lovers will rally behind this future heirloom.  Match this playful bag with a Skittles manicure.  North Face's Base Camp duffels are indestructible. Buy it and own it for life.  Ikea, but make it fashion.  Baggu's crazy-durable canvas looks so good in green stripes.  You'll never lose track of your suitcase at baggage claim again if you opt for baby blue.  For fashion forward travelers, this Acne tote bag is for you.  Amazon reviewers agree that this leather bag is a luxurious bargain.  If your ideal weekend includes carrying three days worth of water on your back, Osprey's positively rated backpack will last you through your next hike.  A pocket-filled weekend bag forces you to stay organized.  Try nylon if you're looking for a lightweight bag.  This bag is aptly named, because it doesn't get more classic than this.   Louis Vuitton reworked their classic carry on in a neon, jacquard knit.  This unassuming tote is made of a coated, waterproof rubber, just in case a slight sprinkle dampens your holiday.  You can choose this bag from twelve shades of leather, but we love this shade of fire engine red.  This duffel bag is on sale, so act fashion before it sells out!  Zara's chic duffel looks way more expensive than it actually is.  A monogrammed suitcase will make you feel extra glamorous, even if you're just traveling to your parents' house.  A nautical-themed bag will look great on a boat, don't you think? 
 We chat with Mashburn about investing in classics and her perfect collection of vintage denim shorts. In this series for Harper’s Bazaar, I will be “outfit dissecting” women who work behind the scenes in the fashion industry. The women you will meet in these profiles work for some of your favorite brands, and whether they’re designing the pieces you love or answering your DM questions, they are also quietly cultivating trends. I traveled back to Atlanta to interview Elizabeth Mashburn in her home in Buckhead—a place that looks as casually chic and cool as Elizabeth always does. In the early days of the Ann Mashburn store, I would admire how she effortlessly put together classic pieces with a twist. Later, as a store and office intern for Mashburn, I got to see her creative work from start to finish. We chatted about investing in classics (Ann Mashburn is a great place to start—you can’t go wrong with the Icon Shirt), her perfect collection of vintage denim shorts, and Belgian shoes.  Name... Elizabeth Mashburn What do you do all day? Copywriting and general creative things. I write copy about new products that launch online; I create email campaigns to sell those new products; I do things like window decals for stores. Anything that needs to be creative or designed, or made to sound better is what I’m tasked with.  How would you describe what you do to a toddler? I write little stories about pieces of clothing so that you can decide whether or not you want to buy it.   So you did the first logo for Sid Masburn? Yes! It was a font that my dad had on his computer and really liked. I started to see it in other logos; I think there’s a valet parking company in Buckhead that uses the font or a general contractor. We started to feel like it was a little stiff so, probably in 2013, I did it again by hand.  Where do you live and where did you grow up? I live in Atlanta, but I've moved around a ton. My phone number is a Madison, Wisconsin area code. I was born in New York, then we moved out to Connecticut. We were in San Diego for a year, Charlottesville, Virginia for a year. Went back to New York, then we were in Madison. I moved to Atlanta in 2007, when my parents were starting their business. I was in my last year of high school, so I was totally checked out. I was very interested in what they were doing business-wise, but I didn't know anything about Atlanta. I spent my time at my parents' house, school, and the store—that was it.      Since you moved around so much, what place do you identify with most? Kind of nowhere! I love Atlanta, but I do not feel like I am from Atlanta. I think that’s why my family and I are so close; because we all are kind of from nowhere. All the little provincial print shirts, I’m like “that seems like home.” Even though it feels like five different versions of home, we had napkins out of that fabric growing up. Home is wherever my family is!  Do you think one place had a major effect on your style, or is it the combination of all of them? I mean, my parents had the biggest influence on my style. I always wanted to look like them. Actually, I had a brief phase where I didn’t.  What were your outfits during that phase? I wore black. I was still dressing like them, I was just like “my parents don’t look like other parents.” I’ve always dressed exactly the same.   That’s one thing I love about you; you have extremely consistent style. I really value that in people!  Well, you do too! Which I guess is why you value it!   So many people can change so fast. Wear one thing one year and then change the next. I’ve never mentally been able to wrap my head around that!  It’s very wasteful! Every piece of fashion writing in the entire world talks about investing in classics. It doesn't make me feel good to lean into a trend and be really tired of it. I get very tired of seeing everyone wearing the same thing, and I think that’s fine and fun, and it’s great to participate in trends and moments, but when I think about the things that I actually wear, I want to wear the same three sweaters over and over again. I want to wear the same lug sole until I can't anymore.    Tell me the story behind something you’re wearing right now. The shorts belonged to my mom’s brother, who passed away sadly before I was born, but they were his old jeans. She had a bunch of his jeans in her closet, they were super close, a year apart, they were best friends. So, she had all his old Levi’s in her closet and I cut them off into shorts when I was probably 18 or 19. They are the best! She said, “he would have loved to see you wearing those!” I’ve patched the back—they’re very old! My white shorts are his jeans too. Whatever his size was is exactly perfect!  How would you describe your style? A lot of things I wear are well loved and have a lot of wear behind them. There are definitely some old school preppy classic things about the way I like to dress. Matt Lambert has described it as “WASP-Goth” before, which is a studded belt, Levis, and Belgian Shoes. Definitely more in the winter. Goth is a little heavy! I’m going to show you my wedding dress. There is a part of me that really loves things that look like they are made for babies. I love fluttery sleeves. I made the dress with my mom and Lan. We did this little embroidery that I had drawn out. We made shirts in this organdy fabric. What do you buy “too much” of? I’m always looking for anything in a French provincial print. I cannot resist anything that is that kind of print. Mostly because it’s not being made anymore. I also probably should be buying more loafers since I end up wearing those all the time. I can never resist a fluttery top.    If you could be dropped in any time period strictly for the clothes what would you pick? Early 60’s is always really great to me. But also, the movie The Favorite, is so pretty. I was so inspired by it.  What movie had the biggest influence on your style? Virgin Suicides was huge for me and my sisters. I don’t know if anything they wear is literally what I own or wear, but several people said my wedding dress felt very Virgin Suicides. We watched that movie over and over again. Everything about that movie aesthetically I love and identify with, obviously until the end. My sisters and I all shared stuff, but we all have really different style now.  I think there is a connecting style dot between all of y’all still!  I mean, Harriet Mashburn wears velcro Stan Smiths, skinny blue J.Brands, and a different Boyfriend Shirt everyday!   What are 5 songs you always play?  
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 Insert "work hard, play hard" joke here.  You work hard enough, which means you don't need to waste time searching for the best sales in fashion, beauty, home, and accessories this  Labor Day weekend. Need a new blazer? Check. A fresh pair of cozy sheets? Check check. Take a break from the chaotic workweek and celebrate yourself by shopping amazing deals from our favorite brands, including Nordstrom and Brooklinen, below. Then go ask for that raise you deserve.  Date: August 28-September 2  Discount: Extra 15-20 percent off its discounted "Before They Go" section with new styles being added during the week SHOP  Date: August 29-September 2 Discount: 15 percent off sitewide with $99.00 "favorite styles" using code: BYESUMMER. The code will not work on products that are marked down to $99 SHOP  Date: August 27-September 2    Discount: Extra 20 percent off sale using code: EXTRA20 SHOP Date: August 30-September 8 Discount: 40 percent off across departments  SHOP Date: August 31-September 2  Discount: 30 percent off regular pricing, 40 percent off markdowns SHOP Date: August 31-September 3  Discount: Up to 75 pecent off sale items including apparel, accessories, and home. All sales are final SHOP Date: August 30-September 2 Discount: 25 percent off white tees using code: LABORDAY2019  SHOP  Date: August 29-September 2  Discount: 50 percent off all jeans, dresses, and tees SHOP Date: August 29-September 2  Discount: 30 percent off sitewide using code: LD30 SHOP Date: August 28-September 3  Discount: Up to 50 percent off select styles  SHOP Date: August 30-September 2  Discount: Extra 20 percent off sale items using code: STACKED   SHOP  Date: August 28-September 2 Discount: Up to 70 percent off select styles SHOP Date: August 28-September 2 Discount: Save 35-50 percent off storewide, and get an extra 20 percent off select items   SHOP Date: August 23-September 2 Discount: Select touchscreen smartwatches start at $179 and hybrid smartwatches at $119 SHOP Date: August 27-September 2  Discount: Items available up to 80 percent off     SHOP Date: August 27-September 3 Discount: 50 percent off all fall items (some exclusions apply) SHOP Date: August 29-September 2   Discount: 30 percent sitewide using code: LD19 SHOP  Date: August 27-September 2  Discount: Take 30-50 percent off select full-price items SHOP  Date: August 29-TBD while supplies last  Discount: 40-70 percent online and in-store, exclusions apply; GWP coffee mug with $200 purchase SHOP Date: August 30-September 2 Discount: 15 percent off using code: laborday    SHOP Date: August 30-September 2 Discount: 40 percent off select swim, pajamas, lingerie, loungewear & MINI styles SHOP  Date: August 30-September 2 Discount: 20 percent off sitewide on orders over $175 using code: LABORYAY SHOP Date: August 30-September 1 Discount: 20 percent off sitewide  SHOP Date: August 30-September 2  Discount: Spend $75, save 10 percent; Spend $125, save 20 percent  SHOP Date: Now-September 2 Discount: 60 percent off "Farewell Favorites" Date: August 29-September 2 Discount: 30% off sitewide; 50 percent off Crème Contour Singles, Classic Icon Lipstick + Lip liner, KKW X Kylie; 60 percent off Ultra Light Beams, Juicy Gloss, Flashing Lights, Crème Contour Duos, Highlighter Palette, Glam Bible + Singles; 70 percent off Argenis Collection  SHOP  Date: August 30-September 2  Discount: Spend $60 get 15 percent off + choose 2 samples at checkout; Spend $80 get 20% percent off + choose 3 samples at checkout; Spend $100 get 25 percent off + GWP deluxe Hydra Mist using code: labordayglow SHOP  Date: Now-September 2  Discount: Hundreds of deals on home items SHOP  Date: August 29-September 3 Discount: 20 percent off sitewide, including rugs and pillows  SHOP  Date: August 28-September 3   Discount: 10 percent off orders under $200, 15 percent off orders over $200 SHOP Date: August 29-September 2 Discount: Take 25 percent off sitewide using code: LABORDAY25 SHOP Date: August 29-September 2   Discount: 10 percent off sitewide SHOP Date: August 31-September 2 Discount: 40 percent off wall hangings, art prints, tapestries, posters; 30 percent off comforters, duvets, shower curtains, framed prints and throw pillows; 20 percent off everything else. *Sale excludes sun shades. SHOP Date: August 25-September 8    Discount: 15 percent off mattresses and bedding using code: LD15 SHOP Date: August 29-September 2 Discount: 15 percent off originals of $1,000+ usingcode: LABOR15; 10 percent off all other originals using code: LABOR10; 20 percent off framed limited editions using code: LABOR20 SHOP Date: August 26-September 3 Discount: 15 percent off $400+ using code: TAKE15; 20 percent off $800+ using code: TAKE20; 35 percent off $900+ using code: TAKE25  SHOP Date: August 25-September 2   Discount: 20 percent off all American filled, assembled, or finished products (mattresses, duvet inserts, and pillows) using code: LABORDAY20 SHOP Date: August 22-September 2   Discount: 20 percent off blue-light lenses using code: BLOCKBLUE SHOP Date: August 22-September 3 Discount: 20 percent off your entire Bear purchase using code: 20LD. Two free Cloud Pillows included with every mattress purchase SHOP This post will be updated as more sales become available. 
From: Marie Claire US

 In 1942, Rosie the Riveter, heroine of the working American woman, starred in a wartime campaign aimed at recruiting women to work in factories and shipyards. We’ve all seen the now-iconic poster where she poses in a boilersuit, with a fearless gaze and flexed bicep, alongside the slogan: We Can Do It!  Today, Rosie’s heirs have made it off the factory floor and onto the runway, where that same can-do spirit prevails. For fall, Dior’s Maria Grazia Chiuri cooked up a quilted boilersuit that was as utilitarian as it was refined; at Salvatore Ferragamo, Paul Andrew’s take on the look, rendered in tobacco-hued leather, conjured simultaneous toughness and elegance; and Isabel Marant’s khaki version, collarless and strong-shouldered, emanated both power and ease—along with a sense that there is power in ease. Today’s suits look like they know how to fix a carburetor while swilling a champagne cocktail. They even found a celebrity ambassador recently in the form of Irina Shayk, making her first paparazzi appearance post–Bradley Cooper breakup in a military style from Burberry: the perfect look for parachuting her way into singlehood. Today’s suits look like they know how to fix a carburetor while swilling a champagne cocktail. Fashion has long prized show over utility, tossing aside practicality in favor of art and fancy. But the needle is moving: Thanks to street style and Instagram, reality is now the runway. In an age held in thrall to ideals of multitasking and efficiency, where celebrities are papped running errands “just like us,” the boilersuit—optimization on a hanger—is arguably the power suit du jour. It’s the ultimate triumph of fashion-as-life-hack.   Sure, there have lately been the welcome rumblings of a backlash against the if-you-can-do-it-all-you-can-have-it-all algorithm, a recipe (myth? con?) for general despair and a free-floating sense of failure. Women are pushing back against the idea that we are not only supposed to meet every challenge, we are supposed to do it with grace, without the unsexy discomfort of effort. While that may be an impossible standard, the boilersuit is, at least, not going to get in the way of whatever’s on your to-do list. It’s a versatile workhorse, presumably ready to jump on a call, pick up a child from a playdate, head to yoga, and make grain-free granola—or just lie on the couch. And if you can’t do it all, at least your wardrobe can.
 In an era when women are fighting, once again, for our hard-won access to choice, it might seem counterintuitive that the suit—in its most masculine, tailored, gray flannel incarnation—is making a comeback. But come back it did, on female dandies in bow ties at Dolce & Gabbana, girls with cravats at Burberry, twenty-first-century Katharine Hepburns at Givenchy, even the cool kids at Alexander Wang (where a loose gray version, worn over a shiny black vest, served as a hipster-ized version of the three-piece suit). There’s a well-worn saying that “three is a trend.” But when it’s more of an avalanche, like this season’s parade of suits, it’s clear that some kind of reclamation of power is going on. In this case, that means power in its most literal form—suits with ’40s tailoring or the strong shoulders of an ’80s corporate raider. But worn with a touch of irony, or accessorized with a slice of bare midriff, torso, or leg, a look like this says, “Yes, I can try on these traditional markers of strength, but I won’t change everything about myself in the process.”  In other words, you don’t have to start dressing like a corporate drone. Both traditional and transgressive power looks abound this season. On the trad side, Giorgio Armani, who dressed Hollywood types in softly tailored power suits back in the ’80s, is paying tribute to his legacy with his New Normal collection, which celebrates suiting in all its forms. Meanwhile, some women, Olivia Stren reports, are looking to the boilersuit and its one-and-done appeal as their new power suit. Think of it as the fashion equivalent of having it all.  Of course, shoulder pads and mechanic’s overalls aren’t for everyone, but ruffles, frills, and furbelows can be totems of authority, too. Voluminous-yet-girly looks, some of them by up-and-coming names like Tomo Koizumi and Vaquera, are proof that you can command a room while still looking like a fairy princess. (If you’re not convinced, read Dayna Evans’s story on the art of womanspreading.) This season, power looks like whatever makes you feel most powerful. There’s a reason some of the chicest women around have long borrowed from the boys. From classic dinner jackets to banker pinstripes, the ease and instant polish a suit offers is unrivaled. Toss in a few unexpected twists, like Burberry’s monogram shirt-and-tie combo or Dolce & Gabbana’s boudoir-inspired finishes, and you’ve got proof yet again that anything they can do… No shirt, no tie, no problem.  Whether you choose to bare your midriff in a minimalist bandeau à la Cara Delevingne, come undone with a plunging lapel like Kendall Jenner, or leave your trousers at home like daring Tessa Thompson, the season’s soft, no-boardroom-required tailoring is as relaxed as you care to be.
 There is a scene in Knock Down the House, the award-winning documentary that tracks four women running for Congress in 2018, in which Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is sitting on the couch in her living room, breathing deeply. In only a few hours, the then 28-year-old bartender from the Bronx—and complete newcomer to politics—must go on live TV and debate 10-term Democratic congressman Joe Crowley in an attempt to unseat him from his position. It will not be an easy or necessarily pleasant task. She closes her eyes, extends her arms above her head, and exhales. “I need to take up space, I need to take up space,” she says, waving her arms around her. “I am here.”  In the debate, Ocasio-Cortez challenges Crowley on the issues affecting their constituency with such confidence that you would never know that she’d had any doubts or fears at all. As it turned out, her mantra worked, both figuratively and literally. And it was a relatable one. Women from all walks of life, and in every industry and profession, have been fighting for their right to take up space since long before the 2018 primary races, and will continue to do so long after. Whether in the institutions that barred us, the sports that said we weren’t worthy, the voting booth, the workplace, or the White House, every day and everywhere, women are asserting their right to be in the room, at the table, and directing the conversation. The fight extends to the quotidian as well: We resist manspreading on our commutes, mansplaining in our offices, and taking on the lion’s share of emotional labor in our homes. And when words are simply not enough, what we wear can convey silent but impactful protest. For example, and most simply: No. That was only one of several messages emblazoned on the oversize tulle dresses presented at Viktor & Rolf’s spring couture show. The dress was as big as a tiny house, one that would require walls to be knocked down and doors to be taken off hinges upon the wearer’s arrival. An enormous, funereal, almost Victorian black gown bore an out-of-place sunny graphic saying, “I want a better world”: idealism emerging from grim reality. A third, with shoulders stacked up threateningly to the model’s ears, said: “Leave me alone.” Larger-than-life, over-the-top, and literally space-occupying looks that emphasized a woman’s right to be in the room were everywhere on the fall 2019 runways. Just call it womanspreading. In Moncler’s Genius capsule collection with Pierpaolo Piccioli, traditional puffer silhouettes became inflated, a voluminous announcement of womanhood. While enormous skirts unfolded and expanded around models like sinister bouncy castles, heads, necks, and torsos were enrobed in bulging armor that telegraphed a readiness for battle. The looks served as a sartorial defense mechanism, the fashion equivalent of a banner declaring, “We’re here, and we will not be ignored.” The effect made its way onto the red carpet as well: Lady Gaga wore a cornflower-blue Valentino gown with balloon sleeves and a generous train to accept her Golden Globe for A Star Is Born. What better visual proof that—as they say in show business—Gaga, as auteur and near-EGOT, had arrived? At Alexander McQueen’s and Marc Jacobs’s shows, the message was just as loud, with feminine colors, flowery appliqués, outsize ruffles, and delicate fabrics in hulking sizes and shapes that seemed to embrace the message that femininity, in all its forms, is fearless. And at Burberry, Riccardo Tisci crafted a puffer jacket whose prevailing mood was something like Joan of Arc going to war clad in a sleeping bag. This movement toward all things oversize has its roots in past feminist waves. Suffragettes marching for the right to vote donned all white as a savvy ploy to get media coverage for their cause. Katharine Hepburn challenged the idea that a movie star must be “ladylike” by wearing slacks in the 1930s, when women could still be arrested for doing so. When women flooded the workforce in the 1980s, shoulder pads became a symbol of assertiveness in the boardroom. It stands to reason, then, that in this particular era, when women are fighting back against the forces that hope to keep us down, in numbers that we have hardly ever seen, we should want to communicate that we will not be backing down, not saying we’re sorry, and not shrinking to make anyone else more comfortable. You’d just better hope the room is big enough to contain us.  Photographed by Zoey Grossman. Styled by Charles Varenne. Hair by Brent Lawler for Oribe; makeup by Tyron Machhausen for Chanel; manicure by Mar y Sol for Essie; casting by Richard Blandino; model: Tami Williams at the Society Management; produced by Elise Connett at 143 Productions; location: The Square Diner, Tribeca. 
 I live in fear that a stranger will snap a photo of me wearing a leopard midi skirt in the wild, only to be dragged in the comment section of a catty (albeit hilarious) Instagram post. The style has long been considered a neutral wardrobe staple, but its increasing popularity in 2019 has made the style a little too ubiquitous. Seemingly overnight, the leopard midi skirt became a fashionable meme, debasing the classic to pure basic-ness. Sure, social media should have no power over my wardrobe choices, but I can't help but reconsider the spotted look in favor of an option that isn't worn by thousands of my peers (although that would be a really good grid post).  Thankfully, Realisation Par (the brand that kickstarted the trend) just launched a new midi this week. If their gift of predicting it-prints is any indication, you can bet that paisley silk is the next big thing. Get ahead of the influencer curve with their new skirt, plus shop more new styles that aren't leopard print.  Realisation Par has spoken: Western paisley is the new leopard.  If you want to invest in a simple black skirt, make it this one by Anine Bing. It's a fashion editor favorite, and we assure you that it will become your favorite basic.  Boohoo  $14 boohoo.com SHOP NOW Our tie dye obsession has yet to slow down, but at $14 why would it?  Treat navy like a neutral and wear it with everything.  If you're keeping track, we're obsessed with slip skirts, tie dye, and obviously, Shrek green.  The ruching at the hip of this skirt will flatter your waist.  The asymmetrical slash on this skirt makes it unlike any other.  This bold floral print will stand out in a sea of solid colors.  Silk Laundry makes the best silk dress, so it's only natural that their skirt is just as good.  If you are still on a leopard print high, try this playful hibiscus take.  Everything's coming up daisies with this adorable style.  Style this skirt with a white cami and you'll look and feel like an angel.   Olivia Von Halle is known for her luxurious pajamas, but don't miss out on her equally chic skirts.  Our top budget buy belongs to H&M.  A thigh-high slit takes this skirt from sweet to sultry.   Brown is an underrated color.  Wear this fuchsia number with a t-shirt during the day, but style it with a bustier at night.  Use tiger print to wean you off leopard.  A drawstring detail elevates this skirt beyond the simple slip.  Peter Pilotto $398 theoutnet.com SHOP NOW On-trend lavender meets jacquard. 
 For the first time ever, Normani took the stage at the 2019 MTV VMAs, solo—her last performance was in 2017 with Fifth Harmony before the group took an indefinite hiatus—to perform her new single "Motivation."  Similar to the music video, the stage was transformed into a basketball court, with the former gymnast sitting atop a basketball hoop. From there, her dancers joined her on stage to perform the "Motivation" dance routine (you know, the one you've likely been practicing in your room since the video was released.) Then came a lot of twerking, a backflip, and a stellar dance solo that included the same handstand into a split combo she performed in the video.  Normani is the first artist to be awarded the Best R&B VMA since Beyoncé recieved it in 2006 for Check On It.pic.twitter.com/6HPzq8RLeM And she did all of this while wearing a purple velour hoodie and skirt set created by celebrity designer Bryan Hearns, the man behind tour looks for Cardi B and Ariana Grande.  "[Stylist] Kollin Carter worked with me very closely, a bunch of sketches and edits were made by Normani and her team to ensure  we got the perfect finished product for the big moment," Hearns explained to ELLE.com of the look that came together in 24 hours.  Inspired by stills from the "Motivation" video, Hearns also wanted to give Normani a 2000s moment.  💕 @Normani came thru with the INNOVATION 👏THE GRACE AND ATHLETICISM she brought to her #VMA performance of “Motivation” is INSANE 🏀 pic.twitter.com/0wE1UaNPso "I grew up in the early 2000s, it was all about skin, sexiness, confidence, and playfulness wrapped in metallics, velours and one shoulder moments," says the designer. "There were so many memorable and iconic moments from J. Lo's Versace dress, Christina Aguilera's bandeau and mini skirt moment to Lil’ Kim's purple pasty moment and Britney and Justin's with denim on denim. [It's a] look that will be remembered forever."
 The MTV VMAs' red carpet has begun in Newark, New Jersey, and already young Hollywood is bringing some of the biggest, brightest, boldest fashion of 2019. Here, see all the looks everyone wore to the ceremony.
 New York Fashion Week hasn't even started yet and Rihanna's some how managed to make it even better, announcing Savage X Fenty is returning to this year's circuit and the runway show will be streamed live on Amazon Prime Video. That's right, save yourself the drama of trying to crash and take in the show from the comfort of your own home.   According to a press release, Savage X Fenty's fall/winter 2019 show will be "a one-of-a-kind event blending music, fashion and culture" with surprises and guest performances. The Savage X Fenty special will take viewers behind the scenes of the making of the show and will be archived on Amazon Prime Video so customers can relive the experience over and over again.  "Rihanna has conquered the worlds of music, film, beauty and fashion.  She has re-invented the idea of what fashionable lingerie should be for a global customer," said Jennifer Salke, head of Amazon Studios. "The brand authentically reflects empowering statements of inclusivity, body positivity and fun!  The Savage X Fenty Show promises to be a ground-breaking and truly unique experience and we’re thrilled to give our global customers an exclusive front row seat." Last year's Savage x Fenty fashion show featured a futuristic greenhouse with a rotating stage, choreographed routines, a very pregnant Slick Woods, and a diverse cast of models in the brands sexy lace sets and cozy loungewear.  Renew your Prime membership ASAP because the Savage X Fenty Show will stream exclusively on Amazon Prime Video starting on Friday, September 20.   
 Late last week, as I lay in bed doing my usual Instagram-scroll wind down before shutting off my phone for the evening, I came across a friend's account who had shared a post from  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley with a caption that read "Looks of the Week."  Looks of the week. 🖤 A post shared by  Rosie HW (@rosiehw) on Aug 21, 2019 at 3:17pm PDT As it turns out, while I was asleep (or too busy catching up on Pose) Huntington-Whiteley has been posting carousels of the outfits she wears every week, in true fashion blogger style.  Now, I know realize she isn't an actual fashion blogger (no, she's an actress, mom, quite definitely a YouTuber, and founder of Rose Inc) but with that posed lean and those looks it's hard to not compare her to some of my favorite Instagrammers in the game.   Street styles 🖤 A post shared by  Rosie HW (@rosiehw) on Jul 16, 2019 at 3:04pm PDT With each carousel, Huntington-Whiteley provides a host of outfit inspiration that us mere mortals can use to create looks with a surprising amount of ease.    Styles of the week. 🖤 A post shared by  Rosie HW (@rosiehw) on Aug 7, 2019 at 9:03am PDT A white tee, with wide leg pants, and barely-there sandals? Yes, please. I'll be wearing that same look as soon as it hits 65 degrees in New York City. Running from a fashion show to a quick presentation at the office? Yep, that red blazer, white T, and light wash jeans will suit me just fine.  Her outfits feel aspirational yet attainable, a departure from the usual glamazon red carpet styles I'm used to seeing her wear. She even goes as far to tag some of the key parts of her look (but skips the whole "tap for credits" caption) making shopping her style all the easier.  At this point, if you haven't already, get to Rosie's page and smash the follow button. I'd say sorry for dropping this info into your lap (you're going to waste at least the next hour in a spiral to the very beginning of her account), but you're better off for it. With fall on the horizon, we could all use some #OOTD inspo, am I right?  
 "We See You." That's the theme of the 2019 Afropunk music festival which started in Brooklyn in 2005 and has since expanded globally to Atlanta, Johannesburg, London, and Paris. "There is power in acknowledgment, a recognition and acceptance that begins with seeing," Afropunk's organizers explained in this year's official press release. "Not at a glance, but with a meaningful gaze, a focus that carries the strength required to build a shared global future and a brave new world."  In the 14 years since its inception, seeing and being seen has become a quintessential part of Afropunk with festival attendees turning out in over-the-top styles—think golden halo crowns, angel wings, and full-body jewelry—that are nothing short of thrilling. This year's event was no exception. Held in Brooklyn's Commodore Barry Park on Saturday August 24 and Sunday August 25, the event's lineup included FKA Twigs, Jill Scott, Rico Nasty, Tierra Whack (with a special guest appearance by Alicia Keys), Lianne La Havas, Kamasi Washington, Santigold, Gary Clark Jr., Ravyn Lenae, Leon Bridges and many, many more.  Signs throughout the park outlined Afropunk's ground rules in no uncertain terms: "NO SEXISM. NO RACISM. NO ABLEISM. NO AGEISM. NO HOMOPHOBIA. NO FATPHOBIA. NO TRANSPHOBIA. NO HATEFULNESS. NO TRUMPISM." Instead, "YES TO LOVE. YES TO BLACK. YES TO WOMEN. YES TO QUEER. YES TO FLUIDITY. YES TO IMMIGRANTS. YES TO FREEDOM." And yes to a safe space for wearing whatever the hell you want. Ahead, some of Afropunk 2019's best looks. Tierra Whack with special guest Alicia Keys FKA Twigs Ravyn Lenae Rico Nasty Jungle Pussy Santigold
 The fashion industry has had a long history of using unethical practices to produce clothing, but thanks to the G7 Fashion Pact, history will (hopefully) no longer repeat itself. A coalition made up of 32 global luxury retailers brought together by French President Emmanuel Macron and representing around 150 brands have pledged to fight the global climate crisis. As part of the initiative, Nordstrom has launched a new Sustainable Style online shopping category. "You've told us that you want consciously manufactured products that align with your values. We want those things too," the brand wrote on the Sustainable Style landing page. The new category boasts over 2,000 styles "that are made from sustainably sourced materials, manufactured in factories that meet higher social or environmental standards, or that give back" from 90 brands, including Patagonia, Reformation, Eileen Fisher, Veja, Caudalie and the retailer's own Treasure & Bond. Committing to the G7 Fashion Pact isn't the only way Nordstrom is improving its affect on the climate. The brand has made an effort to use more responsible materials when producing Nordstrom-made products and reduce the amount of materials used when packaging and shipping its offerings. "Nordstrom leads with the fundamental belief that we have a responsibility to leave the world better than we found it. And in the fast-changing world of retail, it’s also essential to continually evolve our business not only to better meet customers’ needs and expectations, but also to support our communities and protect our environment,” Gigi Ganatra, vice president of corporate affairs and PR at Nordstrom, said in a statement. “It’s a responsibility Nordstrom takes seriously, and we’re proud of the progress we’ve made in reducing our carbon footprint and conserving resources across our global supply chain and we’re continuing to make this a top priority for the company.” Below, some of the Sustainable Style pieces to shop now.
 Michael Kors skipped his senior prom for a much more pressing engagement: a night out at the legendary Studio 54. The club’s chic denizens “had no idea we were high school students from Long Island,” the designer recalls. “The minute I walked in, I knew it was the place to be—that the mix of style, energy, and sexy glamour was truly special. It felt like the scene in The Wizard of Oz when they finally reach Oz.”  This season, Kors took us all to his own personal Oz when he channeled late-’70s glam for his fall show. He had a little help from two of the era’s biggest icons: Patti Hansen, who made a heralded return to the runway, and Barry Manilow, who performed “Copacabana” (with Bella Hadid grooving alongside him). Though the designer confesses to missing the days when people got decked out and partied sans cell phones and social media, the collection was less a nostalgia trip and more a panacea for what ails us. “I think when times are tough—and let’s be honest, the world is a little crazy right now—romance and fashion are the ultimate tonic,” he says. Kors’s recipe? A moodboard featuring revelers like Diana Ross and John Travolta, and a collaboration with Studio 54. He splashed the club’s iconic logo on everything from floor-sweeping puffers and leather weekenders to scarf-neck blouses and sequined minidresses. “They were so excited when we reached out,” says Kors of the MGM Grand Hotel, LLC, which currently owns the rights to the name. But the ’70s inspiration extended beyond the logos: “I wanted to re-create the vibe of Studio 54,” he says. “It had a very late-night/early-morning mood, and we all used to leave with a little glitter in our hair."Kors wasn’t the only designer to look back to disco’s glory days this season, and the revival couldn’t be more timely. Nearly 50 years ago, the struggle for equal rights, the energy crisis, and the Watergate scandal dominated the news cycle. (Sound familiar?) The disco craze, and the louche fashion associated with it, was a way of letting loose from social constraints and escaping political and environmental doom and gloom. It’s hard to believe that, decades later, we’re still fighting many of the same battles. But given the state of things, it should come as less of a surprise that designers are resorting to a time-tested antidote. “Glamour is all about adding that extra something that makes you feel special, confident, and ready to take on any situation,” Kors says. A little lamé could be just what the designer ordered. Disco icon Grace Jones shone at Tommy Hilfiger in a gold bodysuit and striped lamé blazer, part of the designer's '70s-inflected collaboration with vintage-loving Zendaya.  At Staud, models in slinky jersey dresses and rib-knits discoed their way down the runway. Paco Rabanne designer Julien Dossena referenced the brand's iconic chain mail to create liquid-silver evening dresses destined for the dance floor. Anthony Vaccarello's version of rose-tinted lenses at Saint Laurent? A black light that kicked oversize furs and the teeniest of minidresses up a neon notch.
 R.Vivimos' long-sleeve midi is basically going viral.  We’re not going to sugarcoat it for you: Finding the a great dress for the end of the summer is easier said than done.  In a perfect world, you’d be able to find something lightweight enough to wear to the beach or a backyard barbecue, has long sleeves to protect you against cooler summer nights, and will receive tons of compliments.    Even if you are able to find a dress that ticks off every box, it’ll probably cost you a pretty penny, right? Amazon begs to differ.   Over the past few months, we’ve noticed a crop of bloggers and stylish social media users rocking the same long-sleeved, floral dress. And now that we know it’s from Amazon and available for under $30, we cannot wait to get our hands on one. Okay, five of them.   From an under-the-radar brand called R.Vivimos, this style is the dress of our dreams. Made with a soft cotton blend, this dress looks ridiculously comfortable (it's even being dubbed the "Nightgown Dress"), making it something you'll actually be excited to wear. But don't worry, you won't have to sacrifice style to be cozy. This dress also features a flattering midi hemline, cuffed sleeves, and a v-neckline that's fastened with sweet, fringe ties. Plus, it's available in 16 gorgeous colors, so you can easily find an option that suits your personal style.      Never not wearing an Amazon mumu 🤣 HOW DID WE LIVE BEFORE THEM?!? Have you jumped on the bandwagon yet? (I credit @graceatwood and @hithapalepu for influencing me.) There’s a whole blog post dedicated to it if you search “Amazon mumu” and both colors I own are also linked in my Amazon shop (as are these earrings—link in profile!) At $30 a pop I may order all colors so I only have to pack mumus for Spain 🤔 Would you put it past me? 😂 A post shared by  Jess Keys (@jesskeys_) on Aug 11, 2019 at 7:02pm PDT  We know what you're thinking: Do I really need another dress? After all, the days of summer dresses are almost behind us. But trust us,  R.Vivimos' versatile style makes this well worth the order. With the right accessorizes, you can wear it virtually anytime.     I finally found a dress that you can’t tell I have a massive fibroid that makes me look 20 weeks pregnant! Sure, maybe it looks more like a nightgown (@graceatwood has coined it the #amazonnightgown after all) and Lawson asked if I was going to change out of my pajamas before we left this morning, but 🤷‍♀️. It’s comfy af and that’s all I care about! Oh and it’s $27 and comes in 10 color options. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Shop my daily looks by following me on the LIKEtoKNOW.it app @liketoknow.it http://liketk.it/2EaXG #liketkit #LTKunder50 #LTKtravel #LTKspring #LTKstyletip #lovemgemi #totewell #styleover40 #fashionover40 #theeverygirl #momstyle #legitmomstyle #denverbloggersclub #denverblogger #theeverymom #sharetheeverymom A post shared by  Luv in the Bubble (@ericakartak) on Aug 15, 2019 at 10:32am PDT  Throw it on with a pair of sunglasses and sandals and you're ready for Labor Day weekend. If your office has a fairly casual dress code, make this piece work-ready with some pumps. And once the temperature drops, you can even wear it with a pair of riding boots and a jean jackets. Before you know it, it will be a wardrobe staple. 
From: Good Housekeeping US

 Cargo pants are back, but they're nothing like you remember. Before you run for the hills, hear our plea: These are not the pants you idolized during your tweenage pop punk phase in the early 2000s. No, these are ones that can be worn by grown ups who staunchly believe ties do not go with Hanes tank tops. For a modern take on the pocketed trend, look to our favorite designers: Jacquemus's 10th anniversary runway featured the wide-legged style in dreamy hues of metallic lavender and punchy fuchsia. Then there's Isabel Marant, who made a high-fashion version for Nigel Thornberry in safari-ready khakis. There's also an affordable style by ASOS, which somehow makes us want to dress like Kim Possible. Convinced cargo pants belongs in 2019? Read on for our guide on how to balance the baggy silhouette with strategic styling.  A slinky pair of cargo pants styled with a blazer makes this outfit the perfect work-to-happy hour look.  Kim Possible meets 2019: An oversized cargo pant can be balanced out with a fitted turtleneck and sky-high stilettos.  If army-grade camo pants are too much for you, try a modern take on the print and tame it with a neutral white tee.  UFO pants (with a Cape Cod twist) work for a beach night when styled monochromatically.  For the office, try a sleeker cargo pant and style them with a work-ready sweater and flats.  Tuck a flannel shirt into your pants, then tuck the ends of your pants into slouchy boots. Now you have a chic, safari-inspired look.  Hype baes will love this matching set, styled down with Air Force Ones.  Silky fabrics elevate the cargo pant into date night territory.  Prada $1,336 matchesfashion.com SHOP NOW  Go for a cargo pant suit. You'll have all the pockets you need to store your business cards.  A trouser-sweater-sandal combo is a great way to transition from Summer into Fall.  This outfit is full-on '90s, but we're not mad at it. Denim cargo pants with an oversized button down is ideal for weekend errands.  A preppy polo can be dressed down with khaki cargos and an on-trend belt bag.  Black tie cargo pants are officially here. If it looks this good, what's not to love? 
 2019 marked the first year online retail sales exceeded those of brick and mortar shops, and it's easy to see why. Whether you're adding to cart via Instagram or you drunkenly bought a vintage Chanel jacket and a dolphin necklace from your bed at 2AM (no regrets), shopping online is so damn simple. Major e-commerce sites like Amazon and Nordstrom top our list of the best digital destinations, but the world wide web offers some of the best indie boutiques, direct-to-consumer brands, and little-known brands you should be paying attention to. Read on for our favorites, here. I am a tried and true Everlane fangirl. But if you've ever tried visiting one of their three brick and mortar shops (with a fourth location opening soon in Brooklyn, NY), you know all too well that a line is usually waiting out the door. Their eco-friendly, socially conscious clothes are worth the wait, but we prefer shopping on their easy-to-navigate, fully stocked website instead.  Stylenanda is a staple in its home base in Korea, but they're just getting started here in the US. The brand is known for flirty dresses at a super affordable price point, but make sure you don't miss out on their K-beauty brand 3CE, which was recently acquired by L'Oréal.  If you like your jewelry loud, colorful, and most importantly, plentiful, make sure you check out Baublebar. They have limited styles sold at retailers like Bloomingdales, but their own site has so much more to offer. With the exception of their newly launched fine jewelry collection, most of their styles fall under $50. You're bound to get all the compliments.  You probably saw this top all over Instagram, but that hasn't slowed your interest in buying it. With Jean is based in Australia and is a fan favorite of models like Elsa Hosk and Martha Hunt. Think of them as the Aussie version of Rouje. Shop here for feminine separates worth double posting to your grid.  If you love Old Celine, you'll love Frankie Shop, and you'll really love their budget-friendly clothes. The NYC-based site curates their in-house label alongside contemporary brands like Rachel Comey and LOQ. Make sure you follow their Instagram too, for a muted palette to inspire you in fashion, home decor, and more.  What started as a small shop in the Lower East Side of Manhattan has turned into an online trove of sartorial treasures. Pixie Market has something for everyone, whether it's their minimalist '70s clothing (like this amazing linen set) or $20 gold hoops. Their tight edit of on-trend clothes is unbranded, high quality, and priced fairly— rarely does an item exceed $150. Be sure to act fast, because their items are known for selling out quickly.  Aritzia is one of our go-to brands for everyday essentials, but their IRL stores can be very overwhelming. Shopping their website means you can bypass the search (and avoid their group fitting rooms). Don't forget to peruse their selection of online exclusives you can't get anywhere else. Also, I tried finding this dress in a real boutique this week— it was sold out but it still has a size range online.  The Last Line is your ultimate destination for those who expect whimsy to go hand and hand with 14k gold and diamonds, . They know how to have fun with their fine jewelry, which includes everything from yin yang pendants to rainbow diamond tennis bracelets. You'll be investing in a piece from TLL, but know that you'll cherish it forever. 
 Earlier this summer Taylor Swift and Stella McCartney were planning to debut a fashion collaboration, and the first look at it is finally here. The singer revealed on her Instagram this afternoon that the two created a Lover merchandise line together. "#StellaxTaylorSwift is coming soon 💘," Swift wrote in the post that showed her and McCartney working on the line behind the scenes. "It’s been SO much fun to work/dream up cute stuff with my friend @stellamccartney to create a line inspired by my new album Lover. Can’t wait to show you what we've been working on and tell you more about the pop up shop at the @YouTube Live event this Thursday at 5p ET!"  On Taylor's site, a look book has been posted of the merchandise that will be available. Pastel tie-dye hoodies, some with album lyrics like "There's a dazzling haze" and "summer's a knife," are among the main items. There are also baseball caps, totes, tops, and so much more.  These are more than just fashion pieces; they're eco-friendly. All jersey in the collection is made from sustainable organic cotton, and it'll be available at a New York City pop up store on August 23 to 25, to start. Swift will reveal more later on Thursday, presumably about when it will launch online and how much everything will be. You can learn more about the collection on here on Stella McCartney's site.
 Sorry to be that person, but there are just a few more months left in 2019 which means it's time to think critically about the trends you still want to try in 2019 and what you're so happy to leave behind. To make things a little easier, I touched based with fashion directors and buyers at retailers such as Nordstrom, Saks Fifth Avenue, Shopbop, and Net-a-Porter to see what they think is big for 2019—and why you may want to ditch those off-the-shoulder shirts and motorcycle jackets.  "An inescapable sea of beige is coming this season," says Elizabeth von der Goltz, Global Buying Director at Net-a-Porter. "We love the idea of mixing shades within one look and experimenting with fabrication like leather, silk and linen." But if head-to-toe tan isn't for you, "try styling it back with pops of beautiful pastel shades," von de Goltz advises.  "They will be the 'it' accessory in 2019," says Saks Fifth Avenue Fashion Director Roopal Patel. "The structured design is luxe and polished, making for the perfect everyday bag." As the temperature heats up, expect to see more artisanal craft details, experts say. "But on very minimalist silhouettes like at Loewe, JW Anderson, Victoria Beckham, and Jacquemus," says Tiffany Hsu, Mytheresa Fashion Buying Director.  Barneys New York Fashion Director, Marina Larroude agrees: "Nothing screams summer more than crochet and macramé. From Missoni to Isabel Marant, crafty fabrications were all over the runways and it will be a hit with customers come spring." "The color of the season is any bright shade of neon," says Larroude. "One can invest in a small cross body bag in neon to get just the right touch of the trend."  Pastels will also be big in 2019 adds Maud Barrionuevo, Global Director of Buying & Merchandising at 24 Sèvres. "I look forward to seeing softer, feminine shades especially in the glum, cold months of the new year. Outerwear and tailored separates in candy hues are going to be especially beautiful," she says.  "Function meets fashion in the form of the utility chic trend," says van der Goltz. "Expect to see an abundance of khaki, patch pockets, cotton drill and cargo pants." Take the trend to the next level and try a boiler suit, the exec suggests.  "The ultimate in one-step dressing, it's efficient, comfortable, and cool," she says.  "Neo-tailoring is the must have for 2019," says Shannon Schafer, Nordstrom Senior Fashion Director.  "A relaxed suit feels freshest with looser layers and softer silhouettes. Don’t be surprised to see short suits and skirt suit options which are also emerging."  Both leather and faux leather are gaining momentum beyond just outerwear, says Schafer. "Black is a staple, however browns, fiery reds, and white will be most fashion forward.  Matte and high shine leathers are also both relevant and can be dressed up or down."   "We have already seen a lot coming through from fall 2018 but spring 2019 will be even bigger and better," says Hsu. "Designers are getting into python and leopard prints layered on floral summer prints." Look for the playful print on feminine blouses, wrap dresses, sling backs or pumps, advises Barrionuevo.
 Hard truth and soft fabric with Cynthia Rowley.  “Surfing is how I meditate,” designer Cynthia Rowley tells me at the edge of the Atlantic Ocean. We've driven out to Montauk for CR Surf Camp, a fledgling event that merges the Insta-posing of a Revolve retreat with the muscle demands of a varsity sport. Behind us, Christina Caradona (aka @TropRouge) is live streaming on the sand. Ahead of us, Waikei Tong is paddling towards a swell. And Rowley is pulling me up from a wipeout—one of many, many, many—in pursuit of my Blue Crush moment. (Haters rejoice: You can watch me go down, hard, on Rowley's own Insta feed.)  According to Rowley, the crash of the waves, and the crash of the surfers in them, is all part of the thrill she hopes to instill in other young women, including her daughters Kit (19) and Gigi (14, and a kids' surfing instructor herself). “Surfing is a reminder the world is bigger than me," Rowley explains, urging me back into the sea as the tide calms down. "The ocean is bigger than any of my problems.” The thing is, the ocean has a huge problem of its own—marine pollution—and ironically, the surf communities so beloved in Montauk, Malibu, and elsewhere might be hanging ten in ecologically toxic gear. “Surfers are some of the most eco-conscious people in the world,” says Rowley, who's teamed with charities like the Surfrider Foundation to help promote cleaner beaches worldwide. “But for a long time, our primary uniform—the wetsuit—was made with polyester and really harmful plastics! The irony is mind-boggling... Once I saw how much plastic was in normal neoprene, I knew [surf wear] had to evolve.” Rowley isn’t the only designer tackling eco-conscious swimwear, but she’s definitely one of the most consistent. After partnering with a Thai factory in 2008, her label has been pushing sustainable wetsuits, one-pieces, and bikinis for nearly 12 years. This season, they’ve created the majority of their swimwear—and even some ready-to-wear outfits—from natural and recycled materials picked for their minimal impact on waterways.  “We started with the basic stuff—figuring out how to make swimsuit ‘skin’ from recycled plastic bottles,” Rowley explains. “The ‘carbon black,’ which is the spongy filler inside neoprene? We make it with recycled tires. And then there are components nobody thinks about, like glue. Every wetsuit uses glue, and so do a ton of swimsuits. But glue is often made from harsh chemicals—we don’t want that. So we found a water-based glue instead. If some of it sheds or erodes, that’s okay—it’s water!” As for the neoprene itself, Rowley’s team makes it with limestone instead of liquid plastic, swapping out a toxic material for one that biodegrades. Design nerds—and anyone who played with Tangrams as a kid—will also obsess over Rowley’s construction. “We make it a game,” she laughs, “because we want to make a human body shape out of flat pieces. We don’t want any leftover scraps—we want to use them all, so there’s no waste. And we do!”  Then there’s the matter of reuse—not just longevity. Is there more to a wetsuit or swimsuit than just a day at the beach? “We talk about this a lot,” Rowley says, “Because we know clothes have to last longer, and also through more than one season to be truly sustainable. If you can wear a romper or leotard year-round, why not a wetsuit or a one-piece? We put the SpongeBob one under a dress on the runway last season. I think the floral swimsuits look cool as hell under a blazer, too. Once winter comes around and you’re freezing, why wouldn’t you go for the most insulating thing you have?” I mention a surfer friend who nixed my wetsuit-and-jeans combo last fall with a one-word text: poser. “Yeah,” concedes Rowley. “On the one hand, I get that some surfers treat their wetsuit like a tool, something that really belongs to them as part of surf culture, and they don’t want it co-opted as a fashion item. But we’re trying to change that, because surf culture can’t exist without sustainable living. And if you can turn one item of clothing into like three different outfits, and you love how you look? Then screw it and wear what you want.”
 No, that's not a typo.  We've been thinking about it the entire summer: The stylish, swishy silhouette. The buttery silk fabric. The hemline that hits just below the knee. Yes, we're talking about the leopard midi skirt that's been all over your Instagram feed.   As this summer's unofficial It skirt, it feels like every stylish woman has rocked this leopard midi. But for as in-demand as this wardrobe staple is, it can be tricky to find an option that looks great without breaking your budget...or so we thought. A brand called Go-Samsara Silk Skirts is selling a leopard midi on Amazon for $25. Let that sink in for a second.     Not only will this mid-calf hemline, with its flattering shape, look good on practically everyone, but the leopard print can act as a statement piece or a neutral depending on how you style the skirt, making it incredibly versatile, too. Concerned you'll feel too restricted? Don't worry: Go-Samsara's skirt has an elastic waistband, which means you shouldn't have too much trouble ordering sizes.   Had to jump on the leopard print midi skirt train 🚂 I’ve been wearing this thing constantly! . . . . #brooklynblogger #nycstyle #nycblog #brooklynblog #acolorstory #makelifebeautiful #springstyle #liveauthentic #springoutfit #ootd #wiwt #ootdblogger #bohostyle #petitestyle #americanstyle #styleinspo #pursuepretty #darlingdaily #cjlagirls #leopardmidiskirt #leopardskirt A post shared by  Abby 🎉🌟🤗 Seattle Blogger (@abby.formella) on Jun 14, 2019 at 6:45am PDT  Happy Friday!✨ So happy to be back in my favorite place doing allllllll the podcast networking🙌🏻 Got here late last night. Spent the morning at #bevhillshotel for breakfast and coconut milk lattes. And pictures, duh. I’ll never get sick of it here. Now we’re off to something I’ve NEVER done- we’re doing the #warnerbrothers studio tour...CENTRAL PERK👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 So many fun things planned for this trip. Business, pleasure, low key, high key, everything.  ___ Love getting messages from you guys, it makes me so happy. Between being here and connecting with all of you, I’m really just in such a good place right now.🖤 Be sure to follow my personal account @annameesh for more stories of my trip! XO A post shared by  THE ENOUGH PODCAST🎙 (@theenoughpodcast) on Jul 19, 2019 at 1:01pm PDT  The first step for shifting into a transeasonal wardrobe is with footwear (lol see what I did there?) 👠👢👡 I am sooo excited for boot season to return! Another great way to transition your wardrobe is with darker prints (ex: leopard) and to play with necklines (ex: this cropped mock-neck). Full blog post on this to come!💫 A post shared by  Kendall Becker (@kendall_becker) on Aug 8, 2019 at 10:43am PDT While plenty of brands are selling this ultra-trendy piece for nearly $100—sometimes, even more—Go-Samsara's option is a steal. Let's be honest: You've probably spent more than $25 on dinner or an Uber to work. Whether you pair it with a button-down top for the office, a jean jacket during happy hour with your friends, or a silky black cami for date night, one thing's for sure: You don't want to pass on this skirt.  Shop more Amazon Fashion sales with Slick Deals. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 
From: Marie Claire US

 The actress can wear anything well. Actress Zendaya Coleman may be just 22, but her style has been hitting the mark for years. See all her best looks, from her first Disney days to now. On the Teen Choice Awards blue carpet in Hermosa Beach, California. At the AT&T Dream In Black Brunch during the 25th Essence Festival in New Orleans. At the Fendi Couture Fall/Winter dinner in Rome. At the Lancôme Idôle fragrance launch at Palais D’Iena in Paris. At the Giorgio Armani Prive Haute Couture Fall/Winter show in Paris.  At the Spider-Man: Far From Home after party in Los Angeles.  At the Los Angeles premiere of Spider-Man: Far From Home.  At JFK airport in New York.  Out and about in New York City.   Arriving at The Late Show With Stephen Colbert in New York City.  Outside MTV in New York City.  Outside MTV in New York City.  At the Empire State Building in New York City.   Out and about in New York City.  At Harry Potter and the Cursed Child: Parts One & Two on Broadway in New York City.  At the photocall for Spider-Man: Far From Home in London.  At the HBO Euphoria screening in New York City.   At the ATX Television Festival in Austin, Texas.  At the Euphoria premiere in Los Angeles.   Arriving at Jimmy Kimmel Live in Los Angeles.  Out and about in Los Angeles, California.  At the Met Gala.  At the Tommy Hilfiger TOMMYNOW Spring 2019 : TommyXZendaya show in Paris, France.  At the Vanity Fair and Lancôme Toast Women In Hollywood event in West Hollywood, California.  At the Lancôme New Global Brand Ambassadors event in Los Angeles.  At the Ame Jewelry Launch Event in Los Angeles.  At the GQ Men of the Year Awards.  At the MTV Movie and TV Awards.  At the MTV Movie and TV Awards.  At the Tiffany & Co. Paper Flowers event in New York City. 
 Conjuring up the energy to physically shop in stores is an obstacle in itself. Today, it's all about clothing rental services such as Rent the Runway, which allow shoppers to "borrow" clothes for a small price each month. On Friday, August 16, Banana Republic announced that it's making its first foray into the rental world with the launch of Style Passport.  Banana Republic, which is owned by Gap Inc., will officially launch Style Passport in September. The subscription service is pretty simple: For $85 a month, customers can rent up to three garments at a time. The fee includes free priority shipping, unlimited exchanges and returns, and complimentary laundering services. To start, Style Passport will offer women's styles with plans to add men’s pieces later on.  “We’re constantly evolving with our customer, meeting her where she is shopping. Style Passport will drive incremental revenue, and help us connect with younger shoppers who appreciate great style and want an affordable, sustainable way to try new fashion,” Mark Breitbard, CEO and president of Banana Republic, said in a statement. “With this new service, we’ll gather valuable insights from a highly interactive customer base that can be used to design future product and experiences.” Banana Republic's Style Passport is the latest to join the growing pool of clothing rental services. Earlier this year, Urban Outfitters announced its rental service Nuuly, Loft debuted Infinitely Loft, Bloomingdale's is set to launch a subscription service in September, and this week, Macy's revealed it is also exploring a potential apparel rental service.
 French girl style, no matter how much you try to deny it, is universally loved for a reason. It's only a matter of time before VSCO girls and their Brandy Melville tube tops and vaporwave color scheme will mature into Breton shirts, perfectly tailored denim, and haughty red lips worn at 7AM. Sure, you can fault the effortlessly stylish Parisienne woman for your lifelong struggle with whether or not you should get bangs, but it's chic and you know it. So it's fitting that bijoux brand Mejuri tapped into our Francophile obsession with their latest collection inspired by a French icon. No, not it's not Brigitte Bardot or even an influencer who founded an Instagram clothing label.  This twelve-piece drop takes inspiration from that most irresistible of French delicacies—the croissant. Dubbed the Croissant Dôme Collection, it includes white and yellow gold rings, bracelets, and earrings that take the shape of your favorite flaky pastry.  This is how french girls carry their baguette 🥖 #thetruestoryaboutthebaguettebag A post shared by  Adenorah (@annelauremais) on Jun 20, 2019 at 1:30am PDT Beyond making you think of butter, this collection is a subtle throwback to mom jewelry from the '80s. The chunky silhouettes are a step above the delicate styles we've been obsessed with lately, but each piece can be seamlessly woven into your daily accessories game (Le Pain Quotidien, but make it fashion). I'm particularly excited by the clanking bracelet stacks and, best of all, pinky rings that make you feel like a patronne ('boss' in French, duh).  @mejuri When a croissant obsession becomes a lifestyle. 🥐 Wearing the Croissant Dôme from @mejuri #MejuriPartner A post shared by  Amy Lefévre (@lefevrediary) on Aug 12, 2019 at 9:05am PDT   i like my 🥐 where i can see ‘em 💫 the new, vintage-inspired croissant collection from @mejuri is right up my alley to say the least❤️ #Mejuri #MejuriPartner A post shared by  alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on Aug 12, 2019 at 11:18am PDT  $65 $65 $65 $65 $105 $105 $300 $300 $315 $315
 There's Insta "baddies" with their on-fleek eyebrows, alt "e-girls," who wear mesh shirts with Sailor Moon skirts, and, more recently, "soft girls," twirling around in pastel sundresses to Lana Del Rey. But a new tween-girl Internet lifestyle subculture has entered the lexicon—and she comes with a metal straw in tow.  Meet "VSCO girl."  Who is she?  She's a Gen-Zer with soft-wave hair pulled back in a pink scrunchie. Her tube top is from Brandy Melville and her cut-off denim shorts are Urban Outfitters. She pairs the laid-back look with Birkenstocks or white Vans. Her car is a Jeep, which she drives to the beach to watch sunsets with friends. She captures the moment on her polaroid camera.   comment more niche meme ideas! ——————————————————————- apps: - @yada.land - phonto - PicsArt  #phonto#picsart#yada#niche#meme#nichememes#hydroflask#kanken#Carmen#metalstraw#savetheturtles#burtsbees#vans#firstnichepost#nichepost#instagram#apps#vsco#vscogirlstarterpack#aesthetic#elastics#hair#birkenstock#crocs#trendy#trending A post shared by  ~threads/niches~ (@cute._threads) on Jun 22, 2019 at 1:15pm PDT Inside her Kanken backpack you'll find a Hydro Flask water bottle and a metal straw, because she's environmentally conscious. Her wrists are hidden beneath layered Pura Vida bracelets. On her neck? That's a puka shell necklace.  She's eco-friendly, with an objectively mid-2000s surfer girl meets Marissa Cooper California cool vibe. The bubbly new aesthetic—accurately defined by Urban Dictionary as "the tumblr girls of 2019"—is taking over every corner of the Internet. On TikTok, #vscogirl videos have been viewed over 405 million times and on Instagram over 1 million posts are tagged #vscogirl.  The term VSCO (pronounced "visco") comes from the app VSCO, a photo editing and sharing tool famous for its flattering filters. Influencers use it to create consistency in their photo content. Essentially, a VSCO girl is someone whose look matches up with the curated filters found in the app, which boasts a user base primarily under the age of 25. “We love seeing teens come together to express who they are and how they see the world. Whether you own a scrunchie or not, all are welcome to VSCO and we will continue to provide a safe space where you can share your diverse experiences and points of view," VSCO’s vice president of communications Julie Inouye tells ELLE.com.  The new lifestyle trend has spawned hundreds of tutorial videos, both on YouTube and TikTok. 
  It's also led to the creation of an endless amount of memes.  no one:absolutely not a soul:vsco girls: pic.twitter.com/q9rAEn4bW8 tumblr girls walked so vsco girls could run me:vsco girls: ♡ 🌈🌸✨🙈 ☆ turning my horse into a 13 year old vsco girl pic.twitter.com/5i1nykGtMy Including this particularly good one of Shawn Mendes as a VSCO girl.  Shawn as a vsco girl! @ShawnMendes #shawnmendes pic.twitter.com/LM8akWDIN2 The chilled-out look, which took off this summer,  was popularized in part by influencers like Emma Chamberlain, who was dubbed "the most important YouTuber today," by The Atlantic's Taylor Lorenz. In a video from July, Chamberlain goes shopping for VSCO girl clothes at both Brandy Melville and Urban Outfitters.   Despite the environmentally conscious aspect of VSCO girls—many of them advocate for the use of metal straws to "save the turtles"—it has quickly become a target for mockery online.   vsco girls grow up to become suburban wine moms  to all the vsco girls #tiktok #vscogirl pic.twitter.com/NbZpHfehd7 And, as Buzzfeed news reporter Lauren Strapagiel points out, "VSCO girls are, by and large, white, thin, and have enough money to buy the various high-end items the trend includes." "Normally when you’re talking about a VSCO girl, it is predominantly people who are white and very skinny and they own all these big name brands. So typically it’s associated with being rich," one VSCO girl told Strapagiel. "But I don’t think it should be like that."
 With the fiftieth anniversary of Woodstock comes a new look for flower-child fashion. Here the era's exaggerated florals and bold tie-dye meet beachside staples for a truly far-out trip. Top look: Jacket, polo, both Polo Ralph Lauren. Shorts, Levi's Red Tab, Bandanna, belt, seashell bracelet, all A.N.G.E.L.O. Vintage Archive. Earring, Satin G. Seashell choker, Madame Pauline Vintage. Woven bracelets, all, Dior. Brass seashell bracelet, rings, all, Carolina Bernardini Jewelry. Vintage necklace and rings. Styled by Carola Bianchi. Model: Daphne at Women Management 

 Hiking-inspired looks may be a fall fashion trend, but we prefer to wear shearling on the trail, not a catwalk. But that doesn't mean you have go totally granola. After all, did you even visit Runyon Canyon if you didn't post a cute outfit pic to your IG stories? So whether your next hike involves actual climbing or you consider a trip to the grocery store a trek enough, click through for 17 cute outfit ideas so good, they deserve some shine at post-hike brunch too. The color of these shorts is named after Zion National Park, so you know they're ideal for hot summer hikes.  If there's a waterfall at the end of your next hike—and there always should be—opt for leggings and hiking sandals over sneakers.  We love this neutral-toned outfit, which matches the dust of the trail (so you won't look too dirty at the end).  Pack a light jacket to throw over your outfit just in case it rains.  If you're walking through thick brush, opt for thicker cotton pants instead of leggings.  For less strenuous hikes, bust out a statement look like this gilded set. Then get a green juice immediately after.  A color like this is perfect for 'gramming at the top of the mountain.  This outfit is a modern take on Princess Di's iconic biker short look.   For colder hikes, try a cozy puffer jacket.  Tie dye, so hot right now.  A technical vest is a sleek alternative to trending shearling ones.  This outfit combines functionality with flair.  All-black is a classic look, but we love the french cut details of this style from Adam Selman.  Reebok's collaboration with Victoria Beckham is some of the chicest workout gear we've ever seen.  A unitard for hiking? Why not.  Outdoor Voices is trying to make workout dresses a thing, and we're totally on board.  You'll be easy to spot in this bright neon set. 
 Treat yourself to some diamonds without breaking the bank.  BaubleBar has always been a go-to for on-trend costume jewelry that doesn't break the bank. But now, the brand is getting into the fine jewelry game too. Featuring solid 14-karat gold, diamonds, and gemstones, BaubleBar's Fine Jewelry collection, which will be a permanent line within the accessories brand, launches today.    The debut collection features a 38-piece assortment of earrings and rings ranging in price from $55 to $995. Turning over a new leaf, it marks the first time the playful, trendy brand has fully dipped into real diamonds and gold.  "Since launching our gold vermeil collection in 2017, the request for fine jewelry only grew stronger,"  BaubleBar's design director, Danielle Roever, told BAZAAR.com. "Our fine assortment is very similar to our other offerings from an aesthetic perspective. These styles are meant to fit within our assortment so you can mix/match it with your other BaubleBar jewelry seamlessly. BaubleBar has always been a way to treat yourself to something that makes your heart full and there's nothing more empowering than purchasing a diamond for yourself." So go ahead, treat yourself and shop BaubleBar's Fine Jewelry collection below.  Initial stud earrings made from 14-karat solid gold and diamonds.  A dainty, stackable ring featuring one centered baguette diamond flanked by two round diamonds, all set in solid 14-karat gold.  A row of seven petite diamonds in a solid 14-karat gold setting.  For a more playful earring moment, two bezel set diamonds connected with a delicate solid 14-karat gold chain.  A tiny huggie hoop earring is ideal for stacking. It features 11 round diamonds set in solid 14-karat gold.  A stackable solid gold ring featuring a single petite diamond.  Featuring six zigzagged diamonds set in solid 14-karat rose gold, this stud is sold as a single earring so you can mix, match, or opt for a pair.  A playful circle motif stud earring in solid gold.  A wraparound earring cuff including two round diamonds set in solid 14-karat gold.  BaubleBar's safety pin earrings come in two sizes and the choice of solid gold or diamond encrusted. This style features 37 petite round diamonds.  A sleek ear crawler made of 18 round diamonds set in solid 14-karat white gold.  A caged gold ear cuff that, again, can be worn solo or stacked.  A dainty and elegant take on the classic huggie, this drop earring features three round diamonds set in solid 14-karat gold and is sold as a single so you can mix, match, or opt for a pair.   
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 For 20 years now, Target has debuted its limited-edition designer collaborations to great fanfare that often resulted in a crashed website, hundreds of rabid shoppers hoarding merchandise, and endless check-out lines. Fashion fans who lived through the store's first launches from the likes of Proenza Schouler, Jason Wu, Altuzarra and Rodarte, but walked away empty handed, are soon to get a second shot at scoring their affordable dream wardrobe. Yesterday, Target released the official lookbook of its 20th Anniversary collection so you can get a head start on your shopping plan. Launching September 14, the nearly 300-piece limited-edition collection features apparel, home decor, accessories and kitchenware. Highlights include a pink and beige statement print jacket from Issac Mizrahi, an oxblood plunging v-neck dress from Altuzarra, Marimekko tableware in an graphic black-and-white print, and a luggage set with Missoni's signature zig-zags.  “Two decades ago, when we first set out to make beautifully designed products affordable, we created a movement in retail and culture that proclaimed that design could be—and should be—for all," said Rick Gomez, executive vice president, chief marketing and digital officer, Target. "This Anniversary Collection takes our guests on a nostalgic journey through our designer collaboration history where they can discover products that they’ll fall in love with all over again, or for some, for the very first time.”  The collection is priced from $7-$160 and will be available at all Target stores and online at target.com starting on Saturday, Sept. 14. See the full Target 20th Anniversary lookbook below.  
 Until recently, as far I was concerned #HotGirlSummer was still going strong and you were going to have to pry those vibes out of my cold, dead hands. With two weeks of August and plenty of sweltering days and hot nights still on the horizon, why would I start shopping for fall and winter clothes?   I'm the type of person who will comb through online sales looking for summery dresses, swimsuits, bike shorts, and other things than I can wear until the last second of the season. I don't care when summer technically ends! As long as it's still hot outside, I have one more reason to buy another puka shell anklet. And then...I saw this pair of jeans from Uniqlo U.  As soon as ELLE.com Market Editor, Justine Carreon, sent me a link this was me... ...running away from my summer wardrobe and straight to Uniqlo to try these on. So what's so great about these particular jeans? First, that high waist. Perfect to handle all the lobster rolls and Aperol spritzes I've had in the past few months and for tucking in tops, my preferred style. Second, the thick, 100 percent cotton denim will wear well wash after wash. And last but not certainly not least, the wide leg silhouette, tapered just-so, is made for ankle boots and for wearing an extra layer of Uniqlo heat tech when the weather turns frigid. Oh and one more thing: the price. At $39.90 I can buy two pairs. Fall shopping, let's go. 
 Working moms-to-be are superheroes, and they deserve a kickass wardrobe to match. Finding cute maternity clothes is a serious struggle though, especially for your 9-to-5. To solve this fashion dilemma, J.Crew and HATCH announced that they've teamed up and created a pregnancy-friendly workwear collection. The collab, which is available to shop right now, features everything from neutral-colored blazer/trouser sets to floral print dresses that don't drown you, or your bump, in fabric. J.Crew even redesigned its best-selling office-approved pieces like the "Résumé" dress to carry you through all three trimesters. Prices for the collection range from $59.50 to $298, with all styles available online at J.Crew.com and HatchCollection.com. Many of the pieces (like the knit dresses) are even good for off-duty fall activities. And for the ultimate icing on the cake: Meghan Markle has worn both J.Crew and HATCH pieces before. Therefore, by extension, this collaboration is kind of royal-approved. The Duchess may even want to take some design notes for her own prospective workwear line. 
 For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for theMarie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 
From: Marie Claire US

 When buying a gift for your husband, it's understandable that "thoughtful" ranks high on your list of qualities you'd like out of the present. But 'thoughtful' can mean different things to different people. For the lovingly-practical guy, it could be a set of no-nonsense tools. If he's a film aficionado, he'll love socks that prove his superior knowledge of the craft. And for others, it could be a kinky new toy. Hey, we don't judge! Whatever his fancy may be, shop this guide to the best gifts for husbands.  This cashmere is so soft, you won't be able to keep your hands off of him.   He likes his socks like he likes his movies: in your face.  The shape of these sunglasses are more universally flattering than Ray-Ban's iconic aviators.  These noise-cancelling headphones will give him a much-deserved chance to zone out.  Your husband will be eternally grateful if you're able to score these soon-to-be released Nike kicks.  Men in puffer vests is the definition of Hot Guy Fall.  IWC Schaffhausen mrporter.com $5,950 SHOP NOW He doesn't enjoy the finer things in life, he prefers the finest.  Use this gift as a not-so-subtle suggestion that you two should go on a vacation.   Shaving should be a luxurious experience.  Let him steer the wheel with this remote control-operated vibrator.  He'll never lower his coffee standards again.  This growler will let him bring his home brew to your next party. A romantic camping trip is just what you both need.  Boys and their toys.  You're so ready to watch American Horror Story: 1984 together.  This waterproof backpack is also made of 100 percent recycled materials.  Who needs a night out when your husband is the best chef in town? 
 Looking for an excuse to buy yourself new lingerie? Ahead of Rihanna's annual Diamond Ball, which benefits her Clara Lionel Foundation, Savage x Fenty released a special CLF collection, with all proceeds donated to support the organization's mission work.  For the CLF collection, Savage x Fenty takes a step back from its usual colorful, printed designs and puts together an all-black collection made up of a slip dress and a cami and panty set, all with a scalloped lace trim and the CLF logo on the hem.  "You can do good and look good when you buy this Xclusive sleepwear set," Rihanna said in a press release. "It’s comfortable enough to wear to bed and you will sleep well knowing you have given back and made a difference."   Rihanna launched the Clara Lionel Foundation in 2012, in honor of her grandparents, Clara and Lionel Braithwaite. Since its inception, the foundation has raised funds for "groundbreaking and effective education and emergency response programs around the world," according to its website. The Clara Lionel 2018 Diamond Ball raised nearly $6 million to fund the organization's programs.  The Savage x Fenty CLF collection prices range from $20 to $46 and is available to shop now at savagex.com/clf.
 Before skinny jeans ever existed, there was a brief period of time where everyone wore the same denim style: bootcut jeans. Remember them? The softly flared jean that ruled two separate decades? First they appeared in the '70s as the less aggressive bell bottom, but its main moment appeared in the 2000s. The bootcut jean garnered a bad rap for being associated with trucker hats and Von Dutch, but was still favored by celeb A-listers like Beyoncé and Britney Spears. Eventually, though, the style faded away.  
  As with most throwback denim trends (like mom jeans), bootcut jeans are back. The style's been making a slow comeback this year, thanks in part to Michael Kors' Fall '19 runway and brands like Re/Done producing vintage-inspired looks (recently worn by Bella Hadid), but it wasn't until we saw Everlane's new launch that we became convinced that the bootcut is about to go mainstream (again). The San Francisco-based brand premiered their new jean today, and it's making us question why we stopped wearing the style to begin with. The subtle flare is super flattering, giving the appearance of longer gams, which we always welcome. Thankfully, unlike the early aughts' super-low rises, Everlane went with a cheeky high rise. It comes in three different colors—including a dark wash with a contrast denim insert that reminds us of OG hippie jeans.   Like the rest of Everlane's denim collection, this style is made in their hyper-sustainable, socially conscious factory. With these $85 jeans, you can look great while reducing your carbon footprint. What's not to love? 
 Calvin Klein's newest #MyCalvins campaign is really hot. Like, Naomi Campbell, Bella Hadid, Odell Beckham Jr., hot. Yes, the campaign features fire photos of said hot people posing in their CK intimates, but also features "stripped back" versions of the celebs, raising the questions: "How do you do sexy? Perfectly filtered or IRL raw?" Photographed by Daniel Jackson—with an accompanying video directed by Bardia Zeinali—the #MyCalvins IRL campaign "brings to life the playful and pure perspective of sexy; one that encourages self-expression and underscores the idea that sexy is a state of mind," explains the brand in its notes. The ad shows side-by-side photos of the CK models in two poses that showcase how "sexy" differs in their public and personal lives—one serious photo in black-and-white next to a more playful, fun photo—dressed in the brand's new women's and men's Neon and 1981 Bold designs.  The accompanying video follows the same format: it starts off with the celebs in a black-and-white room before the camera pans out to to get up close and personal with the celebs in a bedroom. Diplo turns on his webcam and poses on the bed, Euphoria bad boy Jacob Elordi snaps a few mirror photos in a foggy locker room and Bella Hadid is seen lounging around in a random hallway.  The new CK campaign marks the first #MyCalvins campaign for Campbell, Beckham, DJ and producer Diplo, Elordi, musicians Beth Ditto and Lay Zhang, and model Matthew Noszka. 
 Late last week, after news broke that Stephen Ross, billionaire chairman of The Related Companies, would be throwing a fundraiser to help fund the re-election of President Donald Trump, much of the internet, for lack of a better term, snapped.  When it was revealed that The Related Companies owned Equinox, Soul Cycle, and a host of other properties, people immediately called for boycotts of the brands. And upon learning that Ross and Related were behind New York City's Hudson Yards, a new $25 billion project where many fashion shows are rumored to be taking place this upcoming New York Fashion Week season, the notoriously liberal fashion industry got involved. In a series of tweets, Gurung, who had been in talks to stage his 10th Anniversary show at Hudson Yards’ The Vessel during New York Fashion Week, wrote: "This is no longer about party lines, especially now with all the mass murders at the hands of domestic terrorists and white supremacists. Rather, this is a choice that one needs to make now. This is about choosing between two sides, the right or the wrong sides of the history. I am not calling this out to be part of the cancel culture or start some tirade against people, but rather to question these individuals whose motivation seems to be nothing but $$ and to also challenge our own integrity and choices that we make everyday. My goal here is to start a dialogue and maybe, hopefully, change some minds.I was previously in conversation with Hudson Yards’ The Vessel as the venue for my brand’s upcoming 10 year show during NYFW. When I heard about this fundraiser, I chose to pull my participation."  In a Business of Fashion op-ed written by Out magazine's Phill Picardi, Picardi wrote that Ross' wife, Kara Ross, is currently a member of the Council of Fashion Designers of America. Late Friday night, Fallon jewelry designer Dana Lorenz withdrew her membership from the CFDA.  In a post on Instagram, Lorenz wrote, "I regretfully, but with great certainty, cancel my membership to the Council of Fashion Designers of America. After many years of membership I will no longer participate if a woman that funds the current administration remains on the board."     Dear Mr. Ford, Mr. Kolb, members and board of the CFDA,  Effective immediately, I regretfully but with great certainty, cancel my membership to the Council of Fashion Designers of America.  After many years of membership I will no longer participate if a woman that funds the current administration remains on the board.  I will no longer be a part of what seems to be allowing a pay for play, money over merit arrangement with someone that clearly wants to advance an agenda that is hurting many businesses large and small with this trade war. I do not feel her views speak for me as a member and I will not allow her to make decisions on my behalf. I thought about this decision well, and although I appreciated support in the beginnings of my career, I no longer feel the membership represents me. I will fondly remember hearing I was nominated for a CFDA Award, I will gratefully remember my time as a CFDA/VOGUE Fashion Fund nominee, and I will always be thankful for your ear, Steven.  However, after emailing you about concerns as to the board seat of Mrs. Ross I was met with a response that felt very much like the pacifying public statements from SoulCycle and Equinox.  I was told “not our problem” and to focus my energies elsewhere.  So I will.  The annual membership dues and future high priced tickets to awards will be spent fighting what this administration is destroying, specifically equal rights and climate change. Yesterday, while Mrs. Ross was putting finishing touches on her fundraiser, I was making sure my sobbing housekeeper had her entire family’s documents in order, a woman with 3 years citizenship living in fear. It is not enough to post rainbows on your Instagram feed. Do something.  As a side note, the Fashion Fund is irrelevant unless it is entirely made up of sustainable designers.  FALLON JEWELRY A post shared by  FALLON JEWELRY® (@fallonjewelry) on Aug 9, 2019 at 10:47am PDT  Who will be next? With New York Fashion Week set to start on September 5, all eyes will be on how the industry moves forward in light of this news.   Update Aug 14, 2019: Rag & Bone has announced it will no longer show at The Shed at Hudson Yards during New York Fashion Week, a source tells WWD.  A new show location for the brand has yet to be announced.
 The Teen Choice Awards are tonight in California's Hermosa Beach, and already, young Hollywood is showing up in statement fashion as the show's red carpet begins. From KJ Apa's light blue suit to Lucy Hale's red mini dress, here's a look at all the award show style as the stars arrive at the ceremony. Nominees tonight include Taylor Swift (who's receiving the first-ever Icon award and has seven other nominations), Ariana Grande and Billie Eilish (both Choice Female Artist nominees), Jonas Brothers (Choice Music Group nominee, although they are not likely to be there as they are playing Atlanta tomorrow on their Happiness Begins tour), BTS (Choice International Artist nominee and Choice Collaboration nominee for their song with Halsey, "Boy With Luv"), Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper (Choice Collaboration nominees for "The Shallow"), Brie Larson (Choice Action Movie Actress nominee), Noah Centineo (Choice Drama Movie Actor nominee for To All the Boys I've Loved Before) and Lana Condor (Choice Drama Movie Actress nominee for To All the Boys I've Loved Before) among many others. You can see the full list of nominees here. The Teen Choice Award Show will begin at 8 P.M. on Fox. Chloe in Jonathan Simkhai chain jacquard cutout jumpsuit and Halle in chain jacquard cutout bodysuit and Zimmermann pants. In a yellow checkered top with green shorts by Jacquemus and Le Silla white high heels with BaubleBar jewelry. In a rainbow bodysuit, shorts, and blazer by Versace. In a black asymmetrical gown. In a light blue blazer and pants by Chanel with Adina’s Jewels rings. In a black floral dress. In a white crop top and glittery grey mini skirt. In a black halter high-low dress with August & June rings. In a plaid top with ripped jeans and white sneakers. In a red mini dress and Swarovski rings and earrings. In a pink scallop two-piece by Teresa Helbig with Loriblu shoes. In a tiger-striped two-piece. In a light blue suit with a white top and white sneakers.  Each in a long-sleeve button-up with pants. Nikki in a cream metallic two-piece with Ruthie Davis heels and Brie in a lilac mini dress.  In a white suit jacket and pants with a black t-shirt. In an open neon green top and culottes. In a pink floral mini dress by RaisaVanessa, Swarovski rings, and Ruthie Davis shoes. In a pink blazer, pink shorts, and a white crop top with August & June jewelry.
 It might be a Hot Girl Summer™, but that doesn’t mean we aren’t planning on Staying Inside This Summer. The beach is nice, but have you ever blasted your AC and watched the entire season of Euphoria in one sitting? That is true luxury. The next time the temperature is too hot to handle, we suggest hibernating in your favorite hoodie, sweatpants, and the comfiest slippers. The latter is key to reaching peak coziness, so we rounded up the best shearling slides, travel flats, and more cute styles that make staying in easy. Hands down, Ugg makes the best slippers. They're super comfy and last a lifetime.  There aren't enough opportunities to wear stuffed animals on your feet. Pack these with a matching toiletry bag for your next getaway.   If your home aesthetic includes cool-tone grays and waffle-knit bath towels, these slippers are for you.  Yes, Gucci slippers exist.  This ballet flat might be nicer than the shoes you wear to work.  Memory foam isn't just for fancy mattresses. These slippers will make you feel like you're walking on a cloud.   The fluffier the slipper, the better.  Wear this delicately embroidered slipper with a dreamy nightgown.  Live in luxury with 100 percent cashmere slippers.  Leopard loungewear is a must.  These thongs are like the slippers you get at a fancy spa, but better. 
 The runways have spoken, and the '90s are back. So are the '80s. And the '70s. There are also a couple fashion trends that can't be traced back to any particular decade, but are covetable nonetheless. Confusing, I know, but designers like Chanel, Gucci, and more declared everything from power shoulders to micro-micro bags a thing, and we're convinced we need it all. We also tapped Nordstrom's creative director Ruth Basloe to help weigh in on her favorite styles, with shopping tips on how to get the look now.  See which designers made the cut in ELLE.com's Fall 2019 trend guide, here.  "A small, structured style in a new shape is the statement bag of the season," said Basloe. "We recommend combining two handbag trends by choosing snake print or croc-embossed leather, which are also big." If you wanna go even smaller, the next "big" bag trend is teeny. Meet The Bitty Bag. TBB is an impractical accessory that holds approximately one Airpod, but the absurdity is part of the charm. Jacquemus created a meme sensation, but designers like Salvatore Ferragamo, Chloé and more can provide a little inspiration.  
  2018 was all about Millennial pink, but everything is coming up purple this fall. As seen at Rodarte and Tom Ford, the orchid hue is all the rage. You can opt for an all-over color ("We loved the head-to-toe, monochromatic looks at Balenciaga and Jacquemus," Basloe said), or you can easily work in a touch of lavender with your accessories.  
  One of the strongest outerwear silhouettes to come out of the Fall 2019 collections was the cape. Chanel gave the capelet the tweed treatment, Marc Jacobs showed one in Leopard, and Hedi Slimane's second collection for Celine made the best in basic. The many variations prove the heroic cut works for every occasion. 
  Instead of feathers and fur weighing you down, designers are giving the texture a lighter touch. Valentino delicately edged their dresses in a wispy trim, and Proenza Schouler showed a feather-backed top that looked as if it would blow away with a soft breeze. We're especially fond of Prada's collection of feathered goods, including a pair of boyfriend jeans trimmed in ostrich that will amp up a basic white tee.  
  Designers seemed to mind meld around suit styling: it's all about the belt. Blazers came with built-in cinchers at Prada, and Marni contrasted gray suits with heavy chains. Follow their lead and nip the waist on all your suits, oversized and otherwise. The best part about this trend is that you don't need to invest in the jacket—simply buy a cute new belt and style it accordingly.    Break out your steamer, because satin is back in a big way. Versace brought back their '90s satin dresses, updating them in neon hues with contrasting lace edges. Christopher Kane, Off-White and Brandon Maxwell also got on the satin trend with bright evening wear that is more than your average slip. The silky look makes sense for formal events, but make it work for an average day at the office with a button-down shirt. 
  If you're on the fence about off-the-shoulder silhouettes, this asymmetric neckline is a nice compromise. Carolina Hererra's slouchy, lopsided shoulder is effortlessly put-together; an "I just threw it on" vibe.  
  Get your giant turkey legs out, because the Renaissance has come to the runway. Vaquera presented square necklines so good you'll climb down a balcony like your name is Juliet Capulet. It's not too literal, though. Y/Project reinterpreted period dressing using a similar cut, but updated it with a body-skimming silhouette covered in a modern print.   After looking at all the fall 2019 collections my coats started to feel so...short. Tory Burch, Max Mara and others presented longline coats that will provide extra warmth this winter. These longline coats aren't your typical lightweight dusters either. Instead, find them super structured and made of heavy wool. Basloe agrees, noting that fall is all about the statement coat. "A coat with some kind of drama is a must-have for fall," she said, suggesting a bright yellow puffer that skims your ankles.  
  Designers must be bored of beanies, because they presented all kinds of wacky toppers for fall. The standout style belongs to Maria Grazia Chiuri's bucket hats at Christian Dior, sure to be a street style staple. Get ahead of the trend now with our current obsession, Burberry's heritage plaid bucket hat. 
  Quilted patchwork was all over the runways, seen below at Louis Vuitton and Oscar de la Renta. It's a '70s trend that could have gone very wrong in the redux, but luckily. these looks are thoroughly modern. Take Tory Burch's must-have boots, which look thrifted in the best way possible.   Last year belonged to the puffer, but 2019 is all about a different kind of performance fabric: fleece. We saw the trend start with Sandy Liang's Insta-favorite jacket, but designers like Fendi are ramping up the luxury, reworking the outdoorsy staple in leather. Of course, Patagonia remains the (very affordable) OG, but don't sleep on the latest reincarnations of this campy style.  
  We spotted a ton of uniform inspiration on the fall runways: polo shirts, sweater vests, and three-piece sets. Thom Browne made an empire reworking schoolboy suits, and Victoria Beckham and Lacoste are taking notes. Specifically, designers are mad for plaid. "Checks and plaids will be everywhere this season," Basloe noted. "There were so many exciting ways designers reinvented these classic patterns for fall, from brightly colored tartan at Marine Serre to Chanel’s graphic black and white houndstooth, and more." 
  I wear gold jewelry daily, but the runways served up full looks dipped in 24k. Brock Collection's gilded gown will stand out at a black tie event, but take direction from Altuzarra for an everyday look, who justifies a casual shine with metallic knits.   The '80s is a difficult decade to pull off (I'm convinced acid wash will never make a full comeback), but power shoulders are back. All the major fashion players like Saint Laurent and Balenciaga are advocating for the a wide-shouldered, slim-waist silhouette. They make me want to ask for some kind of Business Woman Special. 
 
 Get up to 40 percent off that cute leopard-print dress you've been eyeing.  Sound the alarm: Reformation's annual sale is happening right now, and there are tons of styles up to 40 percent off. That means you can score major discounts on their signature wrap dresses, vintage-inspired jeans, and leopard-print everything. They are also offering a ton of discounted swimwear, which is a perfect excuse to buy another bikini before summer ends. Shop our picks now before that gingham dress you've been eyeing sells out. You know it will.  Original Price: $218  You can never have too many floral wrap dresses, right?  Original Price: $218 This super breezy one looks even cuter with some white mules.  Original Price: $48 You'll never have to tuck in a shirt again thanks to this black ribbed bodysuit. It's functional, and the square neckline gives it a retro feel.  Original Price: $218 Two pieces for the price of one! This matching set makes picking your outfit in the morning so much easier.  Original Price: $248 Pair this red dress with the brand's matching strappy heels for a monochromatic look. Original Price: $218 A leopard print bustier dress with ruffle details on the neckline makes for a killer date night outfit. Original Price: $218  Big sleeves are trending! Get in on the trend with this striped mini.  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Getting dressed during the month of August can suck. At this point, you probably hate you entire summer wardrobe, have run out of all ideas to create looks that can work outside and in air conditioned rooms, and literally can't bring yourself to try any longer. Thankfully, Copenhagen Fashion Week has just kicked off and the show-goers have brought their A-games providing endless inspiration for your end of Summer into early Fall looks. Click through for the best of what we've seen so far.
 Long sleeves, heavier fabrics, jewel tones, and more.  If you have to attend a wedding in the Fall, consider it a blessing. The season gives you the perfect weather to wear whatever you want saving you from having to make yet another annoying decision. Embrace longer sleeves without the fear of sweating through silk, wear a silk slip dress with a sleek layer, even better try a lush velvet, moody florals, or autumnal jewel tones.  Shop 13 cute wedding guest dresses that fit your mood (and budget), here.  This dress comes in nine different colors, but midnight blue is perfect for fall.  A floral print for with a black backdrop is more appropriate for the season.  Don't forget to also buy a poofy crinoline skirt to give this dress some volume.  This vampy dress will turn heads (but still let the bride have all her glory).  Wearing heavy sequins during the Summer is rarely a good idea, but that makes this orange-toned dress ideal for Fall.   Paisley print is underrated.  Wear this to the wedding, then reuse it for the office.  A sneaky cutout adds sex appeal to this otherwise modest dress.  A thick, jacquard dress is a great fabric choice for fall.  Add a white faux fur on top of this party dress for an ultra-glam look.  This might look like your average floral dress, but its thigh-high slit suggests otherwise.  Elevate this dress with sparkly accessories.  Zimmermann makes great wedding guest dresses, but we're a big fan of this mismatched floral one.  
 Square up.     It's hip to be square this season, because every designer is cashing in on this shape of shoe. We've seen versions of this '90s style over the years, but the newest versions are somehow...  square-ier? Leading the pack is Bottega Veneta under the new creative vision of Daniel Lee. His first collection of accessories is an Influencer's dream that's all over our feed. Not only is "New Bottega's" pouch clutch a hot commodity and a future classic, their razor sharp shoes are quickly amassing a cult-following. If you can't get your hands on our favorite style—a mesh pump with an attached gold anklet that's selling out everywhere—brands high and low are also participating in the trend. There's Topshop's affordable sandal, a heeled thong from indie accessories brand Neous, and a Balenciaga boot so sharp it might cut someone. Square up to the hottest shoe of the year. 
 Chose your fighter: Amazon's Personal Shopper by Prime Wardrobe service or The Drop, a collection curated by your favorite influencers? Well, it may just have to be both because today, August 6, Amazon is releasing its newest collection for The Drop curated by The Fashion Guitar blogger herself, Charlotte Groeneveld. Groeneveld, known for her effortless style that typically consists of simple, comfortable pieces paired with statement accessories or shoes, put together a 14-piece collection that includes styles that were seemingly inspired by this year's prairie/victorian trend, including a mint green puff-sleeve floor-length gown Groeneveld calls the "hero" of her collection and a white, high-neck bib mini dress that features a ruffle hem.  It's not all romantic dresses and blouses, though. Groeneveld's collection also features bubble gum pink cycling shorts, loose chambray shorts, pink wide-leg trousers, and more.  “The collection is an extension of my own wardrobe, but filling the gaps with pieces I felt were still missing,” Charlotte told People. “It’s inspired by today’s street style rather than runway collections. It brings together everything I love seeing on women around me.” The entire collection is live now, but only for 30 hours. Shop the full range at amazon.com/TheDrop, download the Amazon App on your mobile, or shop some of our favorite pieces. 
 The Model Alliance made a big statement to Victoria's Secret today, publishing an open letter imploring the company to take an active stand in protecting models from exploitation and abuse. In a letter addressed to the company's CEO John Mehas and co-signed by Time's Up and dozens of models, the organization wrote: RESPECT is the Model Alliance's anti-sexual harassment program created for model, by models. "Signatory companies make a binding commitment to require their employees, agents, vendors, photographers and other contractors to follow a code of conduct that protects everyone’s safety on the job, and reduces models’ vulnerability to mistreatment," the Model Alliance wrote in its letter.  "Models have access to an independent, confidential complaint mechanism, with swift and fair resolution of complaints and appropriate consequences for abusers," it continued. "Further, RESPECT includes a robust training program aimed toward prevention, to ensure that everyone understands their rights and responsibilities. We are calling on Victoria’s Secret to take meaningful action to protect its talent and those who aspire to work with the company. Victoria’s Secret has the opportunity to be a leader, to use its power and influence to bring about the changes that are urgently needed in our industry." A Victoria's Secret spokesperson told ELLE.com that "we are always concerned about the welfare of our models and want to continue to have dialogue with the Model Alliance and others to accomplish meaningful progress in the industry." You can read the full open letter here.
 Luxury retailer Barneys has filed for bankruptcy.  "Trends come and go, but institutions are timeless," the brand wrote on its social channels following the news. According to Bloomberg, Barneys filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after getting hit with high rent and fewer visitors purchasing from the luxury boutiques. Luckily, Chapter 11 filings allow businesses to remain open as they devise a plan to tackle financial issues.  Still, Barneys is downsizing and has decided to shutter a bunch of its stores, including locations in Chicago, Las Vegas and Seattle as well as five smaller concept shops and seven of its Barneys Warehouse stores. Barneys will keep its flagship shops in New York (Madison Avenue and Downtown New York City), California (Beverly Hills and San Francisco), and one in Boston (Copley Place), in addition to its Warehouse spaces in Woodbury Commons (NY) and Livermore (CA).   Trends come and go, but institutions are timeless. A post shared by  Barneys New York (@barneysny) on Aug 6, 2019 at 6:18am PDT “Like many in our industry, Barneys New York’s financial position has been dramatically impacted by the challenging retail environment and rent structures that are excessively high relative to market demand,” Daniella Vitale, chief executive officer at Barneys, said in a statement Tuesday, adding that the move "provides the quickest and most efficient means of maximizing value while ensuring we continue serving both new and loyal customers." Barneys did, however, secure "$75 million in new capital to facilitate a going concern sale process," so not all hope is lost.  
 Victoria's Secret chief marketing officer Ed Razek has retired, according to a note sent to employees by Leslie H. Wexner, the company’s chief executive. The news was confirmed by the New York Times. Razek has been key in choosing which models appear in the Victoria's Secret show for the past 15 years, launching the careers of high-profile names including Tyra Banks and Gisele. He is a controversial figure, who was largely responsible for the airbrushed, homogenized view of femininity associated with the lingerie label.  In 2018, the 71-year-old attracted headlines after he said that he would never cast a transgender model in the show. He also insisted the public has "no interest" in the inclusion of plus-size models. Interestingly, news of his departure comes a day after transgender model Valentina Sampaio shot her first campaign for the brand.   "Shouldn’t you have transsexuals in the show? No. No, I don't think we should," he told Vogue.com. "Well, why not? Because the show is a fantasy."  Victoria's Secret has struggled to rebrand itself in a modern era, where body inclusivity and diversity are celebrated. Model Shanina Shaik revealed earlier this month that the show would not go ahead this year as organizers attempt "to work on branding and new ways to do the show." The 2018 Victoria's Secret show was watched by fewer people than ever before when it aired on Sunday, December 2. The catwalk event, which starred the Hadid sisters as well as Kendall Jenner, attracted a record low of only 3.3 million viewers, compared to five million in 2017.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 From Cher and Diana Ross to Farrah Fawcett and Bianca Jagger, the women who ruled the '70s had some of the best style ever. A bit of hippie fashion sense carried over from 1960s counter culture (tie dye shirts, frayed bell bottoms, and peasant blouses,) but '70s fashion eventually evolved and diverged into drastically different sartorial paths that we still imitate today. Glamorous show costumes! An introduction to punk! Sexy suiting! What's not to love about the decade? Click through for inspiring, vintage photos, you'll want to pin, post, save and share ASAP.  A trouser suit by Yves Saint Laurent from February 1970. Headshot of American fashion model Pat Evans wearing oversized hoops.  Christian Dior presents his 'Diorling' collection on January 14, 1970.  The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour featuring a performance by Dionne Warwick in 1970.  Harlequin-style trousers from  March 1970.  Pop singer Shirley Bassey faces the press on the roof at the Dorchester Hotel in 1970.  Ali McGraw wearing a bohemian maxi dress and lace-up sandals on June 5, 1970.  Mick and Bianca Jagger at their wedding at the Church of St. Anne in St Tropez on May 12, 1971. Fashion models in brightly colored sports coats with matching hats and slacks, from Guy Laroche's Winter and Autumn collections (1971-1972.) Portrait of Italian actress and model Daniela Bianchi wearing a long, printed dress in 1971. Pam Grier poses for a photo circa 1972 in Los Angeles, California.  Activist, journalist and leader of the feminist movement Gloria Steinem attending a fundraiser and rally for California State Senate candidate Catherine O'Neill (in checked dress) on October 15, 1972 in Los Angeles, California. Motown trio The Supremes performing on The Sonny And Cher Comedy Hour on September 22, 1972. From left to right: Diana Ross, Mary Wilson and Lynda Laurence.  American singer and showgirl Lola Falana standing on the stage of the TV show Hai visto mai? in Italy, 1973.  The Shirelles performing on Midnight Special in 1973.  Bianca Jagger and Mick Jagger on November 20, 1974.  Diana Ross poses for a portrait session on July 16, 1975 in Los Angeles. California  Cher, fashion designer Bob Mackie, and Cher's friend Paulette Betts attend The Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute Gala Exhibition 'Romantic and Glamorous Hollywood Design' on November 20, 1974.  Lauren Hutton at the 47th Academy Awards at Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles, California in 1975.  Princess Margaret on October 11, 1976.  Diana Ross at the second annual Rock Music Awards on September 18, 1976. Farrah Fawcett wearing Nike Cortez sneakers in episode of Charlie's Angels from 1976.  An episode of Charlie's Angels in 1977 featuring Farrah Fawcett wearing a plaid blazer and flared jeans.  Diana Ross poses for a Motown publicity still circa 1977. An editorial image of model Iman in 1977.  Cher poses wearing a Bob Mackie creation on April 9, 1978 in Los Angeles, California. Disco star and model Grace Jones in 1977. Cher poses for a wearing a Bob Mackie creation on April 9, 1978 in Los Angeles, California. Grace Jones wearing a tiger-printed outfit at the Park West in Chicago, Illinois on October 14, 1978. Cher poses for an album cover session for Prisoner in June 1979 in Los Angeles, California. 
 Dôen is setting up shop in Los Angeles.  The LA-based brand—that's gained a cult following online for its romantic, vintage flowy dresses and blouses (and equally feminine and vintage Instagram aesthetic)—is marking it's territory with their first brick-and-mortar shop, opening today, August 5. According to WWD,  Dôen is opening up a 900-square-foot space at the Brentwood Country Mart that will sell the brand's women's and children's offerings, including its fan-favorite dress styles, knits, denim, accessories, and more.  "We want the customer to be touched on all levels and senses upon entering the store. From the scent we burn and warm lighting to the comfortable rugs and kid corner (with toys for the little ones!), we want it to feel comfortable and easy while shopping,” founders and sisters Margaret and Katherine Kleveland told WWD. “Every piece is unique and inspired us in some way. We hope to evoke the feeling when you stumble upon a hidden gem in a small alleyway outside of Paris, from the hand-painted walls to the special wrapping paper.” To bring their vision to life, the duo enlisted LA studio Nickey Kehoe—founded by Todd Nickey and Amy Kehoe—to design the store's interior. The sisters posted a preview of the new spot on Instagram, which looks as dreamy and ethereal as their collections.    Little details coming together in the shop 🕊In love with every corner - all designed by @nickeykehoe ♥️ Can’t wait to open our doors on Monday! / #doencollective A post shared by  D Ô E N (@shopdoen) on Aug 3, 2019 at 4:05pm PDT 
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Who: Cate Blanchett  When: August 12, 2019 Wearing: Alexander McQueen Why: We are blessed this week with Cate Blanchett's style on her media blitz promoting her new film Where'd You Go Bernadette. Our favorite of the bunch is this suit with statement shoulders reminiscent of a Georgia O'Keefe painting. This stroke of artistic genius wins her best dressed of the week.  Who: Joan Smalls  When: August 09, 2019 Wearing: David Koma Why: Exposed corsets on a white dress can be a divisive subject (see: any episode of Say Yes to the Dress), but everyone can agree that it looks damn good on Joan Smalls. She wore this look to the Unicef Summer Gala presented by Luisaviaroma in Porto Cervo, Italy. Who: Gabrielle Union  When: August 11, 2019 Wearing: David Koma Why: Gabrielle Union was the woman of many faces behind the scenes at the Teen Choice Awards, literally, and we can't get over this floor-sweeping robe dress. How often do you see six-inch sequined fringe?  Who: Janet Mock  When: August 10, 2019 Wearing: Peter Pilotto  Why: Janet Mock consistently goes glam on the red carpet, but her look at the Imagen Awards in Beverly Hills, California is a standout moment. Behold the MBD (Major Black Dress). Who: Zendaya  When: August 11, 2019 Wearing: Jacquemus Why: Leather short shorts are not your typical summer staple, but Zendaya made them work in pistachio green. She paired the on-trend color with a sunny plaid shirt at the Teen Choice Awards in Hermosa Beach, CA. It's pretty much a Beach Boys song in an outfit. Who: Patricia Clarkson  When: August 13, 2019  Wearing: Michael Kors Collection Why: Why choose between strapless or long sleeves when you can have both? That's exactly  what Patricia Clarkson did at InStyle's Badass Women Dinner in West Hollywood California, styled with chic black accessories.  Who: Mj Rodriguez When:  July 27, 2019  Wearing: Erdem Why: A royal Erdem dress is just what Mother, I mean MJ Rodriguez of Pose, deserves. But instead of wearing this regal gown to the ballroom, she wore it to the NALIP 2019 Latino Media Awards in Hollywood, California. Her look is fit for royalty, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Margot Robbie When: July 30, 2019  Wearing: Oscar de la Renta Why: Margot Robbie has been making a style killing during her press tour of Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood, and the premiere in London, England is no different. Once again she references the '70s with this beautifully draped look.  Who: Kerry Washington  When: July 31, 2019 Wearing: Elie Saab Why: Speaking of the '70s, Kerry Washington also channeled our favorite style decade, but with a disco twist. She wore a Studio 54-inspired look to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association's Annual Grants Banquet.  Who: Amanda Seyfried  When: August 01, 2019  Wearing: Oscar de la Renta Why: Seen at the The Art Of Racing In The Rain premiere in Los Angeles, California was an actual ray of sunshine, aka Amanda Seyfried. Her playful, yellow dress instantly puts a smile on your face.  Who: Beanie Feldstein  When: July 31, 2019 Wearing: Markarian dress, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, Simone Rocha barette Why: We're getting major princess vibes from Beanie Feldstein at the Hollywood Foreign Press Association's Annual Grants Banquet. From her bubblegum dress to a bedazzled hair clip, her look is perfectly executed.  Who: Gabrielle Union  When: July 27, 2019 Wearing: SemSem  Why: Tie dye is everywhere this season, but we're happy to report that Gabrielle Union made the psychedelic print formal. She styled her statement look with neon accessories at the HollyRod Foundation's 21st Annual DesignCare Gala in Malibu, California. 
 There's no reason to stop wearing white just because Labor Day passes, which happens on September 2nd this year. Nothing, especially an outdated rule, should hinder you from rotating the crisp color into your wardrobe year-round. How could you possibly stop, when it's literally the easiest shade to wear? It looks great with denim, is the perfect foundation for a bold print, and makes monochrome dressing easy. Inspired by some of our favorite Instagrammers, here are 15 inspirational outfits that show you how to wear white no matter the season.   All white.. 🕊 A post shared by  Annemiek Kessels (@modedamour) on Jun 23, 2019 at 7:02am PDT Crisp summer whites go great with cognac accessories. If wearing pants during a heatwave, make sure you opt for breathable materials like cotton and linen.   I C U 👀💋 . . . #topfashiontrends#fashionista#whiteboots#animalprint#frenchblogger#frenchinfluencer#blackblogger#fashionlooks#streetchic#fashionlooks#outfitideas4you#outfitlook#outfitpic#fashionzine#streetstylelook#topfashion#chunkyknits#londonfashionweek#zebraprint A post shared by  Ellie (@slipintostyle) on Feb 23, 2019 at 9:01am PST Use a full white skirt as a foundation for wild colors and prints.   #dovepartner I have had so many moments in my professional career where I felt my hair wasn’t good enough. I would plan how I wanted to do my hair based on what I had going on for work. If I have events or meetings I “needed” a blowout. In summer I would never get braids because I didn’t want to be seen as unprofessional or that I had “vacation hair” or worse, someone inquisitively touching my hair. I’m not alone in this because 85% of Black women feel that they need to chair the hair that grows naturally from their head to appear more professional. HERES HOW YOU CAN HELP! On July 3rd California passed #thecrownact, sponsored by @Dove, which outlaws race-based hair discrimination in the workplace or at school. Yes, children go to school and come home with their heads shaved in 2019! California leads the pack but we need every state on board. Go to www.TheCrownAct.com and sign the petition. Leave a comment once you’re done so I can thank you personally 💋 A post shared by  Kellie Brown (@itsmekellieb) on Jul 12, 2019 at 10:30am PDT A white sundress and fresh sneakers is the ultimate summer combo.   [ad] One thing you can rely on during a British summer - the @ukgap white collection. #gapsummer #MeetMeInTheGap A post shared by  Brittany Bathgate (@brittanybathgate) on May 18, 2019 at 8:54am PDT Elevate a pair of white overalls over a button down shirt and heeled mules.   Blending in 🦢 A post shared by  Jordan Santos (@jordanrisa) on Mar 4, 2019 at 8:26am PST Break up an all white outfit with a chain belt.   Beautiful @hoskelsa serving total white eleganza with her Pouch in mist color ✨ #DanielLee #BottegaVeneta #NewBottega A post shared by  BOTTEGA VENETA by Daniel Lee (@newbottega) on Jul 17, 2019 at 5:00am PDT A formal blazer and slinky trousers gets dressed down with chic flip flops.   what would u guys wear this to?? i'd wear this to go running suit from @nastygal use code ‘ALYSSA55’ for 55% off everything excluding sale 💕 A post shared by  alyssa (@alvssa_) on Jul 30, 2019 at 3:09am PDT If you want a suited look with more edge, style it with a crop top, a bucket hat, and sneakers.  Last week I attended the @vh1 Trailblazer Honors at the Cathedral of St Paul the Divine, a church that has hosted anti-war and civil rights meetings in the 60s and known for welcoming members of the LBGTQ community. _____________________ I’m so honored to have been part of such a beautiful night celebrating heroes and game changers. I got to hear the parents of Trayvon Martin deliver such a powerful speech (for a  sneak peak -> link in bio) Don’t miss this moving celebration, #TrailblazerHonors on @VH1 Thursday(today) at 9:30 est/8:30c #mamacax [Image Description: me standing in front of a church with a short champagne colored dress and light pink boots] 📷: @gwm26  ________________________________________________ A post shared by  Mama Cāx 🇭🇹 (@mamacaxx) on Jun 28, 2018 at 3:38pm PDT A creamy slip dress is sexy, yet comfy.   HOLDMEHOLDEN. HOLD. ME. A post shared by  DYLANLEX (@dylanlex) on Jul 30, 2019 at 6:26pm PDT Upgrade a basic white button down with layers upon layers upon layers of gold chains.    The Venetian waltz 💃🏻 A post shared by  B E T T I N A  L O O N E Y (@bettinalooney) on Apr 23, 2019 at 7:00am PDT Play with texture like airy marabou feathers for an angelic look.   All white (again) A post shared by  Annemiek Kessels (@modedamour) on Jun 7, 2019 at 8:02am PDT Short suits are all the rage right now. Dress yours down with a cotton tank.   sporty spice 💙 @luciacuesta_ sporting her Victorian. A post shared by  O R S E U N D   I R I S (@orseund_iris) on Jul 28, 2019 at 2:28pm PDT Make those trendy peasant tops work for the streets with an unexpected pair of gym shorts.   👒☀️ A post shared by  shelley mokoena (@shelleymokoena) on Dec 22, 2017 at 1:01am PST Vacation whites are essential. They pair perfectly with all the straw accessories you pick up along your trip.   Purple boot party @katespadeny #loveinspades A post shared by  Jessie Bush (@wethepeoplestyle) on Apr 30, 2019 at 1:44pm PDT Make a white summer dress transition into fall with a pair of knee-high boots.  A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on May 27, 2019 at 4:31am PDT For this outfit, be Rihanna. If that's not an option to you, you can also buy her Fenty RTW collection, which includes this sculptured denim dress. 
 These options get the job done.  When it comes to bras, strapless kinds can be the worst. The digging, the shifting, the utter lack of support—the search for the perfect style can feel hopeless (especially if you’re a D-cup or bigger). But we tapped 14 fashion insiders who swear they’ve found a comfortable and functional strapless bra that doesn’t instantaneously make you want to rip it off. Ahead, shop editor, stylist, influencer, and retail executive-approved picks, including styles for larger chests.   “This La Perla bra is my favorite because it’s like a second skin, looks incredibly chic, and can look super fashionable as a top.” — Sylvia Haghjoo, Influencer  “This is my all-time favorite strapless bra. I have it in both colors and believe it or not, I even wear it with the straps on as a regular bra too — that's how comfy it is. The lace is pretty enough to peek out from underneath a silk slip dress and the bustier style really holds everything in place. It's the one strapless bra I never have to continuously pull up and fidget with.” — Lauren Eggertsen, Fashion Editor, Who What Wear  “One of my favorites is the Natori Truly Smooth Strapless Bra. It’s available in a great size range — from 32B to 36DDD — and is incredibly comfortable and supportive. Whenever you’re choosing a strapless bra, ensuring its comfortable and will stay up are two of the most important features. I love this style because it also has a wider band which provides additional support.” — Lori Marten, Vice President Divisional Merchandise Manager, Nordstrom “I work with a lot of women of color and we are all huge fans of Nubian Skin as we finally have more than one option of 'nude'." — Courtney Madison, Stylist  “If strapless bras don’t fit properly they can be difficult and feel uncomfortable. I love the Chantelle smooth strapless bra because it has nice coverage, offers both a lift and support with molded cups and most importantly stays put with the silicone grip lining. There is nothing more annoying than pulling and tugging at your strapless bra all night because it’s slipping out of place.” — Erica Russo, Vice President and Fashion Director, Bloomingdale’s “I love Harper Wilde for strapless bras. The brand is made by women, for women and the silhouettes don’t dig into your body. You’re left with a seamless, flat surface for clothing.” — Jeanne Grey, Influncer, @thegreylayers The Flex, $40; harperwilde.com “I’ve had issues finding a strapless option that works for my smaller band size, and this option from Calvin Klein was the perfect solution. It offers just a little lift for support but is still super comfortable.” — Yliana Liriano, Macy’s MyStylist “My quest for the best strapless bra has been a long one — not so much because I wear one in my day-to-day life, but because I have to wear one as a model quite often. My favorite is Aerie's Sunnie Strapless because it comes with straps, it has a lot of cup coverage, and for some God-given reason it does not fall down.” — Lauren Chan, Model and Founder of Henning "Third Love's 24/7 Strapless Bra legitimately stays put during a dance party (I'm most often wearing strapless bras to weddings), and is available in half cup sizes so the fit is second to none." — Nicky Deam, Creative Consultant and Contributing Style Director, The Zoe Report  “Strapless bras are a wardrobe staple, and it’s no surprise that this breathable style from Natori is getting strong reviews from our customers. The plunging, multi-way silhouette is comfortable and functional, and the lace adds a touch of chic!” — Carmen Nestares, Chief Marketing Officer, Amazon Fashion “My attitude toward strapless bras is typically to avoid them at all costs. However, life (and bridesmaid dresses) happen so I always have one I can turn to with some confidence that I won't be miserable the whole time I wear it. Currently, that's the Le Mystere Soiree Strapless. The band doesn't dig and I find it provides a nice, natural hold instead of creating a uni-boob situation. Plus, as someone who's graduated beyond a DD cup, I appreciate the simple construction instead of being overly cumbersome with extra, visible seams and wires to support a larger bust.” — Gina Marinelli, Fashion Writer & Editor  “I have this bra in my styling kit for models with a bust, and I have one myself. It’s underwired and non-padded, so it creates support without any extra padding which is the winning combination.” — Rebecca Dennett, Stylist  “I always opt for a strapless bra when I’m wearing a style with super-thin straps such as my Priscilla jumpsuit or Catia dress. I love the brand Chantelle and have been wearing the Absolute Invisible Smooth Strapless Convertible Bra all summer long. It’s so comfortable I bought it in both colors and love that it has detachable straps.” — Tanya Taylor, Designer  “To be honest, my favorite strapless bra is no bra, however, when I absolutely have to wear one my go-to is the Commando Bandaeu Bra. It has been a lifesaver one too many times for me. It's the perfect combination of comfort and functional. I actually have three of the same one!” Adrienne Faurote, Powers PR 
 In 1999, Target completely upended the retail experience with the help of a little tea kettle made in collaboration with architect Michael Graves, launching the brand's designer collaboration series Design for All.  Two decades and over 175 designer team-ups later, Target is celebrating 20 years of designer partnerships by dipping back into the archives to resurrect 20 of its favorite collaborations.  Many of the more iconic collabs have made the cut, including the colorful Lily Pulitzer collection that debuted in 2015 and the grunge Rodarte for Target range that hit store racks in 2009. Anna Sui, Zac Posen, Missoni, Jason Wu, Altuzarra and more made also made the lineup. "This anniversary celebrates our rich design history and the diverse range of partnerships we've offered our guests for the last 20 years," Mark Tritton, executive vice president and chief merchandising officer of Target, said in a statement. "Each partnership brought something special and exciting to our guests, and with 20 years behind us, we're only getting started." Target's 20th anniversary designer collection is priced at $7 to $160 and selection will vary by store. Save up now as the collection officially hits Target stores and online on September 14. 
 With more than 40 runway shows, activations, and designer culinary experiences hosted by top brands, Paraiso Miami Beach officially took over what was once known as Miami Swim Week earlier this month. At Paraiso Bungalow, a new pop up double decker shop overlooking the beach, locals and visitors were able to shop collections from Chopard, Tropic of C, Aloha Collection, and other brands. Luxury shopping destination, Olivela (known for its efforts in cultivating a unique online shopping experience specializing in sustainable brands) donated 20 percent of every sale to local non-profit partner, Perez Art Museum Miami. Missed out? Even though Miami Swim Week has come to a close, you can still shop pieces that were sold at the bungalow online. Read on for my top picks.  Embrace your wild side.   Treat yourself and channel your inner Goldilocks.   From daytime errands to beach party looks, this super chic caftan is the perfect addition to your wardrobe.  While this tote is the perfect size to fit all of your beach needs, you don't have to limit yourself to just carrying to the beach. It's a great everyday bag too!  The freshest scent for those hot days in the sun. Who says you can't wear fine jewelry to the beach? Layer with your other favorite necklaces and add some colorful pieces for extra flair. The perfect pouch for keeping together all of the your necessities. Extra bonus: It's waterproof.  No summer is complete with some CBD oil in your life. Good vibes ahead!  All shade with these sunnies. Be a slip dress queen in this floral number. You can never have too many.  Purchase these sandals and provide 15 days of school for Syrian refugees through Olivela's partner CARE. 
 Finding a gift for your boss is a seasonal trap. Regardless of whether or not you like them, you need to find something that toes the line between professionalism and personalization. Lucky for you, we found 17 gifts that are so good, they might just give you that promotion you've been eyeing. From HR-approved cheeky notebooks to chic desk accessories, shop our gift guide.  A fancy candle set that says, I love luxury but I'm not rich enough to afford it.  Nothing is worse than a cold cup of coffee. Thankfully, this heater, will keep them caffeinated until you clock out.   The AC in your office is too damn high. Everyone should own a desk blanket.  A redeye requires a good sleep mask, not the crappy ones the airline provides.  This sturdy bag is strong enough to hold a laptop and everything else they need for work.  Hold each other accountable for drinking more water.  This monthly tea gift keeps the holiday spirit going all year round, so she'll never forget what a good employee you are.  Their motto.   You must really like your boss to give them these headphones. But they have Google assistant, which lightens your load as their actual assistant, so why not?  For their quick makeup touchups. Your boss is constantly OOO around the world, so a trusty travel adapter is essential.  Not only will this planner schedule their 2pm meeting, it's also about wellness, encouraging the owner to write in morning and evening gratitudes, daily wins, and more positive goals.  This is your favorite phrase of theirs, because they're the one with the company card.  Facts.  You know someone has their life together if their pencil holder looks like this.  A not-so-subtle suggestion to get her desk in order.  Meditation breaks should be a company-wide policy. 
 Be smart this holiday season and give the gift that keeps on giving, literally. A monthly subscription will continue to surprise your lucky giftee with thoughtfully curated boxes (and zero effort on your part.) What's not to love? We rounded up the top picks of the year, including the OG beauty box, an Amazon pick of tasty Japanese snacks, and more clever subscription boxes for everyone on your list.  Blue Apron is known for their meal delivery service, but did you know they had a wine club too? Skip the liquor store and let your giftee sit back and relax with a trifecta of wines delivered monthly. The OG beauty box is still going strong. Give your BFF her share of full and travel-sized products to test out, helping end her search for the perfect mascara. Are they tired of Hot Cheetos? Well, probably not. But this box gives an edit of unexpected Japanese snacks, like green tea Kit Kats (which are arguably better than the regular chocolate one).  Stitch Fix isn't technically a subscription box, but a personalized edit of items for your giftee to try. Whatever they don't want, they can send back and you only pay for their faves. They recently introduced children's clothes, which means your favorite niece or nephew is about to be the most stylish kid in school.   Rachel Zoe's subscription box offers not only a keen edit of clothes and accessories, but also top beauty brands like Oribe, Missoni, and elevated home goods, too. This box is great for budding plant parents. Every month they'll receive a plant or plant-related item (like plant fertilizer, planters, or display stands) to help encourage their green thumb.  If they're all about self-care, this box will make them very happy. Priced super low at $9 a month, they'll receive a fun edit of Korean sheet masks that will turn Sunday scaries into #selfcaresunday.  Know someone obsessed with Harry Potter, Fallout, Star Wars, or anything with a fan base? Well, Lootcrate has all their sci-fi and gaming needs covered.  There's no need to invest in an expensive fragrance if they haven't found their signature scent yet. This box sends 3 mini spray bottles so they can experiment with their olfactory senses until they find the one.  Your pooch deserves some love, too. What better way to say 'I ruff you' than with a box filled with doggy snacks and toys, themed with a tongue-in-cheek names like "Dogsmas in the City." It can be stressful to send your Sppotify playlist to your music-loving friend, but Vinyl Me Please takes the anxiety away with this monthly subscription. They'll receive an exclusive record a month, like a hot pink vinyl from their new favorite band.  A tie is a classic gift, but why not gift them one year-round? They also offer curated gift boxes like this one, which includes all the accessories that maketh a man.  Eating vegan can be a challenge, but Purple Carrot makes it less intimidating to cook elaborate meals at home.  It's an even greater gift if they invite you to dine with them, too.  Marathoners are a special breed, so they will appreciate this considerate gift. Each box includes 11-14 hand-picked items tested by their team of athletes, like that weird energy gel runners eat mid-race.  Fair trade products make for guilt-free gifting, and everything from Globein comes with a story. Their products are made by traditional artisans all over the world, supporting industries from India and Mexico. 
 Ladies with big boobs know: finding a comfortable and supportive bra is a damn hard process. One that sometimes, after a lot of effort, leaves you defeated or worse, unsupported. From cups in the E, F, G, and H range to uncommon sizes like a 32DD, big boobs require more out of a bra whether the goal is to lift, smooth, shape, or all three. Nowadays, more and more brands are catering to the specific needs of busty women from the straps to the cup and band design, creating fits that are comfortable, functional, and, stylish. Ahead, 12 of the best bras for big boobs from full-coverage styles to balconette silhouettes and convertible designs. Plus, expert advice on what to look for from fabric to fit. “An underwire bra will provide the best support and shaping for larger breasts, keeping the breasts forward and lifted,” says Cathy Devine, Vice President of Innovation at Soma. She recommends the Stunning Support collection as her top choice for larger-breasted women, which comes in a wide range of sizes from 32D to 44G and in a variety of silhouettes from full-coverage to balconette and convertible styles. Key features of these bras include a unique C-shaped, anti-poke wire and patented cups with thin, molded pads that lift and smooth with stretch for a super-comfortable fit that lays flat and disappears under lightweight tops.  “Cups that are rigid enough to lift, hold, and shape the breasts but that have enough stretch to accommodate different breast sizes and provide a smooth transition at the neckline edge are essential to helping you look and feel your best,” she adds. Shop Soma bras Ra’el Cohen, Chief Creative Officer at ThirdLove, says full coverage is key for busty women. “It’s smart to consider your fabrics and the overall construction of the bra,” she adds, such as ultra-thin memory foam which ThirdLove incorporates into the straps and cups of their designs. Cohen also recommends a smoothing double-layer band for a flattering and supportive fit, suggesting the 24/7 Perfect Coverage Bra as a comfortable, everyday bra.  For a sexier take on full-coverage, Simone Perele offers semi-sheer lace bras that feature three-part-cup construction and adjustable straps. A feminine take on the every day bra, this three-section underwired bra has firm, deeper-cut cups that comfortably lift breasts with higher-cut side sections for extra support. ELLE.com's Style Director, Nikki Ogunnaike, swears by these bras for any type of workout she does. "I was introduced to this brand about five years ago and I've never looked back," she says. "Whether it's boxing at Rumble, a HIIT class, or training and running a half-marathon, this is the sports bra I reach for."  Shop Panache bras Known for its focus on size inclusivity, Parfait Lingerie has an incredible size range of bras for women with full busts, which Kristoffer John Cardona, Head of Marketing, says is all about the straps. “When it comes to finding the best bras for a full bust, it is very important to have wide straps for both comfort and support. If the strap is too narrow, it is likely to dig into the shoulders causing discomfort and possibly mark or dent the skin.”  For best in shaping, Cardona recommends contour bras that incorporate a layer of padding or foam without adding size, like Parfait‘s Emma Plunge Molded Bra, which create clean, smooth lines under clothes while providing more support. For breast shapes that are bottom-heavy, this balconette bra by CUUP is made from sheer power mesh with a lightweight, flexible underwire. Choose this for a sleek and supportive everyday option. "Busty girls no longer need hot, heavy-duty pads and straps in order to achieve their desired fit and shape,” says Jessica Pfister, Vice President of Le Mystere. “We now have microfibers, meshes, and lace available to us that are beautiful, have a super-soft hand feel, but are also incredibly supportive.” Recommending the Le Mystere Light Luxury Spacer as her top pick for large breasts, Pfister says the space cups keep you cool while providing shaping and support all in a pretty package. Featuring microfiber mesh wings and lace trim, this non-padded bra by Déesse is the ultimate in lightweight support. Wacoal's Visual Effects Minimizer Bra features full-coverage lace cups with sheer mesh lining for added comfort and style. Paramour by Felina specializes in bras for full-figure women with full busts. To find the right one for you, Willy Mrasek, Creative Director of Felina, suggests three key fit components: The band should sit level on your back and feel snug, but not tight. The straps should stay put without slipping or digging in. Cups should always fit smooth across the chest without spilling or gaps. Mrasek’s top two picks include the Tempting Plush Contour Bra which uses power mesh at the center front and wing anchors of the bra, and the Dahlia 4-Section Cup Unlined Bra which features features additional paneling to lift and shape the bust up to a 42H cup. This breathable spacer-cup bra features high-power mesh sides to hold you in with lightweight foam cups that shape sans bulk.
 Marc Jacobs is no stranger to the MTV Video Music Awards. His designs have appeared on the red carpet on pop princesses Lady Gaga and Rita Ora and the designer famously teamed up with MTV to create a nostalgic collaboration ahead of the 2016 MTV VMAs. But this year, Marc Jacobs will be walking the red carpet himself as the first-ever recipient of the Fashion Trailblazer Award. In partnership with The Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA), MTV announced today, July 30, that Jacobs will receive the inaugural award for his "indelible impact within the world of music-artist fashion."   @TheMarcJacobs will receive @MTV’s first-ever Fashion Vanguard Award this August. 🖤 Swipe up on our Instagram Stories to read about his grunge beginnings, musical influences and what #MTV means to him via @VogueMagazine. A post shared by  Marc Jacobs (@marcjacobs) on Jul 30, 2019 at 8:47am PDT  Jacobs' musical ties run deep, just check his resume: In addition to Lady Gaga and Rita Ora, Janelle Monae, Nicki Minaj, Missy Elliott, and Cardi B have all dressed in Marc Jacobs designs throughout the years. The designer's love for MTV runs even deeper. For Marc Jacobs Resort 2017 collection, the designer returned to his grunge roots with an '80s-infused collection of punk-rock designs, including a select few featuring MTV's signature block "M" logo on thick fuzzy sweaters. Marc Jacobs will also be working with MTV to create a multimedia interactive experience "highlighting his creative vision," the network said in a press release. This experience will include a photographer and "highly-stylized elements" (read: Instagrammable moments) for social media. Tune in to see Jacobs accept the award at the 2019 MTV VMAs when it airs on Monday, August 26. 
 Following some design controversies in the past few years, Gucci has officially appointed Renée Tirado as the new leader of the diversity, equity, and inclusion division. For her first task, Tirado will create, develop, and implement a global strategy to not only help make Gucci's workplace more inclusive (by helming the hiring process to develop a diverse DE&I team), but the brand's business initiatives as well. Plus, Tirado will be in charge of Gucci's Cultural Awareness Learning Program, Global Multicultural Design Fellowship Program, the Internal Global Exchange Program, and more.  “I am in the business of making human connections that start with the foundations of inclusivity, respect, and diversity to ensure Gucci remains culturally relevant and economically competitive," Tirado explained in a statement. "I am honored to join a company that puts these non-negotiable values at the forefront of their business model, not as ‘a nice to have’ but as a key component of its business strategy.”  Tirado's appointment is just one of the many ways Gucci is improving its brand. In March, Gucci announced the launch of its Global Changemakers Program, a long-term plan to encourage cultural diversity and unity with three different sectors dedicated to "support industry change and to foster unity through community action."   "Diversity is on the agenda of many companies," Tirado continued, "but Gucci has now assumed a leadership role in the industry through the breadth of initiatives it is undertaking and the prioritization it has placed on it as a part of the overall business.” Before joining Gucci, Tirado served as the Chief Diversity & Inclusion Officer at Major League Baseball (MLB) where she developed and led the D&I strategy for the entire league and its thirty Club markets.  
 You can now rent pieces from Free People, Urban Outfitters, and Anthropologie, and more! Nowadays, you can rent just about anything (West Elm decor, designer bags, and even furniture), but clothing is arguably the No. 1 category when it comes to the rental economy—and now, another company is entering the mix. A new site, Nuuly, launches today, and important to note? It’s from URBN; i.e., owner of your fave retailer trio Free People, Urban Outfitters, and Anthropologie. So that means clothes from all these stores will now be available to rent on Nuuly.com.  It's $88 per month to rent six items of your choosing. And yes, you are required to rent all six pieces to complete your order, but you can also rent the same thing in various sizes if you're unsure of how it'll fit, and that will count towards the goal. The items are delivered via UPS with two-day service and come in a reusable shipping bag. At the end of the month, customers will return all pieces using a pre-paid label and the packaging they arrived in. A bonus is that the bags are made with reclaimed ocean plastics, too. Yay!   You can opt to return everything before the end of the month if you choose, but you won't be able to rent other pieces until the next month. AND you must return or purchase your items in order to unlock your next month's Nuuly, FYI. But that just encourages you to rotate your wardrobe more often!  In addition to clothing from the aforementioned retailers (FP, UO, and Anthro will make up more than one-third of the offerings), more than 1,000 third-party brands will be in the mix including Avec Les Filles, Carolina K, LoveShackFancy, For Love and Lemons, AGOLDE, and others. Even unique vintage pieces like 1950s overalls, 1970s Loewe frocks, and 1980s Yves Saint Laurent jumpsuits will be included. Yes, really!!  Head of product Sky Pollard and director of marketing and customer success Kim Gallagher said in an e-mail that while there are no immediate plans to expand into categories like accessories, they're open to the option in the future. So it's just clothes for now, but dang cute ones at that.   Pollard and Gallagher also said the site will constantly update styles, adding hundreds of new items each month to refresh the assortment. Customers can also have the option to to purchase any pieces they rent from Nuuly at a discount form the retail price. Say no more.  Once you make an account, you can start browsing and choose items (or save them for later) that you'd like to rent. Everything is managed through your profile, including your billing and shipping info, when your subscription renews, and even your rental history so you can keep track of what you've previously received—and maybe order it again or just buy the darn thing if you loved wearing it.    
From: Cosmopolitan US

 The Pyer Moss designer's partnership with Reebok is expanding beyond apparel and footwear.  "If you are just learning about Pyer Moss, we forgive you!” read the back of designer Kerby Jean-Raymond's Pyer Moss shirt when he famously met Anna Wintour in 2018. Sure, you should know about the brand but, really it’s all about the designer himself who was just tapped by Reebok to become the artistic director of a new division at the brand called Reebok Studies_. Different than the collaborative partnership Jean-Raymond and Reebok have cultivated in the past year, as artistic director of Reebok Studies_, Jean-Raymond will bring in fellow designers and celebrities for special projects and collaborations to "push ideas forward," he told Business of Fashion.  Karen Reuther, Reebok's vice president of creative described Jean-Raymond as a "thought partner." "It really is about future lines, future collections, future potential collaborations, exploring activations, searching for new talent —it’s a space [where] we don’t want to limit creativity,” Reuther added.   Through this new partnership, the Pyer Moss designer hopes to help Reebok "have a pulse on what’s going on in fashion and in music and in activism" something very few people in this space know better than Jean-Raymond. When the designer debuted his inaugural Reebok by Pyer Moss collection, “American, Also,” he assembled a cast of all-black models to model the red, white, and blue range with phrases like "As USA As U" written on a pair of joggers and a choir singing Kendrick Lamar in the background. He previously teamed up with Erykah Badu for a show centered on mental health awareness, traded in his Art Basel experience to head to Standing Rock, and held Pyer Moss' fifth anniversary show in the Weeksville neighborhood of Brooklyn, one of the country's first free black communities.  The freedom to marry his culture and heritage with Reebok's own is the driving force behind the designer and brand's longstanding relationship, or as Jean-Raymond puts it, "productive marriage" and hopes to give other creatives the same experience.    
 Mrs. Bieber-approved, by the way.   The transition from summer to fall usually calls for an overhaul of your closet—time to tuck away your favorite swimsuit until your spring getaway, replace lightweight dresses with chunky sweaters, and midi skirts with darker denim. Accessories, though, can more easily span seasons, which means you don't have to ditch your favorite shades just because the leaves are falling.  Take it from Hailey Bieber and Xiao Wen Ju, the faces of accessories brand Charles & Keith's fall and winter campaign: Some items look just as good in October as they did in July.  The best part of these summer-to-fall accessories? They're all under $100.  The color of this bag screams summer, but the croc-effect and structure make it a staple piece for fall, too. Pair with flare jeans and a graphic tee for a sunny, casual look. Then, when the weather gets a bit cooler, throw the long strap over the shoulder of an oversized sweater. Did we mention it's only $50? Sunglasses are to summer as sweaters are to fall. These tortoise-shell glasses are a steal, which means you can guiltlessly add them to your inevitably huge collection of shades. The cat-eye and darker lenses give the sunnies a more sophisticated look for day-to-day wear that's appropriate even past Labor Day.  Rather than spending a fraction of your paycheck on pricey sandals that you'll only wear for a few months, opt for a chic flat that you can dress up or down. The neutral color of this leather pair allows for endless outfit options, and the chrome buttons will elevate even the simplest looks, like black skinny jeans and a sweater.  Itty bitty bags are in and quickly becoming as essential to your wardrobe as an LBD. This round-top handle bag will undoubtedly be your go-to for summer rooftop occasions and then make even more appearances in your day-to-day for fall.  You can never have too many pairs of gold hoops, especially with a price tag this cheap. This pair, with a design that resembles rays of sun, will add a flirty touch to any getup—whether it's a bikini on the beach or a leather jacket on a date. We tend to associate booties with fall, but then again, most booties aren't this fun. Pair the edgy two-toned boots with a skirt this summer. You'll be so obsessed that by the time fall rolls around, these will have made it into your weekly wardrobe rotation. 
 Since day one, Amazon has helped us build better homes by providing everything we need—from toilet paper to groceries to furniture to books. Now, the e-commerce giant is helping us build a better closet with the launch of its Personal Shopper by Prime Wardrobe, a styling service exclusively for Prime members. SHOP NOW How does it work? First your create your Style Profile. From there, the team will pull a few looks based off of your preferences, giving you the option to preview their picks and select up to eight items to ship home. The more you open up about your preferences, the better the results.  After receiving the Prime Wardrobe package, customers have seven days to try on the clothing. Added bonus? You only have to pay for the pieces you like and can return the unwanted items in a resealable Amazon box that comes with a pre-paid label.  Soon, your closet will be full of brands like 7 for All Mankind, Calvin Klein, Levi’s, AG Adriano Goldschmid, Rebecca Taylor, Champion, adidas, Amazon Essentials, and more.  The Personal Shopper by Prime Wardrobe will be available via the Amazon App and is launching with women’s styles first with plans to expand into menswear soon.  All of this for just $4.99/month. What can't Amazon do? 
 As summer comes to an end, one of the only things that brings solace is the arrival of fall fashion. But our ideas about what constitutes as style for the season have evolved over the decades. Take a look back at the trends that have stood the test of time plus the ones that made briefer appearances. In 1950, Audrey Hepburn was still three years away from winning an Oscar for her breakout role in Roman Holiday. But that didn't stop her from sporting this printed fall ensemble for a fashion spread. French designer Jacques Heim favored pleated coats and skirts for his autumn collection in 1951. Likewise, Christian Dior employed a fuller skirt silhouette in his fall 1951 collection. The early '50s often saw a fall ensemble completed with a coordinated hat or headpiece.  Actress and singer Edie Adams opted for high-waisted, black denim with a checkered top during her October 1952 photo shoot alongside her pet Boston Terrier. Once again, Dior's fall collection favored boxy coats and distinguished headwear. Two junior league models showed some September skin by pairing their high neckline tops with skirts and shorts, as opposed to longer wool coats. Before you mistake this for another standard coat-and-hat ensemble, consider that Givenchy's fall and winter collection took a major risk. The drawstring design at the top and bottom of the velour coat made for an eye-catching aesthetic choice. This was the year that Grace Kelly became Princess of Monaco after she married Prince Rainier III. Here, she wears a burgundy velvet hat and slate gray suit for a November trip from the United States to France. Designer Nina Ricci's fall collection got creative in the details of this fall fashion staple. Towards the end of the decade, designer Guy Laroche reinterpreted the wool coat trend (somewhat) by raising the waistline and adding fringe detailing to the front of the dress. Actress Jane Russell sported a chic airport look as she departed from London, decked out in a fur coat, ornate hat, and several bracelets. Is this why it's called a runway? The '60s brought a major cultural shift away from the conventional. Brigitte Bardot brings that mentality to her fall fashion, including a long fur coat, patterned stockings, and modern bangs. October 1961 saw the release of Breakfast at Tiffany's, thus revolutionizing the little black dress for any season. Audrey Hepburn dons the iconic LBD for one of the film's promotional photos. Actress Sophia Loren accessorized her look with an ascot around the neck, adding a modern twist to a classic ensemble. Designer Norman Norell took traditional elements, including wool and plaid, and constructed a three-piece outfit. A cape and fuller pants, as opposed to peacoat and skirt, gave this look a modernized twist. Julie Andrews, poolside in November, wore capris and a casual high-collared blouse for a free-spirited ensemble. If loving Barbra Streisand's leopard print trench with a slit down the side is wrong, who would want to be right? Jane Fonda's newsboy cap, braids, and mod dress (with pockets!) give her fall look a playful vibe. In the late '60s, British supermodel Twiggy set the tone for much of the decade's street style.  In this hooded dress, alongside Jenny Russell and Diane De La Roche, she brings the mod movement to the forefront. Emilio Pucci embraced the mod and hippie trends of the decade with his fall line. Goodbye plaid, hello prints. By the end of the '60s, coats were shorter and no longer exclusively wool or argyle. Hair was taller, belts abundant, and leather boots entering the fold. This progression is on full-display in Dominique Chombert's fall/winter collection. September 1970 saw the arrival of an iconic TV series and its ultra-stylish star. After The Mary Tyler Moore Show premiered, every "career woman" had a closet full of menswear-inspired trousers and were ready to toss a beret into the air at a moment's notice. Cardin's ready-to-wear collection showcased looks such as this oversized plaid skirt and matching cape, styled with a high-waisted belt. Olivia Newton-John's all-white leisure suit brought effortless fall flair as she walked around London. The linen power suit continued to gain traction in Saint Laurent's ready-to-wear collection. Givenchy gifted the world with this red snakeskin leather jacket, outfitted with a red fur trim, along with matching hat and gloves. This streetwear would certainly make...a statement. Just a year shy of this former couple's film collaboration A Star is Born, Barbra Streisand and Jon Peters are delivering peak '70s style with a beige-laden outing. Faye Dunaway's turn as a high-power news woman in Network earned her an Oscar—and a place in the pantheon of of fall fashion inspo. Jerry Hall walked the Yves Saint Laurent show in a red velvet leisure suit and beret, as a printed ascot draped her right shoulder. Diane Keaton has always been known for raising the bar of menswear-inspired looks. Here, she channels boyfriend Warren Beatty in a corduroy suit. (Are they wearing the same belt?!)
 Going braless can feel super freeing (and is somewhat trendy these days) but for many people out there it's not really an option. Some women find the look of lace, feel of satin, or effect of a push-up or padding comforting, while others flat out need a bra for daily support. Sure, ripping off your bra at the end of the day is one of the first things you do when you get home, but that doesn't mean you don't need an arsenal of styles that will get you through your 9 to 5. There are loads of bras out there that are plenty comfortable, functional and flattering, and oftentimes, just plain pretty to look at (self-care, ladies). Read on for a guide on the 10 types of bras every woman should have in her lingerie drawer then shop our top picks. When you want your bra to go unnoticed under light-colored clothes or sheer fabrics, a bra that matches your skin tone is essential—whether you’re into delicate lace, a cotton bralette, or full-coverage cups.   While skin tone bras are great for blending into the background, they tend to stick out against black or dark-colored clothing—hence the need to have a black bra at the ready. If a T-shirt and jeans is your go-to outfit, a T-shirt bra you love just as much that combo is crucial. The key elements here are rounded cups to create a flattering shape (and no, this doesn’t equate to mega-padding if you don’t want it to) and comfortable straps and a band that stays put sans any digging.  When you’re working on your fitness, a functional sports bra is essential from cycling to yoga and sculpting workouts. Read this for even more on the best sports bra for every chest size and workout. A pain point for many women, strapless bras can feel like more work than their worth. But when you don’t want bra straps to show, they’re a must. Pro tip: look for a strapless bra with a wider band and underwires for maximum support. When dressing for special occasions, weddings, or vacation, you’ll likely encounter unique silhouettes that call for a specialty bra. In the case of low-cut tops and dresses, a plunge silhouette will ensure your bra doesn’t peek out from your down-to-there neckline.  Similar to plunging necklines, garments with low backs or cutouts create quite the issue in the bra department. If your outfit isn’t entirely backless, a low-back bra will help you feel supported without having to go the strapless, stick-on, or pasties route.  So you don’t want to buy a bunch of bras? Okay, a convertible bra that can do it all is the answer. Whether you’re wearing a halter neckline, strapless silhouettes, or low-back number, you can tweak the straps to match any silhouette.  You should certainly prioritize function over form when it comes to your bra, but at the same time, pretty lace, satin, and embroidered styles will always make you feel your best. And it doesn't have to be a compromise — many brands offer well-designed bras that are equally gorgeous. When you’re hanging around the house, traveling, or running errands, comfort is the name of the game. Enter: the comfy bra to lend just enough support on easy days. Think wire-free styles in super-soft fabrics, bralette silhouettes, and tank-top cuts.
 You may know Pom Klementieff for her roles as Mantis in the Marvel films Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Avengers: Infinity War, and Avengers: Endgame, but fall down a Google rabbit hole and you'll soon find that she's also a style powerhouse. A front row fixture at fashion shows across the world, the actress is a master at playing with shape and silhouette. It's no wonder, then, she's become a friend of Chanel, invited to New York's Shelter Island to celebrate the relaunch of its iconic J12 watch nearly 20 years since it first debuted. As she got ready we took a little bit of her time to chat personal style, fashion inspiration, and pre-party playlists.  I wanted to go for a natural look for the makeup, since it was a dinner at the beach. I didn’t want to look overdone. I love to create bold looks with Ralph Siciliano, but for this one we wanted something more glowy that feels like you’re on a holiday. For hair, Cameron Rains and I  thought hair down would give a more chill “I spent the day at the beach” vibe. I thought a hair accessory would be a nice touch. I’m obsessed with velvet, and Cameron came up with the idea of the velvet ribbon. It adds a preppy vibe and frames the face in a nice way. I had never done this hairdo before, and I love to try new looks, so that was fun! I love black and white. It makes me think of a “Nouvelle Vague” look. I love the sailor vibe as well. I had lilac nail polish on, but we switched to black to make the looks less “cute” and edge it up. Also, the look reminds me of the '60s in some way. Anna Karina could have worn something like that. I usually work with [stylist] Petra Flannery, and I trust her impeccable taste. But I also often choose the looks myself, or send her a picture of several outfits I like, and she tells me what she prefers. I go with my gut and what I feel more at ease in. If you don’t feel comfortable in an outfit, it shows and the pictures don’t look great. I send inspo shots to the glam team for sure. I find it really fun. I like to take risks. Otherwise, it’s boring. I remember my first Chanel show. I had flown from LA to Paris and went straight to the fitting, then hair and makeup. The show was at the Ritz and it was tea time. We were seated at tables and the collection was stunning, and we got to eat amazing pâtisserie. Eating the cakes and watching the show felt like I was in a dream (combined with the jet lag!). I, myself, was wearing a pink dress with ruffles so I kinda felt like a strawberry cake.  It’s hard to describe because I can be so versatile from one day to the other. I love to be elegant but also playful. I love all the Chanel accessories. I was gifted a Chanel bag I love, and there is a tiny owl on the zipper. Things like that make me smile, they make life softer. Tilda Swinton is always so elegant, chic, and special. I love menswear also, I always feel the most comfortable in a blazer. I get inspired by movies, by people, by an attitude, a song—things you keep in your brain subconsciously.  I love Blood Orange. I went to Dev [Hynes's] show in Paris a few weeks ago and it was so beautiful. I’ve been listening to “Dark and Handsome” on repeat. Or Gainsbourg, Air, or some music that puts me in a good mood. Let’s do this! Let’s have fun!   For more information on the Chanel J12 watch ($5,700 to $7,000), head to chanel.com.
 But you'll need to act fast.  Even since Meghan Markle was first spotted wearing Mother jeans at the 2017 Invictus Games, the brand has barely been able to keep their denim in stock. Just a week after she wore the brand, the company saw a 1,000 percent increase in site traffic and at one point in time, the waitlist for said jeans totaled almost 4,000 people.   But, thanks to what we truly believe is a Markle Miracle, Nordstrom has the jeans in stock and marked them down to 30 percent off as part of their 2019 Anniversary Sale (!!!).  In addition to Meghan Markle, Mother is a denim favorite of Emma Roberts and Bella Hadid. It makes sense why they love them: The crisp ankle cut looks put-together when paired with a button up, but the stretch-material means they don't feel uncomfortable. Ever.  One caveat: These jeans are only available through Nordstrom's Early Access sale right now, so if you're not a Nordstrom cardmember, you won't be able to score this deal yet. But! If you're interested, mark your calendar. Starting on Friday, July 19, the sale will open to the public and we expect this deal to go fast. Since this pair is bound to sell out, we found four other styles from Mother that have the Markle Sparkle:  And for even more amazing editor-approved deals at the Nordstrom Anniversary sale, head right this way. 
From: Marie Claire US

 When the thought of having to run—even for just five minutes—pops into your mind, what sort of feelings does it conjure up? Excitement? Dread? Not-a-chance in hell vibes? If you're in the latter camp, Nike understands and is offering the Joyride Run Flyknit as a tool to help alleviate your running anxiety. Launching globally on August 15, the shoe was crafted specifically for those who just can't stand running (whether it's because of the impact it can have on your body or because it's not your idea of fun). Unlike other shoes, this sneaker comes with a dynamic footbed full of what they call TPE (short for Thermo plastic elastomers) beads that form to your foot and ultimately make the run easier on your legs. On a recent trip with the brand to L.A., I got to try the sneaker both indoors and outdoors—first for an interval run on a treadmill and later for a run along the Santa Monica pier, led by Nike Run Coach Bec Wilcox and Nike Master Trainer Kirsty Godso (a self-professed reluctant runner). The first thing I noticed a few minutes into the workout was that I'd never felt a shoe like this before. Since the foot sits right against the four-pod footbed it gave me the sensation of standing on a sheet of un-poppable bubble wrap. Think supportive, but not necessarily springy. As I settled into the run, I could feel the beads in the footbed mold to the way my heel and forefoot hit the ground. The sensation was much like wearing an already perfectly broken-in shoe. After the run, I sat down with Godso who shared that even though you may expect her to love running (she is a trainer and all) her relationship with the sport is quite the opposite. "So many people are training for certain things, a marathon or half marathon, but there's a lot of us out there who actually don't really like running but just want to move," she says. "I like to do short and fast runs, so I'm never looking for a full on performance shoe because I'm not doing a serious amount of miles.  Joyride is the first shoe that's come along that feels like it could be my shoe." Early the next morning, we set out for a two mile run along the Santa Monica pier, and the shoe felt even better the second time around—somehow even more broken in than the day before. Running outside in 80 degree weather will never be easy, but the shoe did make the it a little less painful.   While the Joyride is a new innovation designed to make finding your stride easier, and it feels great, what really sold it for me was how it made me think about running. As Godso says, "I don't mean to sound cliché but it's actually a privilege to move your body. There are tons of people who would die to go on a 100M run and maybe don't have the capability to do that." Ask any runner and they'll echo that sentiment. Then they'll tell you that a lot of it is mental. The right fit and shoe can help you get in the zone and cut out the many excuses you may have for not going on a run. "Honestly, I think the worst thing we do is waste so much time being in the logistics of getting it done rather than just doing it," says Godso. "You can get out there and it may suck but you can stop as many times as you need to.  Release some of the ego, put the shoes on and go." 
 In a world where good things happen to me, I'd have a Park Avenue apartment with a spare bedroom exclusively for shoe storage. But c'est la vie—that's not the world we live in.  Instead, I maximize my tiny closet by relying on pieces that can pull double duty for work and play, like a bra I can wear to the office *and* the gym and a pair of sneaks that take me from coffee meetings to TSA pre-check. Here, my favorite staple pieces that can go from work to weekend and back again.  Even if you're not the one rigging the mast—or whatever—it's still fun to look the part. Prep is officially back for fall, and I'm filing zero complaints (I mean that rugby-inspired striped lace...come on!).  Slip into this sophisticated silhouette to stick the landing from deck to desk all season long, whether you're headed cross-campus or off to a conference call.  Sperry Authentic Original Varsity Suede Boat Shoe  SHOP NOW  This tote will take you from office bag lady (it me) to weekend warrior. A built-in laptop sleeve, designated umbrella compartment, and plenty of planner storage (I have five...all empty) makes this tote an ideal desk mate. Plus, the Mary Poppins-level of storage and removable shoulder strap make it easy when carrying extra layers during the colder months. Away Everywhere Bag This is the Perfect White Shirt™ (according to me). I wear this shirt at least once a week, both to work and on the weekend. Tuck it in, tie it up, roll the sleeves, add a jean jacket—the possibilities are endless. Lauren Ralph Lauren Tie Front Shirt   SHOP NOW I get compliments on my hair every time I wear this headband (blondes do have more fun, BTW)—even when I'm pushing the limits of dry shampoo. I keep it in my desk for when I'm headed straight from the office to a fancy dinner. It never fails to soften my office style for a night out. Lele Sadoughi Light Denim Headband SHOP NOW Has a more perfect travel shoe ever existed? Pair Sperry's stripey sneakers with cropped trousers and a blazer at work for edge polished yet cool edge, then swap your blazer for a light wash denim jacket before head out for a country weekend. These slip on and off with ease (and look pretty damn good doing it) so you can breeze through security for a seamless escape.  Crest Vibe Varsity Stripe Satin Sneaker  SHOP NOW You've seen the memes—the leopard print midi skirt is everywhere (and not going anywhere). Get 'em while they're hot.  The Naomi Skirt in Wild Things  SHOP NOW  I've worn these to work, straight to the airport, immediately to bed and then to the gym the next morning. They're super flattering, provide compression on long-haul flights, and replace at least three pairs of pants IMHO (that's more room in your carry on for skincare).  Spanx Faux Leather Legging SHOP NOW Keep these Bauble Bar beauties in your desk dopp kit when the outfit you wore to work feels a bit meh for dinner. Bauble Bar Faidra Acrylic Hoops  Mules are the pinnacle of modern footwear. You get all of the style of a loafer with the comfort and breathability of flip-flops. Pair with an office-friendly midi dress for day, then slip into army green capris and a crop top for night. Sperry Levy Tassel Mule SHOP NOW If you've stretched the limits of your favorite powder-based spritz, there's nothing a hat can't hide. Keep this one in your filing cabinet, your glove compartment, or stashed in your go-to getaway tote when plans pop up that your roots just aren't ready for.  Madewell Billie Rancher Hat  SHOP NOW
 YouTube used to be the place I ran to to distract myself from my responsibilities, brush up on my makeup skills, and ogle at power couples on extravagant trips to the Maldives, Bali, and Iceland. Recently though, it's become oversaturated with new accounts doing the same exact thing. Seriously, how many more "no-makeup" makeup routines do we need? Are YouTube couple breakup videos a requirement now? Is the famous Bali swing okay? I was ready to give it all up, but then, THE Naomi Campbell arrived—fashionably late, of course with her very own YouTube channel.  Subscribing to it was probably one of the best decisions I’ve made all year—and it's now a part of my self-care routine. Naomi is one of the most famous supermodels ever, so I was utterly shocked that between running her Fashion for Relief charitable organization, returning to the runway, and inking her first-ever beauty contract with Nars Cosmetics, she even have time to document her life.  Well, spoiler alert: she doesn’t. That's someone else's job. Campbell literally hired someone to lug the camera around documentary-style while she does normal stuff, like grocery shopping, working out, and flipping her bone-straight hair around the globe. Sometimes, she even forgets what country she’s in. That's the level of rich I aspire to be.  If you're as obsessed with seeing celebrities doing normal things as I am, allow me to introduce you to the wonderful world of Naomi Campbell. Ahead, the six best moments that prove Naomi Campbell deserves her own TV show—stat.  One of Naomi Campbell's early videos was dedicated to her mother, Valerie Morris. In the video, Naomi and her mother, who is clearly drinking from the Fountain of Youth, reminisce about their mother-daughter photoshoot for Burberry. Valerie didn't open up much about what it was like raising the supermodel as a single mother, but she did reveal she should be credited for helping Naomi out with her runway strut. According to Naomi, her mother taught her "how to have my swag in my walk and how to listen to the rhythm of the music, and how to walk when there wouldn't be any music." Now, the supermodel has one of the most recognizable and iconic walks in fashion. Momma knows best!  Naomi quickly became hip to YouTube culture and teamed up with platform vet Patrick Starr for a video in which the stars both sipped and spilled tea. Apparently the superstar has been slipping hot sauce in her bag for "decades" long before Beyoncé coined the term in her 2016 song "Formation." Campbell mixes her own spices together and pours it into "a little plastic bottle that costs me 50 cents" and carries it around, a concoction she believes is responsible for protecting her from catching a cold. Where can I buy one? Naomi also shared a sweet story about fellow models Linda Evangelista and Christy Turlington who refused to walk in a show because a designer chose not to cast Naomi. Naomi added that if Instagram were around during her heyday, people would see how supportive the models were instead of the catty mean girls they were painted out to be.  "I've never liked working out until I worked out with Joe," Naomi said in the video, and I understand why. Have you seen him? Not only is Joe hot, but he's seemingly patient, cheers her on as she completes her reps, and records her workouts like the perfect Instagram husband. Naomi and Joe have been training together for nearly two years—thanks to an alley-oop from Naomi's friends, Burberry's Riccardo Tisci and Off-White's Virgil Abloh—and the supermodel actually works out. The 49-year-old model doesn't play any games when it comes to her full-body workouts and makes double-arm battle rope routines, one-arm dumbbell rows or overhead walking lunges with a huge medicine ball look so regal and graceful; watching this video of her working out even encouraged me to get back in the gym. (I only lasted a week, though.) In an era where the typical makeup tutorial requires a laundry list of products and an ungodly amount of steps, Naomi Campbell's makeup tutorial is refreshingly simple. After all, the model has a slew of makeup gods on speed dial, from Pat McGrath to Francois Nars so of course she picked up a few makeup tricks along the way.  Use concealer instead of foundation.  Naomi doesn't use foundation, she uses concealer to highlight under her eyes, her t-zone area, and around the mouth before she sets it all with pressed powder. "“I don’t like my base to ever look like a mask,” Naomi explains in the video, as she applies the product using a Real Techniques brush. “I don’t really wear base on my forehead because I want to look like I don’t have anything on.”  Apply blush above your cheekbones, not directly on the cheek.  After lightly contouring her face with Nars' Gienah, Naomi reached for the brand's Gaiety blush and dusted it above her contour because directly applying the blush to the apples of your cheek looks "clowny" and "takes away from the bone structure."  There is no such thing as too much highlighter.  While many would say highlighter is a product that should be used in moderation to prevent you from looking like a disco ball, Naomi used quite a lot in her video, but applied the shimmer with a light hand to give her a subtle glow on the cheeks, forehead, nose, and anywhere else the light might hit on your face.   
 When it comes to traveling, Naomi Campbell is just like us: She steps into a convenience shop for snacks and leaves with bags of Haribo gummies and a good read. Then Campbell slips on a pair of gloves when she boards her flight and goes on a cleaning spree—leaving me with no other choice but to stan! Dettol wipes in-hand, she cleans every part of business class space—the seat, the arm rest, the windows, and the TV screen—because you should "clean everything you touch, anything you could possibly touch," she says. "This is what I do on every plane I get on. I do not care what people think of me, it's my health and it makes me feel better." One woman even asked Naomi to clean her seat as well, to which Naomi replied, "I won't do it for you but I'll share it with you." From there, it just gets better. Unsatisfied with jut disinfecting the seat, Naomi pulls out a seat cover, which she purchases at the airport every time she travels and hand-washes it at her hotel. To finish up her routine, Naomi puts on a face mask to protect herself from people who cough and sneeze during the flight. Her mind!  You'd be forgiven if you assumed Naomi Campbell has a designated person or on-call nutritionist who buys her groceries but the model likes doing her own shopping because it's "therapeutic" and honestly, same. She explains that she can no longer eat gluten, wheat, and dairy, wondering "what the f--k am I going to eat? All my comfort food just went down the drain and I'm sad," she says. We learn that the supermodel is a late-night muncher, enjoys "crappy TV," sometimes forgets what country she's in (LOL), and really loves basil—I counted all eight of the containers she placed in her cart. Oh, and she doesn't mind stopping for a picture with a fan, just let her hold the phone because she knows her best angles—and yours, probably.  She also loves chocolate, although it upsets her stomach, doesn't drink (what?!), and gave up smoking. "So all that I've got left that I can do is dance," she says at the end of the video. Hopefully, that means a dance workout video is next.
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Who: Danielle Brooks When: July 25, 2019  Wearing: Christian Siriano  Why: Danielle Brooks described her look at the New York City premiere of Orange is the New Black best: "pregnant and fabulous". We could not agree more, awarding her best dressed of the week.  Who: Laura Harrier  When: July 25, 2019 Wearing: Louis Vuitton Why: A crop top and black trousers doesn't tend to be that exciting, but Laura Harrier makes every outfit cool. We love the unexpected triangle hem of her shirt, worn at the UK premiere of Balance, Not Symmetry.  Who: Margot Robbie  When: July 22, 2019  Wearing: Chanel Why: Margot Robbie is playing Sharon Tate in her film Once Upon a Time ... in Hollywood, and it's showing. Her look—including a dewy, orangey makeup look—is a modern take on '70s glam.  Who: Elle Fanning  When: July 22, 2019 Wearing: Valentino Why: Elle Fanning also went '70s, but took the hippie chic route instead. Her dress at the Giffoni Film Festival in Giffoni Valle Piana, Italy is inspiring us to wear a muumuu to our next formal event.  Who: Yara Shahidi  When: July 20, 2019 Wearing: Zimmermann Why: I guess celebrities are obsessed with the '70s, because Yara Shahidi also went boho at Comic-Con in San Diego, California. We could easily wear this outfit all summer long.  Who: Margaret Qualley When:  July 22, 2019 Wearing: Prada Why: Crystals and fishnet don't usually go together, but Margaret Qualley made it happen at the premiere of Once Upon A Time...In Hollywood. We can't thank her enough for inspiring our next girls' night out look.  Who: Beyoncé When: July 14, 2019 Wearing: Cong Tri Why: It's safe to say that if Beyoncé steps out on a red carpet, she's making our best dressed list. We barely noticed her interaction with actual royalty London, England premiere of her upcoming film The Lion King, because this gilded dress is fit for the queen that she is. Yes, for the second week in a row, she wins best dressed of the week. Who: Diane Kruger  When: July 18, 2019 Wearing: Prabal Gurung Why: According to the runway, '80s power shoulders are taking over this Fall and Diane Kruger is getting a head start. She smartly balanced out the top-heavy look with a cinched belt and sneakers.  Who: Gigi Hadid  When: Michael Kors Collection Wearing: July 16, 2019 Why: We love everything about Gigi Hadid's summery look at a New York City event celebrating Michael Kors' latest fragrance, but zoom in on her purse: It's a freaking shell, and we need one ASAP.  Who: Adwoa Aboah  When: July 15, 2019  Wearing: Molly Goddard Why: A floral dress and comfy sneakers is our ideal summer outfit, and Aboah nailed the look at an event in London, England.  Who: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley When: July 13, 2019 Wearing: Versace, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes Why: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley looks poured into this optical illusion gown. She wore this white hot look to the premiere of Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw in Hollywood, California.  Who: Florence Kasumba When: July 14, 2019 Wearing: David Tlale Why: Florence Kasumba is a style star on the rise, if this statement at the European premiere of The Lion King is any indication. Her outfit's volume, silhouette, and print is a feast for the eyes.  Who: Blue Ivy Carter and Beyonce Knowles-Carter  When: July 09, 2019 Wearing: Custom Alexander McQueen Why: The only thing better than Beyoncé swimming in crystals is Beyoncé matching her daughter Blue Ivy swimming in crystals. Our heart can barely handle their coordinating set, so we'll keep this short and let you soak them in. Oh, and if it wasn't obvious enough, they win best dressed of the week.   Who: Tessa Thompson  When: July 08, 2019 Wearing: Ralph Lauren Why: A white, slouchy '80s suit is a perfect yet unexpected outfit to wear to Wimbledon, so we're not surprised Tessa Thompson is the genius behind the look. She consistently tops our style list, and we can't wait to imitate her ASAP.  Who: Elle Fanning  When: July 10, 2019 Wearing: Celine Why: Is Elle Fanning's hair literally blowing in the wind? Her shimmering gown at the ESPY Awards in Los Angeles, California is heavenly, so we wouldn't be surprised if a host of angels went around fanning her.  Who: Emily Ratajkowski  When: July 09, 2019 Wearing: The Row blazer, Khaite shorts, Inamorata top, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, Hayward purse Why: We would never have predicted this, but capri pants are officially back. It's all thanks to Emily Ratajkowski at the WrapWomen Power Women event in NYC.  Who: Gabrielle Union  When: July 10, 2019 Wearing: Raisa and Vanessa, Jimmy Choo shoes, Judith Leiber purse Why: We didn't know the ESPY Awards was BYOB, but we're happy to report that Gabrielle Union and her cheeky, goblet-shaped miniaudiere came prepared. Can a red carpet outfit get more fun than this?  Who: Donald Glover  When: July 09, 2019 Wearing: Davi Paris, Etro shoes Why: More men should wear florals, and Donald Glover is proof that they should. That is all. 
 The only thing better than investing in a designer bag is finding one at a discount. But the problem is brands like Louis Vuitton historically do not mark down their products (in order to control the value of their goods), and you'll rarely find a Chanel bag on clearance in a Chanel store. The loophole? Buy it secondhand. We know, we know, while this seems like an obvious, sustainable solution, the task can be daunting.  The fear of being scammed is real: "super fakes" or "triple-A fakes" are almost indistinguishable from authentic luxury goods, and even a pair of trained eyes can be confused by their quality.  As scary as that sounds, the best you can do is shop smart. So we spoke to experts in the field to help you navigate your search for a dream bag, including where to shop from and helpful tips on how to avoid being duped.  Celebrating the opening of a new #HandbagHeaven on the West Coast with our favorite LA locals. Thank you @missanti_ for visiting our latest Arcadia location at Westfield Santa Anita. A post shared by  Rebag (@rebagofficial) on May 9, 2019 at 2:34pm PDT "Researching is the key to making a successful secondhand purchase," says Charles Gorra, CEO and founder of Rebag. "If you don’t have dozens of tabs open on your web browser, then it’s possible you haven’t done enough research." He suggests checking out blogs and forums for peer-to-peer reviews and cross-comparing resale sites to assure prices are legit. Remember the age-old adage: if it's too good to be true—i.e. the bag costs way below its resale market value—it probably is.   These tend to have "listings that give a lot of information about the bag and that offer images from many angles" and  "sellers that are responsive and willing to give more information," Gorra suggests. You're looking for complete transparency for the seller, because they should have nothing to hide. Sasha Skoda, head of women's at The RealReal agrees. "If you’re investing in a luxury handbag, you want to be positive you’re buying from a legitimate source that authenticates bags and has an authenticity guarantee," she says. "Make sure you’re clear on the site or seller’s return policy, so you know what your options are if something is off."   Ceci n’est pas une baguette. ⁠ -⁠ Shop all totes at #therealreal today. #linkinbio⁠ - Photographer: @hunterabrams A post shared by  therealreal (@therealreal) on Jul 20, 2019 at 6:00am PDT "You will get back a substantial ROI for a luxury brand, compared to an aspirational luxury brand." says Gorra. Chanel's Flap bags and Hermes Birkins are classic handbag styles because their superior quality makes them outlast others. Skoda shares the same sentiment, and noting "Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Hermes, Prada and Goyard are some of [The RealReal's] most popular handbag designers— and that demand translates into strong resale value for consignors."  When it comes to contemporary labels, you are more likely to get more bang for your buck. "If you’re hunting for a great deal, consider a style that speaks to you but is from a few seasons back (like the Loewe Puzzle Bag or The Row Hunting Bag) or bags from more emerging designers (we love Staud and Cult Gaia)," says Skoda.    The last option is going vintage. With brands like Dior dipping into their archives for inspiration and reissue iconic shapes like the Saddle, "the participation of brands in 'vintage revival' has resulted in the popularization of the original vintage pieces, thus increasing their resale value within the market," says Gorra. You're still on trend (because what's old is always new again) but at a fraction of the cost.  Now that you've had a quick 101 lesson on shopping secondhand, use your newfound knowledge to shop some of our favorite sites.  The idea behind Rebag is to refresh your wardrobe constantly. Offering more than fifty luxury brands, you'll find everything from hard-to-get Kelly bags to cooky Chanel bags you only saw on the runway. It's a candy store of designer goods where every item is examined by their in-house tea who inspect, vet, and approve all bags that are sold on Rebag..   Recently expanding from its sneaker roots (another insanely active re-sale marketplace) to include bags in its stock market-like format, this is where the hypebaes shop. Once you find a bag you love, you can place a bid below their asking price and wait for the seller to approve. It's similar to eBay's "make an offer" option vs. "buy it now." Based in San Francisco, this tech-first company is one of the most well-known resale sites. Exploring the consigned goods on The RealReal is all about spontaneous discovery, with offerings like handbags, clothing, and even home goods. Their brick and mortar stores are a playground of their funnest styles— their SoHo store has a secret Hermes vault filled to the ceiling with colorful Birkins.   Hermes $8,200 therealreal.com SHOP NOW Phillip Lim therealreal.com $75  SHOP NOW Loewe therealreal.com $1,695 SHOP NOW Christian Dior therealreal.com $1,825 SHOP NOW Vestiaire Collective is a community of over 3+ million users both buying and selling pre-owned items. Once you add to cart, the product goes through their team's rigorous authentication and quality control process to ensure that it's exactly what you expected and then will be sent to you.  If any issues occur and there are discrepancies about the product's description, they'll help you and the seller haggle the price down, too.  WGACA is one of Los Angeles and New York City's most beloved vintage store. It is frequented by celebs like Beyoncé and the Kardashians who love the brand's tight edit of well-kept Chanels, Guccis, and Saint Laurents of designers' pasts. It feels like shopping someone's personal closet of collector's items, all kept in pristine condition. Their high standards means you're getting your money's worth.  Founded in 1999, Fashionphile originally started off selling luxury items on eBay before they became the consignment giant they are today. You can buy and sell on their sleek site simultaneously, meaning you can use your credit to fuel your continuing fashion addiction. If you happen to be in California, their three real-life stores are not to be missed. They also partnered with Neiman Marcus, redefining the resale industry as an inclusive experience, dubbing their venture as a new strategy for "recommerce."  There's something new to look at every day over at Yoogi's Closet. The authenticating process involves sellers sending in bags, where they're examined, photographed, then placed on their site for you to shop. They are known for their top-notch customer service, so you can be certain you're in good hands.    
 We all remember Bag Borrow or Steal's iconic cameo in Sex and the City back in 2008, and the brand is still going strong over a decade later. While they still offer rental services (like the one Jennifer Hudson's character took advantage of), but you can opt to buy a bag straight out. 
 These dynamic duos prove that style runs in the family. On the street, backstage at runway shows, or on the red carpet, these stylish sisters are always on point. Here, some standout moments from the most fashionable siblings in Hollywood. Channeling '90s characters.  At Moschino's fall 2017 show. At the 2015 Vanity Fair Oscars party. At the 2015 Coachella Valley and Arts Festival. At the Topshop spring/summer 2018 show. At the wedding of Sam Woley-Cohen and Annabel Ballin in 2011. At the 2014 Chime for Change One-Year Anniversary event. At the 2015 Met Gala. At the 22nd annual SAG Awards. At the Anna Sui spring/summer 2017 show. At a private dinner for Alice + Olivia in 2011. At the launch for Gilt's House of Harlow 1960 home fragrance in 2014. At Balmain and Oliver Rousteing's after party for the 2017 Met Gala. At the 2017 Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art Of The In-Between Costume Institute Gala.  At the 2015 Grammy Awards. At the 2016 CFDA Fashion Awards. At the premiere of Valerian. At the 2015 Billboard Music Awards.  At Versace's spring/summer 2017 show. At the 2013 Primetime Emmy Awards. At the Yeezy Season 3 event in 2016. At the Vera Wang Fall 2016 fashion show.  At the Victoria's Secret fashion show. At Harper's Bazaar's ICONS By Carine Roitfeld event in 2016. At L'Agent by Agent Provocateur and Net A Porter's private dinner in 2013.  At the Mui Mui spring/summer 2018 show.  At the 74th Annual Golden Globes after party.  At the Yeezy Season 2 show in 2015.  At the TAG Heuer Monaco Party in 2015. At The Serpentine Gallery event in 2015. 
 I know what you're thinking: ELLE, you can't be serious. Anklets? Well, the answer is yes! The jewelry you loved in the '90s and '00s is officially back in style and we're kind of obsessed. Sure, at some point, they became the "trashy" style of jewelry (similar to the rise and fall of tongue and belly button rings) but designers are making beautifully restrained styles that you'll want to wear for the rest of your hot girl summer and beyond. Shop our favorites, ahead. 
 Forever 21 customers who ordered clothes online this week were furious to find something extra in their packages: Atkins bars. The fast fashion retailer has come under fire for sending the diet bars to its customers—most of whom were shopping the brand's plus-size offerings—as a "special promotion."  Unimpressed customers took to Twitter to share photos of the unsolicited Atkins bar sample that came with their online orders.   I went from a size 24 to 18, still a plus size girl, so I ordered jeans from @Forever21 Opened the package, when I looked inside I see this Atkins bar. What are you trying to Tell me Forever 21, I’m FAT, LOSE WEIGHT? do you give these to NON-PLUS SIZE WOMEN as well? pic.twitter.com/ds8kUTs7T7 Hey @forever21 do you include weightloss Atkin bars in all your shipments or just in the ones for ladies over 1X ?? pic.twitter.com/ldajPJ81NM  One Twitter user called Forever 21's offering a "wildly dangerous message" to send to its customers, adding, "Not only is it fat-shaming, it could also trigger people of all sizes who have EDs."  Apparently @Forever21 sends out Atkins bars with all of its orders, which sends a wildly dangerous message to ALL of its customers. Not only is it fatshaming, it could also trigger people of all sizes who have EDs. This is as dangerous as it is inappropriate. https://t.co/gPfr3jMUK4 Another called the brand's move "fat-phobic, insensitive, and harmful to everyone involved."  Forever 21 responded with a statement, writing, “From time to time, Forever 21 surprises our customers with free test products from third parties in their e-commerce orders. The freebie items in question were included in all online orders, across all sizes and categories, for a limited time and have since been removed. This was an oversight on our part and we sincerely apologize for any offense this may have caused to our customers, as this was not our intention in any way.” Though the brand claims the Atkins bars were sent to customers "across all sizes," the oversight remains a dangerous one for women of any size. Sending unsolicited diet bars to anyone could be a trigger for body dysmorphia and eating disorders, and all brands—especially those that target young women—should be aware of this. There is no room for "oversights" like this from fashion brands anymore.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 Once you start wearing good workout clothes, it's really hard to go back. Investment sportswear is a luxury, but one that makes a difference with every squat. Buying quality sportswear has changed my relationship with fitness and encourages me to break a sweat—yes, it's a fact that cute gym clothes makes you want to go to the gym. But spending $110 on a pair of leggings can be, like a burpee, a difficult task to wrap your mind around. Sure, fancy pants can make you feel like a fitfluencer doing naked yoga on an unmarked beach, but I try not to make a habit out of buying gym clothes that cost more than my membership.  That’s why, when I found Aerie leggings, the crushing weight of having to buy expensive activewear was lifted.  Dubbed the 'Move' leggings, they can handle everything from yoga to HIIT training.  Kicking back Sunday style with @nastasya_generalova in our Play Seamless High Neck Sports Bra & Move High Waisted 7/8 Legging. A post shared by  Aerie (@aerie) on Jan 13, 2019 at 6:00pm PST Unlike others, Aerie makes the perfect high-rise that meets your true waist. The fabric offers ample support that doesn't make you hyperaware of your thighs, but they are flexible enough that your movement is never restricted. These leggings are built to last; As a proud owner of thighs that touch, a year of regular use hasn't frayed the inner seams whatsoever.  Short girls that have an intimate knowledge of ankle bunching and tall girls who find most pairs masquerade as pedal pushers should rejoice, because they are offered in three different inseams. They have pockets, too.  If none of those qualifiers convince you, here's another reason to try them for size: they are currently 50 percent off, priced at $25. That costs less than one of those trendy workout classes you'll never return to, so stock up them today before they sell out. 
 It's that time of the year. The birds are chirping, the weather is sweltering, and fashion brands are teaming up with celebs for their Fall '19 campaigns. MCM tapped Billie Eilish for a moody series, Givenchy teamed up with Ariana Grade for a tongue-twisting #Arivenchy collaboration, and other top fashion brands are tapping even more of your favorite stars. Click through to see all the best campaigns, here. Featuring Kristen Noel Crawley. Featuring Billie Eilish Featuring Billie Eilish Featuring Billie Eilish Featuring Kate Moss Featuring Julia Cumming, frontwoman of the band Sunflower Bean Featuring Julia Cumming, frontwoman of the band Sunflower Bean Featuring Ariana Grande  Featuring Ariana Grande  Featuring Ariana Grande  Featuring Ariana Grande  Featuring Rita Ora Featuring Kendall Jenner Featuring model Binx Walton Featuring model Rianne Van Rompaey Featuring Julia Garner, Sadie Sink, and KiKi Layne Featuring Sadie Sink Featuring Will Smith
 What makes a genius? And why is the term often associated with insanity? According to Moncler, genius is defined as "an act of becoming, not a state, a victory nor a proclamation. Genius is born crazy, but it needs passion and perseverance to accomplish its own idea, as crazy as it may appear." To Moncler, geniuses need to be celebrated, so the luxury brand did just that with the launch of its 'Genius Is Born Crazy' campaign starring Will Smith and marking the actor's first-ever fashion campaign.  "The 'Genius is Born Crazy' campaign highlights the tensions and complexities within the mind of a genius, pushing beyond the scope and imagery of communication," the brand explained in a press release. "As a brand, Moncler’s strength lies in a sense of constant evolution, in the tension to surpass the limits of the ordinary." Shot by Tim Walker, Will Smith is photographed levitating in a seated pretzel-style position wearing a fire-engine red Moncler puffer, a white t-shirt and shiny silver pants. In classic Will Smith style, the multi-hyphenate shared his own behind-the-scenes video from his shoot and gave viewers a peek at his Moncler lewks, including the silver pants that were originally wide-leg before morphing into a drawstring ankle and black puffer two-piece set.   When I got the call from @Moncler that they wanted me to be THE FACE of a FASHION campaign I was like... “These jokaz must be CRAZY.” I’ve always dug their gear. So I listened to their ideas. Then I was like... “That might be GENIUS.” I started pondering the Relationship between Crazy & Genius and I got more & more intrigued. Real Dreamers ALWAYS get called Crazy! I started to wonder... “Are Geniuses born Crazy?! Or can we all get some? :-) #GENIUSISBORNCRAZY A post shared by  Will Smith (@willsmith) on Jul 22, 2019 at 5:57am PDT "When I got the call from @Moncler that they wanted me to be THE FACE of a FASHION campaign I was like... “These jokaz must be CRAZY.” I’ve always dug their gear. So I listened to their ideas. Then I was like... “That might be GENIUS,” he captioned the video. "I started pondering the Relationship between Crazy & Genius and I got more & more intrigued. Real Dreamers ALWAYS get called Crazy! I started to wonder... 'Are Geniuses born Crazy?! Or can we all get some? :-)'"
 Nordstrom's anniversary sale gives more reason to celebrate than most wedding anniversaries. Starting today, you can get over 50 percent off on products like Dior sun glasses, Tory Burch flats, and a perfect lace dress that has over 1,200 positive reviews. Don't feel overwhelmed but all the goodies, because we combed through hundreds of pages and narrowed the sale down to the very best steals. Click through for our faves. 
 Elizabeth Holmes is known for many things: A now-defunct blood testing company once valued at $9 billion, a possibly faked deep voice, and a signature look of bleached-blonde hair, Kohl-rimmed eyes, and, of course, a Steve Jobs-esque black turtleneck. Much like any exec who adopts a uniform, these pieces told a story about Holmes, one that added to an air of  confidence about her company, Theranos, and where it would be going in the future.   But ever since cracks in her supposed genius-veneer began to show (and the tech empire she spent years building subsequently came tumbling down) the mogul has done a fashion 180. Now a fixture on the courtroom scene, her style has softened, in favor of a new, less-tightly wound look. At a status hearing earlier this week, the reported newlywed wore a black crew-neck tank and   blazer, her now-highlighted locks in beachy waves.  Last month, during a pre-trail hearing in federal court in San Jose, Holmes—who faces fraud charges and up to 20 years in prison—donned a light grey blazer, teamed  with a dewy complexion and highlighted hair styled into large, ready-for-reality-television curls. She was almost unrecognizable, more Barbie doll than  beleaguered entrepreneur. One Twitter user even likened her new hair to, "child beauty pageant curls." What could her ping-ponging sartorial efforts mean? According to Tara Trask, a courtroom style expert and trial consultant who has worked with a number of high-profile female clients including Oprah Winfrey, the shift in appearance could certainly be a deliberate ploy to alter public opinion of the accused scammer. “I'm assuming what Elizabeth was thinking was, ‘Well, I'm going to soften my look,” Trask tells ELLE.com “I'm going to soften the way I appear to people. I want to appear more feminine, as if I need saving and maybe that'll get me out of this mess." The expert continues, “There's nothing wrong with cleaning up your act and trying to look more professional, but the swing makes it seem like she's thinking, ‘If I play to my feminine qualities, that's going to help me get out of this jam.’ ” Is it working? Trask believes the opposite—the strategy will backfire when her case goes to trial next summer. “First of all, the jurors will Google her,” she says. “The court tells them not to, but they will. They’ll see what she looked like before, and compare that to how she looks today. In my opinion, it almost looks like she's putting on costumes, which makes the jury question, ‘Who are you really? Which one is your true self?’” “It's pretty clear,” she adds, “that nobody who is a professional and nobody who does this for a living is advising Elizabeth [on her courtroom style].”   In high-profile cases, for better or for worse, a courtroom appearance can sometimes seem like a runway show. Paparazzi camp out in front of courthouses to capture photos, and a defendant's image often ends up as Internet fodder. Take, notorious grifter Anna Sorokin, who recruited former Glamour magazine staffer Anastasia Walker to select her trial outfits in March. At the time, Walker told ELLE.com that she was dressing the now-imprisoned criminal in Saint Laurent, Michael Kors, and Victoria Beckham because, “[trial] photographs can be saved, potentially, forever." Walker was right, it didn't take long for Sorokin’s looks to garner  their own Instagram account. And, let's not forget about that infamous white Kimberly Ovitz dress Lindsay Lohan wore while pleading not guilty to stealing a necklace in 2011. "Lindsay Lohan's Courtroom Outfit Inappropriate?" read one CBS News headline. (“what i wear to court shouldnt be front page news. it’s just absurd,” she tweeted in response.) Just last week, Cardi B responded to a New York Post article likening her appearance at the Queens Supreme Court in a two-toned designer suit from Barneys to a "glamorous red-carpet photo op, dressing—and preening—for the eyes of a worldwide audience." In a since-deleted Instagram video, the rapper vented: "Where am I supposed to get my suits from bro?! H&M?! I don’t dress inappropriate when I go to court. I dress like a f–king lady.”  Can you be sued for looking this good? We’ll let you be the judge of that. @iamcardib in our exclusive @brogger suit. #iSpyBNY A post shared by  Barneys New York (@barneysny) on Jun 27, 2019 at 12:24pm PDT Scrutiny over courtroom style is exactly why Trask suggests a defendant take every precaution to avoid drawing attention to themselves. “An outfit really just needs to be appropriate for the setting," she explains. "And you need to look nice, but it shouldn't be memorable. If it's memorable, it was probably too much."  Before a big case, Trask  sits down with her clients to go over their appearance, suggesting handbags without logos for women, paired with dresses or pantsuits in muted colors like gray, charcoal, and navy. It’s always better, she adds, to wear a blouse over a starched Oxford. “It can look too severe,” she explains. “You want to look professional and you want to look like you're paying deference to where you are. A scarf or a blouse gives an outfit the perfect slight feminine twist.”  Hair should generally be pulled back from the face and look clean. In fact, according to Trask, the more natural it looks, the better.   “If I had a client that had so many photographs and things out there in the world that could be seen, I would never suggest a 180 in style of this degree,” says Trask.  “It makes a jury question, ‘Who are you, which one are you?’ Then, it can lead a jury think, ‘Well, if you're neither one, then who are you really?’ ”  
 Whether she's wearing a Grace Kelly-esque dress or a unicorn-covered gown, Margot Robbie is never not chic. Here, all her best looks. In Derek Lam at the photo call for Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. At the Chanel Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2020 show in Paris. In Chanel at the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood Cannes Film Festival photo call. In Chanel at the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood Cannes Film Festival premiere. In Chanel at the Chanel Pre-Oscars dinner in Beverly Hills. In Chanel Haute Couture at the BAFTA Awards in London. In Rodarte at the Mary Queen of Scots premiere in London. At Chanel's Métiers d'Art show in New York City. In Chanel at the Peter Rabbit premiere in Sydney. In Chanel couture with Jimmy Choo shoes at the Vanity Fair Oscar after party. In Versace alongside Tonya Harding at the Los Angeles premiere of I, Tonya. In Valentino while making her first appearance since getting married (and showing her wedding ring) at Marie Claire's Image Maker Awards 2017 at Catch LA in Los Angeles.  In Gucci with Cartier jewelry at the London premiere of Suicide Squad.  In Alexander McQueen at the New York premiere of Suicide Squad. In Rosetta Getty while out in New York City. In Altuzarra while out in New York City. In Gucci while out in New York City. At the Suicide Squad Wynwood Block Party and Mural Reveal in Miami. In Monse and Louis Vuitton boots at Comic-Con in San Diego. In Prabal Gurung and Gianvito Rossi heels at The Legend of Tarzan premiere in Beijing. In Miu Miu and Messika jewelry at The Legend Of Tarzan premiere in London. In Calvin Klein and carrying a Gucci bag while out promoting The Legend of Tarzan in London. In Proenza Schouler kitten heels during a photocall for the film The Legend Of Tarzan in London. In Thakoon and gold Gucci mules on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live!. In Gucci and Jimmy Choo shoes at the Hollywood premiere of The Legend Of Tarzan. In Calvin Klein and Tiffany & Co. jewels at the Met Gala in New York. In Isabel Marant at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. In Alexander McQueen at the MTV Movie Awards in Burbank. In Valentino, Jimmy Choo shoes, and Repossi jewlry at the premiere of Whiskey Tango Foxtrot in New York City. On the 'Tonight Show' with Jimmy Fallon in a black, strapless, cut-out jumpsuit and black pointed-toe pumps.
 See her style evolution, from the Bronx to Hollywood. Whether in Versace or Zuhair Murad, J.Lo knows how to make a statement on the red carpet and off. See all the singer's most glamorous outfits. In Ralph Lauren Collection at the CFDA Fashion Awards in Brooklyn. In Zuhair Murad at the Vanity Fair Oscars after party in Los Angeles. In Tom Ford at the 2019 Oscars. In a yellow dress while out in Miami. In a Versace one-shouldered silver dress at the 2018 MTV VMA Awards. In Balmain at the 2018 Met Gala. In a Zuhair Murad dress, Jimmy Choo shoes, and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry at the Time 100 Gala in New York City. Out in New York City during NBC Upfronts. Celebrating her birthday in Zuhair Murad and Brian Atwood sandals at Nobu Villa in Las Vegas.  At the screening Of 'Ice Age: Collision Course'  in Los Angeles wearing a white lace dress and pointed toe pumps.  Out in Soho wearing a C/MEO Collective dress and pink suede pumps.  At the Television Academy Event for NBC's 'Shades Of Blue' in North Hollywood wearing a pink lace-chested jump suit and pointed toe pumps. Out in Midtown Manhattan wearing a plunge-neck yellow body-con dress and a matching duster with black pumps. At the NBC Universal Upfronts in New York City wearing a white cut-out turtle neck mini-dress and pumps.  At the SAG-AFTRA Foundation for 'Shades Of Blue' in Los Angeles, wearing a nude turtle neck dress and matching pumps. At The Daily Front Row 'Fashion Awards' 2016 in West Hollywood, California wearing a white tweed tie-neck dress and white pointed toe pumps. Arriving at ABC's 'The View' in New York City wearing a beaded black coat and leather over-the-knee boots. Out  in New York wearing a grey fur collared coat and black pumps. At The 'American Idol XV' finalists event in West Hollywood wearing a red beaded plunge-neck jumpsuit and red pointed toe pumps. Wearing a grey and black lined lace dress and black strappy sandals on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. At the Winter TCA Tour in Pasadena, California. At InStyle and Warner Bros. 73rd Annual Golden Globe Awards Post-Party in Beverly Hills, California. In canary Giambattista Valli Haute Couture dress at the 73rd Annual Golden Globe Awards in Beverly Hills, California. At 2015 American Music Awards in Los Angeles, California. In Balmain gown and belt at Olivier Rousteing & Beats Celebration in Los Angeles, California. In peach Christian Siriano skirt and shirt at the UN Foundation's Gender Equality Discussion in New York City. In black see-through Bao Tranchi dress at her birthday celebration at 1OAK Southampton in Southampton City. At the American Theatre Wing's 69th Annual Tony Awards.  At the 2015 Billboard Music Awards.  At the 2015 Billboard Latin Music Awards. 
 If you get as excited about scarfing down a Taco Bell taco as do when you buy a pair of sunglasses, I have some news for you: Taco Bell is releasing its own line of sunnies.  Hear me out: Taco Bell is teaming up with Diff Charitable Eyewear, a company that helps to "give the gift of sight" by offering eye exams, glasses, medicine or surgery to someone in need, for a five-piece collection of fresh, summer styles. The collection includes quirky designs like Diff's signature Sawyer glasses—with blue-light technology to protect eyes from the damaging effects of too much screen exposure—which have been updated with Taco Bell's hot sauce packet print (or you can keep it simple with the black version). Or take your #HotGirlSummer up a notch with the Luka sunnies that actually have "Hot" written on each eye.    “You know the feeling when you pull your first taco or crunch wrap out of the bag, pour an entire packet of hot sauce all over it, and close your eyes as you take your first bite?” DIFF co-founder Chad Jernigan told Bustle. “That incredible tingly feeling is something that a huge percentage of the US population can relate to. When we were looking for a partner to make a big splash with this summer, Taco Bell constantly came up as a brand that is both energetic and free spirited, and perfect for this collection." The collection is priced between $85-95 and is available for purchase now at Diff Eyewear's official site. Shop the full collection below.
  She may have been Queen Elizabeth's younger sister, but the Princess's style was second to none.  Take a look back at Princess Margaret's iconic style from her most over-the-top tiaras to her iconic wedding gown. Princess Margaret in the garden at Windsor during the summer of 1941. She turned 11 that summer. Princess Margaret, seated and wearing a multi-colored dress and holding a straw hat. The Princess sits for a royal portrait in 1944, wearing a formal evening dress with sequined butterflies around the shoulder, and holding two pink roses. Princess Margaret Rose at Buckingham Palace on her 17th birthday, August 20, 1947.  Princess Margaret, with the Lord Mayor of Bristol, is greeted by the Cadet Guard of Honor on March 28, 1949 in Bristol. Princess Margaret, wearing a lace dress and long gloves, receives a flower bouquet in 1949. Princess Margaret performed the ceremony of the re-opening of the Women's Resident Training college for elementary school teachers at Avery Hill, Etham in 1949. The Princess poses in an ornate pink gown in 1949. Princess Margaret watches a Royal Air Force display at Farnborough in 1950, wearing more casual attire. Princess Margaret attends the premiere of the film Captain Horatio Hornblower at the Warner Theatre Leicester Square on April 12, 1951. Princess Margaret speaks at a St. John's Ambulance Brigade Rally in 1953. Princess Margaret following a performance of Guys and Dolls. Princess Margaret wearing a bright yellow dress and matching hat during her 1955 tour of the Caribbean. Princess Margaret opts for a stunning hat and sunglasses at the Kingston races during the Royal Tour of the Caribbean 1955. Princess Margaret sports a feathered blue hat, pearls, and patterned dress during her royal tour of East Africa in 1956. The Princess dons a leopard coat at the Badminton Horse Trials with Mary, the Princess Royal in 1957.  Princess Margaret dances with Jackie Toaduff at a 1958 ball hosted by the English Folk Dance and Song Society. The Princess wore a balloon-skirted dress decorated with bows.  Princess Margaret and her new husband Antony Armstrong-Jones leave Westminister Abbey after their wedding on May 6, 1960. Princess Margaret arrives at the Strowger Works in Liverpool, wearing a purple coat, green dress, and matching hat. Princess Margaret wears a fur wrap, a ruffled pink dress, and dramatic jewelry to the premiere the movie The Alamo at the Astoria in London on October 27, 1960. Princess Margaret, in an orange gown, stands with Sweden's Prince Bertil, Iran's Prince Golam Reza Pahlevi, and Italy's ex-queen Marie Jose at the civil wedding ceremony for Belgium's King Baudoin and Fabiola on January 1, 1961. The Princess  attends a Royal Command Film Performance in 1961, sporting a fur wrap, a blue gown, and plenty of jewels. Princess Margaret attends a wedding at Westminster Abbey in 1962 Princess Margaret waves to the crowd during a visit to Jamaica. Here, she's attending a ceremony marking the independence of the former British colonies on August 8, 1962 in Jamaica. Princess Margaret wearing the Poltimore Tiara (and a perfectly coordinated hairdo) drives into Buckingham Palace for a state banquet 1962.  Princess Margaret wears an extravagant hat in 1963. Princess Margaret and Lord Snowdon arrive at the Hilton Hotel in London. The Princess is wearing a cerise and gold gown and a brown mink stole. Princess Margaret and Sir Roger Makins at the opening of new halls of residence at Imperial College in 1963. Princess Margaret at a gala preview for A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum. The event was in support of The National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Princess Margaret wearing an eighteenth Century ballgown and a wig to the Georgian Ball, a charity event in aid of the Friends of St. John's at the Mansion House in London, on July 1, 1964. 
From: Town & Country US

 Hint: yellow and white stripes.   Rick Owens. Valentino. Some of fashion's biggest names have collaborated with Birkenstock of late. And the latest linkup comes not from a designer, but from a fashion insider: Marie-Louise Sciò, the hotelier behind Il Pellicano.  You might have glimpsed its signature yellow-and-white-striped towels on Instagram, but the property predates the era of the double tap. Built in the 1960s, it was immortalized in Slim Aarons photos of guests living the good life and today draws fashion royalty such as Juergen Teller and Margherita Missoni.  Now Sciò herself is delving into the industry with a vacation-perfect collaboration between the hotel and Birkenstock, featuring dressed-up styles in satin and raffia. (She has been wearing Birks for 20 years, since before their recent elevation to chicness.) She wears them, she says, "literally all day long, and all night long. I think they are genuinely quite versatile. And that was the idea, to create something that you can put in your suitcase when you travel, to just have a flat shoe that is comfortable and looks good."   The collection is called Il Dolce Far Niente, in honor of the time-honored Italian tradition of chicly loafing around. (It translates literally to "the sweetness of doing nothing.") The idea for the project came to Sciò three years ago, "but it was like [with] trips. There was a bucket list of things that I wanted to do." Eventually, she got in touch with the company and made her pitch: for sandals made in different types of materials, that could work for her formal evenings at the hotel and for more casual daytime affairs. Birkenstock CEO Oliver Reichert says the linkup makes perfect sense, as both the brand and the hotel are "two family businesses with a strong heritage. The unique style of the hotel was merged with an idea of a dream Birkenstock designed by Marie-Louise Sciò," he says, resulting in "a next-level product to be worn day and night." For Sciò, the heritage was part of the appeal. "They’re a company that is very timeless. What they do transcends trends or fashion, although they’ve become fashionable. But it was really out of me wearing them all the time that it happened." Our pick? The luxe silk-satin pair, perfect for Tuscan coast nights. 
 Our constantly updated gallery of the singer's chicest style.  From decadent Marchesa dresses to Versace power suits, Selena Gomez can wear it all, flawlessly. Flip through the singer's every best outfit. Wearing a blue and white button-down Chanel dress for her appearance on Live With Kelly and Ryan. Wearing an orange and green striped top, skirt, and jacket while grabbing dinner in Chelsea.  Wearing a multicolored sequined dress by THE Marc Jacobs during her appearance on The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon. Wearing a black velvet pajama set to the after party for The Dead Don't Die. Wearing a feathered Celine dress and Cartier jewels to the New York City premiere of The Dead Don't Die. Wearing a Louis Vuitton bustier and skirt combo with Bulgari jewels to the Cannes premiere of The Dead Don't Die. Wearing a black and white polka dotted wrap dress to The Hollywood Reporter's Empowerment In Entertainment Event in Los Ange, California. Wearing a black leather jacket and red gingham print pants while out in New York City. Wearing a lilac slip dress to Coach's  Host Meet + Greet at The Grove in Los Angeles, California. Wearing a Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers t-shirt, with a high-slit red skirt. Wearing double denim on St. Patrick's Day. Wearing a Selena Quintanilla shirt while out in Calabasas, California. Out in Los Angeles. In Roberi & Fraud sunglasses while out shopping at  Barneys New York in Beverly Hills. In a Topshop jacket while out in New York City. MOTO Fitted Borg Denim Jacket, Topshop, $100. BUY HERE Wearing a sweatshirt emblazoned with the words, "I FEEL LOVE." Billboard's Woman Of The Year photoshoot is released, and Selena wears a black Mugler satin trim jumpsuit. Wearing a Madewell sweater and jeans, while arriving on a date with Justin Bieber at Morton's Steak House in Los Angeles. In Jacquemus at the InStyle Awards in Los Angeles. Leaving her NY apartment. Out in NYC.  Out in NYC. Out in NYC.  Out in New York City. Arriving at the Sony Studios in Los Angeles. Out in Los Angeles promoting "Bad Liar". Out in New York City. At LAX. In Brock Collection at WE Day California in Inglewood, California.
 Stock up on LBDs and dresses for the rest of summer.  Between Amazon Prime Day and Nordstrom’s Anniversary Sale, no one’s credit cards are safe from the influx of sales this week. But I regret (not really) to inform you and your wallet that there’s one more sale to add to the list—and it’s a BIG one. Rent the Runway's seasonal online sample sale starts today and it features designer pieces up to 80% off. From Tibi to Opening Ceremony, and LoveShackFancy, there's a crop of It brands to shop for way less. Whether you're looking for cocktail dresses, sundresses, looks for upcoming weddings, or a new LBD, these are the pieces to scoop up from the RTR sale before they sell out. Original retail price: $495  The ring detail will make this sexy LBD stand out from the rest of your collection.  Original retail price: $375  Wear it with white sneakers or sandals, but either way this gingham dress will be your go-to for the rest of summer.  Original retail price: $295 A last-minute summer addition to your dress collection—this little white dress works for the office and the weekend.  Original Retail Price: $255  If you haven't tried this Insta-favorite brand yet, now's your chance to get the look for way less.  Original retail price: $550 A little black dress that's anything but boring.  Original retail price: $965 A vintage-inspired midi dress for your next evening event.  Original retail price: $877 Whether you're going to brunch or a summer wedding, this asymmetrical floral dress makes for a fresh look.  Original retail price: $179 One of summer's hottest color's, bright orange, looks best in midi dress form. Original retail price: $150 Dress it up or dress it down, the white stitching makes this LBD stand out.  Original retail price: $395 A little white dress that works in every season. Original retail price: $1,980 A flattering, pleated dress to keep in your collection for last minute cocktail parties or backup wedding guest attire.  Original retail price: $325 Your summer wardrobe needs this slip dress. Just add a pair of white sneakers and go.  Original retail price: $395 A smart find to add to your work wardrobe.  Original retail price: $195 You never know when you're going to need an elegant red cocktail dress for an impromptu soiree.  Original retail price: $495 The perfect summer office dress.  Original retail price: $395 A cherry print dress to give your summer wardrobe a little boost halfway through the season. Original retail price: $695 A chic navy hue for when you need a break from all your LBDs. Plus, the ruffles make this form-fitting dress even more flattering.  Original retail price: $475 Take a break from your go-to blue denim jacket for this floral iteration on the wardrobe classic. Original retail price: $1,585 The perfect wedding guest gown to keep in your closet for future events.  Original retail price: $595 Wear it with sneakers or sandals, to the office or your weekend parties. Original retail price: $595 Sometimes less is more. That's definitely the case with this Jason Wu pleated tank dress that can be dressed up with heels or down with sneakers.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 Alex Bossi's Bossi Sportswear gives well-loved classics a second life.  “It’s important to own where you’re from,” says designer Alex Bossi. For him, that’s East Boston, where he recently returned to live in his family’s auto body shop after years spent working all over the world. His new digs became a source of inspiration for his fashion line, Bossi Sportswear, launching this summer at Maxfield in L.A., Riccardi in Boston, Pretty Box in Paris, and Le Gray in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. (Case in point: He adorns all the hardware on his clothes with iridescent coloring inspired by an oil slick.) The majority of the collection is produced at the legendary Sterlingwear of Boston factory, known for supplying peacoats to the U.S. Navy.    The 32-year-old wants his work to have the same staying power as those combat-ready jackets. Sustainability is also key, as in the upcycled Hawaiian shirts he fuses with vintage Harley-Davidson logos. Rappers Travis Scott and Saint Jhn have already snapped up pieces from his collection.  Calling Boston home is unusual for a designer, but Bossi hasn’t followed the usual career path. He’s been a nightclub doorman, has redesigned the logo for L.A.’s TCL Chinese Theatre, and has worked as an art director for hotels (New York’s Gansevoort and London’s The Curtain) and as a concept designer for Amiri, pooling the proceeds to self-fund his line. Even more unusually, he doesn’t use social media to promote his brand, because, he says, he’s not interested in short-lived hype. Instead, his Instagram serves as a moodboard of inspirational photos from his past—including a shot of his mom, whom he calls “the most famous woman in [my] life.” (He printed the image on a neon-pink T-shirt, at left, in tribute.) Who could be a more fitting muse for a hometown boy made good?   Photographed by Lia Clay. Styled by Ronald Burton. Hair by Dana Boyer for R+CO; Makeup by Yuui vision for Hourglass Cosmetics; manicure by Nori for Chanel beauty; models: Dominique Babineaux at Heroes Models and Kendall Harrison at DNA Models
 If you haven't noticed, Billie Eilish is having a great July and we're only halfway through the month. After teaming up with her idol Justin Bieber for the "Bad Guy (Remix)," the pop princess is now the face of MCM's fall/winter 2019 campaign, the first campaign from Dirk Schönberger, MCM's new global creative director.  "For me she’s a bit of a role model for younger generations, even though she would probably hate the word,” Schönberger told WWD. “I’ve seen her play concerts and she tells her fans to be themselves without holding back.” Photographed by Lea Colombo, Eilish stays true to her signature style by layering an oversized cream and red MCM tracksuit over a white shirt with the MCM logo written around the neck, and MCM's classic brown monogram bucket hat and fanny pack draped over one shoulder.  Elsewhere in the campaign, Eilish wears an oversized black sweatsuit with red strap on the wrist of the hoodie and on ankle of the pants, paired with a bubblegum pink MCM beanie hat.  "I like to glorify the things that make people uncomfortable," Eilish says in the promo clip posted to MCM's official socials. It's Billie's approach to everything—fashion, music, etc.—that has made her the voice of Gen Z and a perfect match for MCM's aesthetic.  
   COMING SOON #MCMAW19 A post shared by  MCM (@mcmworldwide) on Jul 17, 2019 at 4:21am PDT “This is such a strong message at a time where uniformity is somehow on the rise,” Schönberger added. “She’s a game-changer: Not only is she disruptive, but it also feels like she can’t be corrupted. It’s not a marketing trick: She is that person. She really stands out in the current music scene.” 
 On a recent visit to Beacon's Closet, a New York-based resale shop, I sifted through racks of old, pit-stained Zara tops and vintage—read: flammable—polyester dresses, aimlessly shopping for nothing in mind. I often prowl secondhand stores in hopes of scoring underpriced designer goods, with a strong success rate of about 65 percent (a percentage I completely made up, but I once found an authentic Prada bag for $25, just saying). I'm a used clothing veteran with a high-tolerance for sloppy seconds, so when I spotted a vintage Emilio Pucci swimsuit for $30 it was a no brainer. But to others, it was downright nasty.  For reference, a brand new Pucci suit typically retails over $500. According to the math, I'm getting a 94 percent discount just by purchasing a gently worn suit. The gross out-factor involved with wearing something that once touched another person's lady parts seems to disturb many, but for me (and Kylie Jenner, who wore a vintage bathing suit that premiered on the Chanel runway—on Naomi Campbell, no less—over 25 years ago) it's all good. Curious as to whether these suits could actually cause me any harm, I reached out to Dr. Lauren Streicher, an OBGYN and clinical professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Northwestern University.   summer lovin’ A post shared by  Kylie ♥️ (@kyliejenner) on Jul 15, 2019 at 10:40am PDT  "It’s more of an ick factor than a true health factor,” Dr. Streicher says. According to her, the chances of catching an STD or STI from a used bathing suit is unlikely. "When something is sexually transmitted it's because it’s transmitted directly from one person to another person, not because you got it from a toilet seat or from a sheet in a hotel. Otherwise everyone would have STIs." An obvious health class reminder—similar to the idea you can't get pregnant from sitting in a hot tub. Another reason to consider shopping used swimwear: It supports a zero-waste lifestyle. Sustainably speaking, eco-friendly swimwear is a complicated subject. Since no one wants to hit the pool in a cotton one-piece, swimsuits are typically made from synthetic textiles like polyester and nylon i.e. microplastics. According to the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources, a half-million metric tons of microplastics enter the ocean from the washing these fabrics. Brands like Reformation and Madewell are curbing their carbon footprint by producing suits made from recycled plastic, but you can double down with a vintage swimsuit (and by washing your clothes in a Guppyfriend bag that reduces the amount of microbeads that enter the water).  If you are still perturbed by the practice, shop at resale sites like The RealReal who uphold a high standard of quality control. "We typically only accept swimwear that is in pristine condition, meaning it's new, with the tags still attached," said Sasha Skoda, head of womenswear at TRR. The rule, however, gets waived for really good designer items, like Jenner's Chanel suit. "We do make exceptions for one-of-a-kind collector's items, like vintage Dior or an amazing Gucci, as we see higher demand for really special pieces. These unique pieces still have to meet our general condition standards, but we do accept them at lower condition levels than pristine." That's better than buying a bikini from your local thrift store. But even if you were so brave (*raises hand*), a good wash should do the trick to keep you safe. It's mind over matter.   
 Hate to interrupt your Hot Girl Summer, but these fall essentials are going to sell out fast.  It's time to take a short break from your Hot Girl Summer to think ahead to your fall wardrobe. I know, I know, it's 90 degrees and nobody wants to talk about boots or coats yet, but Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale is officially upon us—which means that Fall 2019's hottest pieces are on sale now before their full-price season even starts.  From the perfect leather boots to blazers, knitwear, and a fresh crop of bags, the annual sale is full of all the essentials for your fall wardrobe. Currently, all Nordstrom cardholders can shop the Early Access sale exclusively through Thursday, July 18. On Friday, July 19, the sale opens to those without Nordstrom cards and will be available to shop through August 4 (then, the prices go back up). Scroll down to shop all our favorites before they sell out.  Original price: $225 Available in six color options (including an on-trend snake print and stark white), these are your new go-to boots for fall and winter.  Original price: $895 A cozy wrap coat that will get you all the compliments.  Original price: $98 Upgrade your denim collection for fall with these ultra high-waisted jeans with just the right amount of flare.  Original price: $98 Though the matching jacket sadly already sold out, this snakeskin mini is practically begging to be worn with a black turtleneck and boots all fall long.  Original price: $458 The perfect hue to top off all your fall looks.  Original price: $595 This two-tone belted blazer is your new wardrobe MVP for the office. Wear it with jeans, trousers, or a pencil skirt.  Original price: $102 Nothing says fall quite like a pair of leather leggings. Available in plus sizes here too.  Original price: $148 An oversized turtleneck you'll want to wear every day this season.  Original price: $250 Whether you're into the tan suede, red croc, or black leather, these boots are the perfect heel and shaft height to wear with all your favorite fall and winter looks. Original price: $278 Add a bit of croc to your fall bag collection with this round crossbody.  Original price: $188 Whether you're wearing it over activewear or a jeans and tee, this cozy faux shearling is an effortless way to look instantly cool. Original price: $425 Do you need a red leather snakeskin skirt in your life? Of course you do.  Original price: $570 Two of the seasons top jewelry trends combined in one necklace. What's not to love? Original price: $168 Utility jackets were one of the biggest outerwear trends on the Fall 2019 runways. Get a head-start on the look with this neutral cargo look.  Original price: $49 If you haven't tried the bike short trend yet, now's the time to shop it.  Original price: $495 A fur chubby that will make all your looks instantly glam as soon as the temperatures begin to drop. Original price: $29 Need a break from your go-to hoops? Try this oval-shaped pair done in antique-inspired gold.  Original price: $249 Cozy up with an oversized cardigan—you'll thank us later this fall. Original price: $528 In need of a new work bag for fall? This Tory Burch caryall is the perfect size for your laptop—and it comes in three different colors.  Original price: $425 Wear it with boots and you've got a look that works for the office or out to dinner.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 If there’s one thing Lululemon and Barry’s Bootcamp, two of the leading names in the premium fitness world, know how to do, it’s build a community around their product. One walk around the city and you'll instantly spot lovers of both brands simply based not only on what they're wearing, but also how they carry themselves. Today, July 17, these two communities become one with the release of their Lululemon x Barry’s Bootcamp capsule collection.  The Stronger as One collection, a range that has enough ventilation and quick-drying fabric to keep you dry and cool after taking your incline and speed up yet another notch on the treadmill, also looks good post workout. This is more than your favorite old t-shirt and leggings.  “ ‘Stronger as One’ represents the soul of this collection: community. To me, it is a reflection of both Lululemon and Barry’s deep community roots and represents how the whole is greater than the sum of its parts,” Audrey Reilly, senior vice president of women’s design at Lululemon tells ELLE.com.   A year in the  making, that synergy is apparent throughout the 30-piece range. Lululemon doesn’t just slap Barry’s Bootcamp logo on just any clothing piece—each detail is intentional. For instance, the collection is built around Barry’s signature red hue, a detail Reilly says she used because of how the color makes women feel.  “There is nothing more fierce or confident than wearing all red,” says the designer. “It is like that moment you put on your favorite red lipstick: it exudes femininity and a true confidence.  You’ll see pops of bold reds as well as softer hues like maroon and pink across the whole collection—the guest can decide how fierce she wants to be and the beauty of the lighter hues is they are still Lululemon DNA colors.” To put the new collection to the test I tried a Barry’s Bootcamp workout on NYC's Upper West Side. I opted for the Stronger as One tank and leggings in Midnight Maroon and popped my Barry’s Bootcamp cherry with a morning session before work. After 60 minutes of switching between floor workouts and treadmill exercises, the tank—made with a fast-absorbing fabric and a high-neck for added comfort and support—didn’t stick to my skin the way most “breathable knit” tanks do and sat right above my waist without rising. I expected to walk out a sticky, sweat-soaked mess and was pleasantly surprised to discover your girl was as dry as plantain chips—not a sweat stain in sight (can’t say the same for my hair, though.) “We knew [the wearer] wanted to feel powerful, confident, and held-in, so we ensured the collection had close-to-body styles that offer coverage where you need it,” Reilly explained. “There are technical solves throughout the collection so you can focus on the Barry’s experience instead of your gear. We made sure to incorporate features in the collection like sweat-wicking fabrics, mesh ventilation, and seam reduction for a no-distraction workout. Ultimately, we wanted to create a collection that stood for function, femininity, and fierce in style.” Standouts in the collection include the Stronger as One Tights in Ruby Red with mesh panels for breathable comfort, Stronger as One Cropped Hoodie in a dusty pink shade (for those crisp autumn morning runs), the Stronger as One biker shorts, and the Adapt the Strap Bra, which allows you to tighten or loosen up the adjuster in the front as you workout. Priced between $38 and $168, the collection also comes with slim-fit silhouettes and anti-odor technology for the fellas, as well as gym bags and hats.  The full Lululemon x Barry’s Bootcamp collection launches on July 23 here.  
 From Selena Gomez's sassy "ugly" barrette to Aubrey Plaza's creepy knife one, it doesn't take much for the right hair clip to make an instant statement...so it's no surprise they're everywhere on the runway and Instagram. Here, the best barrettes that will give your hair extra personality and fix any bad hair day fast. Bonus: they're all under $50, so perfect for those not ready to spend gobs of money trying out the trend. Pearl hair clips add an extra dose of preppy polish to any outfit. If Taylor Swift had to choose any barrette to wear during her Lover era, this would be it with all the color and rainbow. Toss on to give any look a little more joy.   Polished and versatile, these black and white patterned clips are serious enough for work but fun enough for happy hour.  For when you want to add a little star power to your look. Grab your initial (or initials) with these big letter bobby clips and literally declare your name in your hair. A feminine spin on a beloved '90s look. For when you're feeling self-aware of your icon status. Cover your basics with these bright, oversized hair clips. This pearl heart clip gives any outfit a girly edge. A mod twist on your typical millennial pink and white barrette. Neutral enough to match everything, dramatic enough to stand out with anything. 
 Under no circumstances should anyone ever call someone else cheap— but it could be something you call yourself every once in a while. After all, gift giving can add up! Alleviate some of that anxiety with our edit of presents that are far from chintzy. We've included jewelry boxes that look twice as expensive as they cost, chic home goods that will upgrade any home, plus other items we love, all under $30.  These coasters are too pretty to actually use, but she'll appreciate them anyway.  It's. So. Fluffy.  Jewelry will look so much prettier displayed in this.  It's not the holidays if you don't give or receive a camel sweater.  She'll be the girl with the pearl earring. But better.   This bag looks way more expensive than it is.  Mirror selfies require a really cute cell phone case.  One day they will finally commit to bullet journaling.   We all know one girl who would love this vase.  What's a bigger hostess flex than having individual guest soap like they're running a boutique hotel?  She'll be way more invested in commuting with coffee—and not buying one from Starbucks—if she owned this adorable travel mug.  Cowrie shells aren't just for beach days.  A PJ set is a must-have gift.  Cracking open a cold one is a little fancier with a Georg Jensen opener.  If you thought hanging a poster as art is only reserved for college students, these minimalist hangers will make you think again.  Customize a barrette with their initials or favorite word. You know you're in a fancy joint when you see Le Labo soap in the bathroom.  A face roller totally changes how someone approaches their skincare routine.  Dogs in clothes is a gift to all.  French presses are inherently chic, but this one takes the cake.  Make Drink & Draw a daily pleasure—not just a city excursion—with these artist-grade colored pencils.  Meditation is a proven way to reduce stress, and this cushion makes it so much easier to keep still and focused.  What's not to 'love' about these?  If your friend has been on the fence about menstrual cups, this will finally encourage her to try one.  Everyone loves a cheeky letter board.  For the friend who's been talking about starting a side hustle jewelry line for ages.  The world traveler will be obsessed with this.  A seasoned salt by celebrties' fave jewelry designer. Iced coffee should not cost $4 a serving. Nobody likes that feeling of a wet, cloth bath mat.
 Hurry, because the Duchess of Cambridge's shoes are a whopping 25% off right now. Kate Middleton may be the Duchess of Cambridge, but she is undoubtedly the Queen of casual wear. And now, thanks to a major sale happening for Amazon Prime Day, you can score one of her most iconic go-to staples, white Superga sneakers, for only $49. The tennis shoes are usually priced at $64.95, meaning select sizes are up to 35% off as part of the Amazon Prime Day deal extravaganza. Most recently, Kate was spotted wearing the classic sneaks at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show on May 20, but she's also sported them at the 2017 London Marathon and on her 2016 Royal Tour of Canada.   The shoes are 100% cotton and feature a lace-up vamp with silver-tone rivets. Just an FYI from Amazon reviewers: Supergas tend to run large, so consider sizing down. The good news is that they come in over twenty colors so the options are endless.  Worried about the shoes getting scuffed up? Superga notes that their Cotu styles can be easily washed if you throw them in a pillowcase and wash them on cool with powder detergent and leave them out to air dry. Problem solved.  Speaking of the Duchess's footwear, you should also note that Kate's other favorite athletic shoes — a.k.a. the New Balance Cruz Fresh Foam running shoes — are majorly discounted at the moment. Depending on your size, you can also score the navy shoes for $42, which is an impressive 53% discount.  Whether you decide to go with the Supergas or New Balance sneaks (or both), we're here to stress that you should snag your favorites ASAP. As with many royal fashion finds, these styles will likely sell out FAST once the rest of the internet gets wind of these discounts, so hurry! To shop more royal footwear Amazon sales (like Meghan Markle's adorable Muck rain boots), check out the links below. 
From: Good Housekeeping US

 When Daniëlle Cathari walks into second-hand stores and spots worn-in, vintage Adidas tracksuits, she see endless possibilities. During her third year as a fashion student at Amsterdam Fashion Institute, Cathari presented a collection complete with deconstructed Adidas tracksuits and posted her designs on Instagram, quickly catching the attention of VFiles, and later Adidas senior vice president Nic Galway—and Adidas’ legal team. Adidas could’ve taken legal action, but instead, brought Cathari on as a collaborator. The result? Three fast-selling collections of iconic Adidas styles remixed into hyper-feminine silhouettes...and Kendall Jenner as model and muse. Today, July 15, marks the fourth chapter of Cathari and Adidas’ love story with a 23-piece collection of her signature deconstructed styles, only this time Cathari is designing “streetwear, but more 'grown up,' for both women and men.  “I wanted to evolve the concept of deconstruction that is always a big influence for me, and also expand the range into slightly more mature silhouettes,” Cathari tells ELLE.com. “It was also important to us that this time we had unisex sizing options for the guys as there was a lot of interest from them with the first collection.” While the collection focuses on “communicating the concept of work from home dressing,” Cathari’s designs are ones you’ll want to show off. The '90s-reminiscent Firebird tracksuit is now a more pared down version of the wide-leg iteration she introduced in her debut collection and made of smooth, recycled tricot fabric. An asymmetrical Adidas’ three-stripe tape finishes the relaxed fit. As for workwear, Cathari solved our problems with a boxy blazer and loose-fitting trousers and shorts created with soft pique fabric. Unlike her first colorful drop, Cathari’s fourth Adidas collection is cut in muted, washed tones, including “soft vision”—a light mauve shade—”running white,” black, and gray, save for a pop of orange and red.  While Kendall Jenner serves as the muse for this collection, the love isn't one-sided. “She’s so talented, but even beyond that she is the sweetest," Jenner gushes about Cathari. "I’ve always really resonated with a lot of the same inspirations and references as her—the contrast between masculine and feminine, baggy and tight, old-school and modern." Adds the model, "She knows exactly what’s relevant for today, how we want to dress, and I think that’s why people have been so excited about her collections with Originals.” Also exciting people? The chance to dress a little like Jenner, whose street style looks inspired the collection. “When designing I thought about Kendall’s lifestyle—off-duty at fashion week, going to meetings and then straight to see friends, constantly traveling and at events, and having an outfit for every moment,” Cathari said. “I think there’s a way to dress for work but still in a cool, young way and I wanted to give a new kind of dressing option for that scenario with this collection.” The full Danielle Cathari x Adidas collection is available now on adidas.com. Shop some of our favorite pieces below.  
 It is an undisputed fact that hoop earrings make every outfit better. Attending a formal event? Add some massive hoop to channel your best self. Your work outfit looks way more polished with polished gold hoops. Even casual sweatpants look chic when you add a pair of hoops (as proven by Hailey Bieber’s entire existence.) But the thing with hoops is that a long lasting pair—the kind you could wear daily and own for a lifetime—is difficult to find without breaking the bank. We, too, are obsessed with Jennifer Fisher's iconic pair, but we’d be lying if we said we're not constantly search for a more affordable option.   Enter Amazon and their massive Prime Day sale, which has a sneaky chic section of  jewelry not to be ignored. We scoped a pair of 14k gold hoops starting at $40 that are almost too good to be true. At under $100 they are a no-brainer, wallet-friendly addition to your jewelry game that will not tarnish over time.  They're offered in a wide size range, so you can go for adorable huggies that are perfect for a curated ear party, or size up to a shoulder dangler that will make you feel like Rihanna. With an impressive 4.4/5 star rating, you can trust that you're getting way more than your money's worth with these.  Prime deals last from now until 3 p.m. EST on July 16, 2019, so act fast before they sell out. Everyone else might be scrambling to find the best tech deals (an iPad Pro is 30% off!), but the true steal are these 14k stunners putting the fine in fine jewelry. 
 Amazon Prime Day is here! From now until 3 p.m. EST on July 16, 2019 expect incredible deals on fashion, home, tech, and beauty items—like 32 percent off an entire Kindle set (yes, the newest version!) and a $6 pack of makeup blenders. If you're not a Prime member, sign up here, then shop our favorite deals, ahead. 
From: Marie Claire US

 The fashion designer is relaunching her line as local, sustainable, and super gorgeous.  For Tracy Reese, it’s been a minute. The American fashion star has been in the game for 35 years, first working with French couturier Martine Sitbon, then being hand-picked by Marc Jacobs to be the design director at Perry Ellis. (Yes, Reese was there for the beloved #grunge moment…) By 1998, she had her own womenswear label; five years later, it was making tens of millions in revenue. And then she stopped it all. “I needed to go back to my old-school roots,” says Reese, one of the CFDA’s first black female board members. And so she pressed pause in 2017, after regularly dressing Michelle Obama, Taylor Swift, and Oprah Winfrey. “I didn’t like what was happening with the production cycle—everyone wants their clothes fast and cheap, and that’s irresponsible. It causes real damage to our planet, to our economy, and to so many people. I wanted to be part of the design process again, from start to finish. And I wanted the cycle to slow the hell down.”   In a move ripe for a Netflix sitcom, Reese returned to her hometown of Detroit and began to set up her life—and her business—anew.  “It’s a super scary thing to pull out of the public eye,” Reese admits, “because in fashion, your identity is so connected to your brand. If it were five or ten years ago, I probably wouldn’t have done it, but at this point in my life—thankfully—I’m not super-concerned about what people think about me. And I’m one of those all-or-nothing type people. I wanted to start with a clean slate, and go after a new mission with my whole self. Having a break was a real gift.” But it wasn’t a total disappearing act. While on “hiatus,” Reese taught classes for fashion students and undertook a new assignment of her own: redesigning uniforms for United Airlines’ 30,000 flight attendants. “That’s a real ego check, because it’s not about you. It’s about what these women need to do their jobs every day. It was kind of the perfect way to transition into a new cycle in my career.” Now Reese is releasing the first pieces in her new label, Hope For Flowers. Designed in Detroit and produced with ethically-sourced and sustainable fabrics in Flint, Michigan, the 11-piece range includes summery staples in vibrant shades of red and yellow, along with party-ready floral and butterfly prints. “I had to make things that were less trendy and more timeless, more just-plain-gorgeous,” Reese explains, “because we have to consume less. That’s a painful thing to say in fashion, because our industry is built on selling things. But we have to consume less.”    That might mean spending extra, as well. The line goes from about $240 (for tops and skirts) to $500 for dresses. “We know it costs more. But that’s because it’s organic and sustainable materials; it’s employing people in America; it’s treating your supply chain with transparency. But these are pieces you’ll have forever. You’re buying something that was made to last, by people we respect. I think a lot about quality,” Reese says, “and how we’re buying new stuff, instead of buying good stuff… I like to ask, what were the last ten things you bought? What happened to them? Are you still wearing them, or did you toss them? 73 percent of clothing ends up in a landfill or being burned,” she sighs. “That blows my mind. That’s killing us. If you have a budget of $100 a month for you and your family, that’s one thing. But if you’re just buying cheap stuff for fun—it’s like, why? What are you getting from that? Maybe find something else that makes you feel good. Go sit in a park. Go meditate or sketch or call your friends… Clothes shouldn’t be crap. Clothes should be precious.”   
 How many times have you glanced at your phone to check the time, only to realize you weren't even paying attention? We're going to guess it's way too often. Change your bad habit with a watch you'll actually want to look at. Plus, checking your wrist is way more glamorous than fishing through your purse for your cell. We rounded up the 11 best watch brands for both amateurs and serious collectors alike, including iconic Swiss timepieces worth more than your house to a $50 investment that has over 6,000 positive reviews. We can't promise that you'll never use your phone again, but your screen time is about to see a significant decrease with our edit ahead.  This watch might be the most affordable brand on our list, but it boasts some major clout. Their weekender style is basically the Patagonia of the watch world: beloved by all, and somehow guys who wear them always look really hot. Their styles rarely cost more than $75, and you can buy multiple straps to change up your look.  Almost everyone's initial reaction to a "luxury watch" is a Rolex. The Swiss manufacturer has been in business since 1905, and they come with a hefty price tag worth the investment— their watches are famous for retaining their value over time. When beauties like this 18k gold Datejust exist, you can understand why it costs almost $30,000. Kind of.  Cartier has a history with both King Edward VII and Kylie Jenner, so you can easily say their watches will look good for centuries. Actually, their iconic Tank watch was introduced over 100 years ago and remains one of their most covetable styles.  For budget-lovers who want a collection of both fun and classic watches, Fossil is a great entry point. Most of their styles hover below a $200 price range, making them one of the most accessible and stylish brands out there. This stainless watch looks way more expensive than it actually costs.  Chanel's watches are just about as iconic as their handbags. Their J12 dive watch, which celebrates its 20th anniversary this year, is an upgrade on a style you can wear every day. Made of super shiny ceramic, it's a water-resistant piece that you probably won't wear underwater, but it would look damn good on a yacht.  Citizen is an OG brand that toes the line between the unapproachable watch industry and the consumer. They've been around for over 100 years, but are consistently making strides to change it up. For example, they've been producing Eco-Drive technology for forty years, which powers their timepieces with ambient light so they'll never need a battery replacement.  Yes, you read that price tag correctly. Go ahead and file Patek Philippe watches under "for serious inquiries only." They make styles so collectable, you might not be able to purchase one even if you had the money. If that doesn't make you want one, maybe Lil Uvi Vert will.  For a delicate, ladylike vibe, try Dior's beautiful collection of consistently feminine watches. The newest style, the La D de, is like wearing the night sky on your wrist. The metallic strap is designed to mimic a ribbon, and the lapis lazuli face encased ion a crown of diamonds will take your breath away. Check out their video on how they are handmade, too, for some ASMR viewing.  When it comes to Hermes watches, it's all about the double strap that they made famous. Their pieces are also made in Switzerland, but this style uses quartz movement unlike pricier Swiss brands that consider self-winding watches the holy grail (Hermes does produce mechanical watches if you want to get serious). Get an Hermes if you're in the watch game for style, not the mechanics.  For minimalist fiends, Movado should be your top pick. They are known for their austere faces inspired by the Bauhaus. No bells or whistles here. The Swiss company was founded in 1881, but they brought the brand into the 21st century with smart technology that still retains Movado's reliable simplicity.  Audemars Piguet has been making watches since 1875, and they've only gotten better over time. The brand is known for making some of the thinnest styles, and it's the only luxury watch brand still owned by the founding families. If you want to invest in history, choose Ademars Piguet. 
 I recently turned 30 years old. While I don't consider it a milestone of modern adulthood, I did start questioning what I should and shouldn't be doing with my life. Sure, anyone can do whatever they want, but why am I out past 3AM on a Friday night when I have an early morning trip to Home Depot to complete? Which probiotic should I switch to? Are linen bedspreads better than 1000 count thread? And the ultimate question: Should I stop shopping at Brandy Melville? But none of these daunting challenges have made me question my mortality quite like Prince Archie's christening. When I first saw the royal portrait, Archie sitting plump in Meghan Markle's lap wearing an itchy dress with a chic cathedral train, I was hit with two conflicting thoughts: 1) I wonder who made his dress; and 2) Why am I coveting a newborn's outfit?  I am a grown woman: I no longer ask my dad to do my taxes, the best decision of my life was switching from dairy to oat milk, and I have a 401k (I think). I aged out of baby dresses when I stopped being a baby, but here I am, longing for a baptism dress at the age of 30.  The rise of the trend can be traced back to Copenhagen-based designer Cecilie Bahnsen, who launched her label in 2015. Her feminine aesthetic projects a Parisienne luxury plopped in the middle of the Dutch countryside, which made her a LVMH Prize finalist in 2017. Street style stars wore her designs in droves, and the trend was christened. Since then, indie designers emerged from the holy waters and followed the baptism suit. Now there's Instagram-famous Maison Cleo, a mother-daughter duo from France wh0se fans include Emily Ratajkowski. The brand churns out an exclusive edit of thirty handmade pieces a week, which means you have to act fast before their empire waist frocks sell out. For a wallet-friendly option, look to AVAVAV. The emerging brand merges a Scandinavian aesthetic with Italian craftsmanship, resulting in bulbous, high-collared dresses fit for an infant duchess.   SS19 backstage  Shot by @josefineseifert A post shared by  ceciliebahnsen (@ceciliebahnsen) on Oct 7, 2018 at 11:43am PDT  @loudmilla in the JOSÉPHINE blue silk dress 🚨🚨🚨🚨🧜🏻‍♀️🐬 @vogueitalia A post shared by  MaisonCléo www.maisoncleo.com (@maisoncleo) on May 9, 2019 at 11:45am PDT  Acting all innocent in Ruffle Dress. We know you’re not. #avavavfirenze A post shared by  AVAVAV Firenze (@avavavfirenze) on May 16, 2019 at 2:30pm PDT The christening dress du jour is a referential mashup: it's not the hypersexualized lampshading of Ariana Grande, nor is it a gauzy tent dress you wear on vacation. The dress's puffy shoulders are reminiscent of '80s styles we saw on the runway, but with a voluminous bodice that belongs to the 1800s. It's toddler couture. The look is Victorian ghost, excessively trimmed in ruffles and lace like you raided a JoAnn Fabrics.  If you, too, have lost interest in your once-manic fixation on prairie dresses, it's time to level up. Baptism minis are a much more forgiving fit—it's a baby dress you could technically wear pregnant—and the trend is only getting more popular. Join the cult now, because Midsommar could never.
 A wardrobe staple of retirees and Hawaiian shirt-wearing tourists, visors were never meant to be cool. They were practical, sure, on the tennis court or a bike ride. But, fashionable? Not a chance. That has changed in the past year: Designer brands like Dior and Tommy Hilfiger first made them A Thing again on the spring 2018 runways, and they've been going strong into summer 2019. Maybe it's our pop culture obsession with nostalgia—the recent Stranger Things collection with H&M has an iteration of the '80s accessory that says "Hawkins Pool" (a nod to the hit third season). Maybe it's practicality—most of our editors noted how visors play nice with different haircuts and updos in a way hats can't. Whatever the reason, they're all ELLE.com editors are wearing this summer. Shop our favorites, ahead. "On recent trip to Paris during a heatwave—temperatures hit 100°F!—I felt assaulted by the sun. It was strong, hot, and didn't set until 10PM. Like a good beauty editor, I try to avoid sun exposure at all cost. I walked into a store and bought a visor basically identical to this, and it was a life saver. The velcro closure makes it easy to latch onto my purse and lay flat for easy packing, plus the brim was just enough to give my face shade while letting me wear a high ponytail or top knot to keep hair off my back. How did I wait until now to try this genius invention?"—Kristina Rodulfo, Senior Beauty Editor "Sporty spice with a friendly price. I'm big on the color yellow at the moment, and this Forever 21 visor fits snugly with an elasticized strap."—Ariana Yaptangco, Social Media Editor "I’ve been a part of the #visorgang ever since I cut my hair and realized I didn’t love hiding my new style under traditional baseball caps. That was about five years ago. Since then, I’ve amassed a nice collection of visors at every price point (some for running, some for just everyday looks) with this Prada visor being the latest addition."—Nikki Ogunnaike, Style Director "Like a straw hat but more playful, this visor is made for a beach vacation but quirky enough to work anywhere this summer. The more by the book reason for picking a visor over a hat is its sportier nature, but I'm drawn to the fact that it's cooler to wear, lets a topknot or messy bun poke through, and can be pulled down snugly on the head (so less worry about flying away should your Saturday find you on a speedboat somewhere)."—Leah Melby Clinton, Director, Branded Editorial Strategy "This visor has a chic, vintage Grace Kelly vibe to it with the black contrast, ties with a feminine bow, and literally works with just about outfit. Who doesn’t love a good neutral visor?"—Alyssa Bailey, News and Strategy Editor "The whole Adidas x Fiorucci collection touched my ’90s soul, but the visor was the kickiest pick. With its clear red brim and white logo/trim, it’s the perfect summer accessory if you’re looking for something new with a kiss of vintage flair."—Estelle Tang, Senior Editor "You'll be the easiest person to spot on the beach in this adorable neon-yellow DiorClub1 visor! It has the 'Christian Dior' logo on the back and "J'Adior" on the front. Plus, it comes with an adjustable strap, which is a big visor bonus."—Rose Minutaglio, Staff Writer "I'm all about the Tennis Player Chic™ vibe. Think Coco Gauff, Maria Sharpova, and of course our fearless leader Serena Williams. I can wear this visor with literally everything from sun dresses to sweatpants and the white is ideal for summer. If you're a Sporty Spice of the world, this is the visor for you."—Chloe Hall, Special Projects Editor and Producer
 Whether it's a boho maxi, a sculptural mini, or a floral frock, we know you love a summer dress. Unfortunately, your bank accounts may not. But Shopbop is here to soothe both your addiction and your wallet with their annual clearance sale, knocking down already-discounted designer goods with an additional 25 percent off. Shop 18 summer dresses you can totally justify buying, ahead.  Now on sale for $276 Now on sale for $56 Now on sale for $299 Now on sale for $255 Now on sale for $294 Now on sale for $72 Now on sale for $359 Now on sale for $315 Now on sale for $246 Now on sale for $134 Now on sale for $53 Now on sale for $41 Now on sale for $192 Now on sale for $74 Now on sale for $100 Now on sale for $658.50 Now on sale for $45 Now on sale for $584
 As a connoisseur of silk slip dresses, I can say with confidence that they are not made equal. For something so simple—a slinky silk dress is the epitome of lazy luxury—few designers have nailed the silhouette. I prefer my slips to have a soft v-shaped neckline, adjustable straps, and a flattering flare-shaped hem that hits at the calf—all things found in my favorite style by The Silk Laundry.  Appropriately named the '90s Slip, this dress has become a part of my go-to summer look. Not only does it fit all my prerequisites, but they produce every color and print known to man. At this point, I own five (yes five) of them. Looking for a versatile black slip? It's perfect. Need an alternative to the spotted-everywhere leopard skirt? See the one I wore this past weekend (I should mention I was stopped twice by strangers who needed its details.)  The Silk Laundry dresses make sense at work (with a desk blazer), for running errands, at formal weddings, and even for a beach day.  There are very few occasions where you can't slip these dresses into the situation.   Our 90s slips are cut on the bias for every body. Model @greceghanem photographed by @garrettnaccarato for Silk Laundry. A post shared by  Silk Laundry (@silklaundry) on May 28, 2019 at 12:20pm PDT The best part about the Australia-based label is that while it specializes in silk only, prices rarely exceed $200. The quality of their silk is so superior, you'd expect them to cost two or three times more. And if all these reasons don't convince you to shop, Priyanka Chopra, Ciara, and Chrissy Teigen will: They all wore the '90s slip this year, so take that as a subtle sign that you should too. It's good company to keep. 
 I'm forever on the hunt for the next best jumpsuit. As someone who errs on the side of classic, casual dressing, a jumpsuit is the ideal piece to say "I care about my outfits, but not so much that it takes up an insane amount of time." Enter Alex Mill. Launched in 2012 by Alex Drexler (son of former J.Crew CEO, Mickey Drexler), the brand first offered up menswear options that were uncomplicated but still cool. In 2018, J.Crew and Madewell alum Somsack Sikhounmuong joined, and in February of 2019 the brand reintroduced themselves as a mens and womenswear line that prides itself on producing pieces for individuals (in mind and spirit) who enjoy uniform dressing. As Sikhounmuong recently described it to me: "The way a guy dresses, just the practicality of waking up and getting dressed and not having to fuss too much over the things." Women and men whose style he admires "always mentioned how easy they want a dressing to be and that dressing didn't have to take a lot of time. And you know, it shouldn't cost an arm and a leg." So, the jumpsuit. If you think about it...the fact that I'm sitting here, writing more than 500 words about this jumpsuit, should tell you something. It's pretty much perfect! And I see a lot of clothes day to day...so you know I mean it. "There's so much stuff out there right now, it's like how are you going to cut through?" Sikhounmuong asks. "I think emotion is really important. You know, I think these things have to sort of strike some sort of emotion in you." The emotion it strikes in me? Love. Pure love. But allow me to share a little more on why it's so great.     There's nothing I love more than slipping on one item and looking instantly dressed. But I'm not really a dress kind of gal, so I often find myself reaching for this jumpsuit on days when I can't pull it together...but need to look put together. For my commute, I'll wear it with sneakers, than swap in heels once I hit the office to elevate the inherently casual style. "It's not too fashion, which I think is really great too," adds Sikhounmuong. "There's an ease with it."   A 24-inch inseam on my 5'5" frame means the jumpsuit is actually cropped enough that I can wear it with pretty much any kind of shoe. Cotton twill means it's warm enough to battle crazy office temperatures, but not so warm I'll overheat. Even better, the material is soft so I can double knot the sleeves around my waist, transforming the jumpsuit into a pair of pants that can be worn with a tank top layered underneath. Because of this, it's the perfect piece to travel with. In the past two months I've brought it on trips to Portland, Paris, New Orleans, and Marrakech, and am so happy I did.   After years and years in this industry, I've become more discerning about where I'll spend my money. When you basically shop for a living—things get a little clearer. This is one piece I now have in two colors...and am considering buying in a third. Does that make me nuts? Or just a creature of habit? Maybe I'm just obsessed. Either way, I'm okay with it.     Visit the Alex Mill store in Soho, New York or shop the selection below. 
 Russell Westbrook and LeBron James aren't the only ones stepping out in trendsetting game-day drip. WNBA players like Tamera "Ty" Young and Lexie Brown are also making fierce sartorial selections and it's high time we recognize them. Thanks to fashion blogs like WSLAM, WNBA Kicks, and LeagueFits, professional female ballers are finally starting to get the coverage they deserve (whether they're getting the salaries they deserve is a whole 'nother question) and some are even tapping professionals to curate their game-day looks, which range from skintight bodycons and sparkly heels to chic, androgynous pantsuits paired with colorful kicks.  Below, four WNBA superstars on their signature pre-game swag.    “ I wear whatever I feel to be fly and comfortable. Never putting myself in a box.  Tamera "Ty" Young, a 32-year-old forward for the Las Vegas Aces, describes her style as ever-evolving, an aesthetic that can't be put "in a box." Unless, of course, that box contains some new kicks. The self-admitted sneakerhead owns over 59 pairs in a wide-range of colors and styles, including Air Jordans, Pippens, Pennys, and LeBrons. She's as comfortable in high end designers as she is in MJ's, recently pairing a matching Okami shirt and short ensemble with red and silver Adidas by Raf Simons sneakers ahead of a game.  In celebration of Pride (she's dating Mimi Faust of Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta), Young slipped on a "Love Is Uninterrupted" hoodie designed by Megan Rapinoe and Sue Bird and a TY1 Gear cap, captioning a snap of the #OOTD, "ʟøṽε ʝ﹩ ʟøṽε."     “ My personal style is, first of all, to be comfortable.  When a group of men began trash talking the quality of women's basketball on Twitter, Lexie Brown of the Minnesota Lynx  challenged a male NCAA  player to a game of one-on-one to put the issue to bed. Unsurprisingly, the 24-year-old guard schooled him 7-6. But the ability to shut down ignorance with a spin move is just one of the things we love about Brown. We also admire her ability to wear heels anytime day or night, which she likes to pair with tank tops and billowy green cargo pants or boyfriend jeans. "I recently bought a bunch of heels over the last couple of weeks, because I knew I’d be able to wear them," she tells ELLE.com. "I like to walk in, be cute, and show my personal style, which is never really over the top and simple."  “ Never really serious, but when I am, I mean business  Described as "humble and hungry" by ESPN, 28-year-old Erica Wheeler of the Indiana Fever is a spitfire on the court, famous for her unrelenting athleticism and full-court press. From Liberty City, Florida, the guard's androgynous game day outfits are a subtle nod to her roots. One of her favorite brands is Miami-based casual-wear company Don't Settle, Be Great, which puts motivational quotes on t-shirts and sweatpants. In the picture above, she's wearing their "1 Out of 144" shirt, a reference to the number of players in the WNBA. "I am one of 144 in one of the best women’s leagues in the world. Respect me!" Wheeler tells ELLE.com. "Doesn’t matter how I got here, but I am here.”     “ My style shows a lot about where I'm from  In 2015, Minnesota Lynx forward Seimone Augustus revealed in a personal essay in The Players' Tribune that she came out to her parents during her junior year of high school (two years, by the way, after landing the coveted Sports Illustrated cover). Her hometown of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, she explains in the Tribune essay, is "a wonderful place, but also one... that doesn’t always translate to open minds." Now 35, the 6-foot-tall, five-time All-Star looks back fondly on growing up in the South, and that pride reflects in her clothing. She even wears her old high school jersey on game days. "Being from the South, we like to be matchy-matchy, so people have to be matching from head to toe," she tells ELLE.com. "This year I just thought it’d be cool if I celebrated myself and come out with my old jerseys a little bit... [and] celebrate myself."  Design by Mia Feitel
 Hoop earrings are a rite of passage, an important piece of jewelry mothers gift their daughters as they journey into a womanhood. I'd argue that for many, wearing hoop earrings for the first time is up there on the list of pivotal moments in a young woman's life next to buying your first bra, wearing a thong, and getting your period. But I skipped the whole hoop earring phase.  My mother begged and pleaded with me to wear her favorite medium-sized twisted gold hoop earrings from the moment I stepped foot in middle school but to me, wearing hoops always felt weird; I felt like I looked "too grown" and was afraid of potentially stretching my earlobes. Plus, I wasn't convinced hoops would fit my face as perfectly as they did my mom's or friends'. So I stocked up on stud earrings from Forever 21, buying small ones for everyday wear and larger, fancy designs for special occasions. The intrigue was still there, though, and I knew sooner than later, I'd be converted to a hoop lover. That moment happened when the "demi-fine" jewelry brand Missoma landed on my radar. A UK-based company founded by Marisa Hordern, the brand pulls inspiration from traveling experiences. I'm a sucker for radiant, rich-looking gold jewelry so I immediately gravitated to Gold Infiniti Hoop Earrings. The earrings came beautifully packaged in a blue pouch inside of a mini blue box. "Who am I?" I said to myself as I hurried to snap them on my ear.  These Missoma gems ticked off a lot of my boxes: comfortable, high quality, versatile, and durable. The earrings felt lightweight but not flimsy, gave my very casual concert outfit a touch of grace and femininity, and were sturdy enough to last through my constant jumping and singing at NYC's Governor's Ball Festival. I found myself wearing them again, and again, pairing them with everything from frilly frocks to comfy tracksuits.  Thanks to this pair of earrings, I'm a changed, "grown" woman, clicking through pages of different hoop styles in the hopes of finding a new obsession. Shop more of my favorites below. 
 I was skeptical, but now I'm not going anywhere without it. Mini bags can be cute, but also faintly ridiculous. Like my colleague Chloe Hall so astutely wondered about Kendall Jenner's micro-mini bag: What can you actually fit in that thing?  I'd never been tempted to try the trend until recently when my beloved Tory Burch Lee Radziwill bag was shrunken down to a petite size. You see, I have a weakness for retro-inspired shapes that I don't feel wrong calling a pocketbook (and think Lee is the ultimate style icon).  Additionally, I like my crossbody bags to have a top handle since it gives me options for how to carry (over the shoulder; cross body; in the crook of my arm). And while I have plenty of "work" bags, I'm usually at more of a loss on the weekends when the amount of stuff I need to tote around goes way down. The petite Lee was my answer. Why? For my non-office bags, I don't need much: Space for my phone (a Google Pixel XL—nearly identical to a large iPhone), lip balm, and my wallet and/or a pared-back handful of credit cards. Check, check, check. Everything fits (I skip the wallet if I want to close the bag; it works/doesn't spill everything/looks chic open too) and isn't so tiny that it's comical.  I'm very into the idea of two-for-one styling and bags can be strong contenders in this category. I've been carrying the petite Lee on the regular to run errands, go to Pilates, or grab lunch, but I also plan on removing the long strap and using the bag for formal events. Rinna is one of the Housewives whose style I'm most drawn to. It's different than mine, but has a streamlined quality and consistency I really appreciate. As such, I loved when she debuted her mini Hermès Kelly this season (and had a moment explaining to the ladies how she isn't really one to splash out on handbags, but thought she ought to treat herself). Regardless, I love how the Lee has the same vibe as a Kelly, but isn't trying to pretend it is a Kelly—the distinction is supremely important in my mind. It's classy, it's timeless, it's understated, and it gets the job done. What more do you need from a bag?
 Experts weigh in on how to shop bras for, during, and after your pregnancy. The one sure thing about modern pregnancy is that you are never at a loss for information. The content is deep, with everyone from mommy bloggers and celebrities to royals around the world weighing in, advising, and explaining what they do. The quandary that's thrown me for the biggest loop so far hasn't been about my body or the baby's development, though, but it's is definitely foundational in nature: When am I expected to pony up the cash for a new, larger bra? And how many times should I be expecting to do it throughout these next nine-ish months?  Bras for, during, and after pregnancy is a key topic of conversation in our community. Before I was even at the stage of announcing my news to friends and family I'd noticed a subtle change. Certain tops and dresses were tighter and things looked fuller; by month three I'd started to notice the bands on my bras were feeling uncomfortable and leaving red indents. Sam Foster, the director of retail at Lively, says I was right on target. "Most women's breasts change the most dramatically in the first trimester," she tells me, explaining that it's when most customers start needing to size up. "Around weeks 13 to 15 breasts generally stop growing at such a fast rate, so it's a smart time to go for a maternity fitting." There's a good chance you'll only need to size up once, too, though Foster says some people need an additional size around the seven-month mark. "It largely depends on how much weight a woman gains throughout pregnancy." Below, what she says to consider when shopping: If you're buying a bra when not pregnant, you actually want the bra to fit best on the loosest setting so you can make it tighter as it stretches out. "Throughout the duration of your pregnancy your ribcage will expand and you'll want to be able to loosen the band," Foster says.  Even if breasts don't change dramatically in size throughout the last two trimesters, they may increase in fullness or density.  Most expectant women tend to prefer more coverage and comfort, including wider straps  that will offer more support. But most people find wireless to be the most comfortable (and more giving for size fluctuations). "Bras for, during, and after pregnancy is a key topic of conversation in the feedback received from our community," agrees Michelle Lam, the co-founder and CEO of True&Co. "Every woman is different. Genetics, lifestyle, or just plain luck can make each woman’s journey through pregnancy and nursing so unique." It's why hard-and-fast "rules" can be hard to come by, but modern moms can benefit from the internet's obsession with quiz-based content.  "I'm really skilled at using e-commerce tools for the best shopping success. They're super beneficial with my busy lifestyle and travel schedule," shares Alle Fister, first-time expectant mother and founder of Bollare Communications (the PR firm who represents True&Co). "When I realized I needed to change my bra size in the coming months—maybe I had a few more weeks, maybe days—I immediately retook True&Co.'s Fit quiz to help me figure out my new sizing. I'm planning on taking it after pregnancy too to figure out my post-baby fit."   If you're numbers-prone and still after a more specific formula, ThirdLove Chief Creative Officer Ra’el Cohen is helpful. "We recommend purchasing a bra that is one full band size and one to two cup sizes bigger than your normal size," she says. "If you were a 34C, try a 36C or 36D."  All the experts I chatted with said their bralette styles are routinely popular with pregnant women, likely due to comfort factors and because it's going to give you more mileage as your size changes. True&Co.'s cult-favorite True Body bras can be the ideal answer and are a no-brainer when it comes to sizing (pre-pregnancy I was a small; I'm swapping up to a medium now for more room).  Lam says they're also a perfect example of how women can get away without buying a true-blue nursing bra. If you're interested in finding a "regular" style that'll pull double-duty post-baby, look for the following: Super soft fabric that'll feel good against sensitive breasts (and nipples). The ability to be wadded up easily. "Accidents happen, milk leaks, babies leak," Lam offers. "Instead of walking around in a wet bra, you can carry an extra in your diaper bag with it taking almost no space." V-neck silhouettes can be moved to the side for breast-feeding.  Removable pads which can be switched out with nursing pads. And if you do decide to get a proper nursing bra, don't buy it too early. "Wait until the last possible moment of pregnancy to purchase a nursing bra. That's when you'll be be best able to anticipate your postpartum size," Foster advises. "First-time moms don't know how much milk they'll produce or their breasts will fluctuate during feeding cycles. Allowing your body some time to find its rhythm will give you a better sense of what size nursing bras you need." And while the amount of bras you need throughout your pregnancy follows the same rule of thumb as always—three to six per Foster—you might need more post-baby. "It's important to use clean nursing bras while breastfeeding," Cohen explains. "We see new moms buying multiples so they have a few on hand." The exact number might depend on how you feel about laundry: "The more you buy, the less frequently you have to wash them."   I am only halfway through this pregnancy and can already say with confidence that less laundry = a very good thing. 
 I would be lying if I said I haven’t clowned my dad for making a few fashion faux pas in his heyday (you have too, don’t lie). I mean, calf-length cargo shorts? Oversized baseball jerseys and those BBQ sandals? He had it coming. But little did I know my father’s practical approach to fashion would later spawn a fashion movement rooted in comfortability and an aesthetic streetwear culture would dub “dadcore.”  Dadcore fashion basically consists of you wearing clothing that focuses more on function and comfort than actual style. Today, you can’t walk into a store or scroll through Instagram without seeing something that reminds you of your old man. Sharp tailored suits and cardigans are no longer the DILF style staples, now it’s all about orthopedic-esque chunky sneakers, baseball caps and bucket hats, and cargo shorts and vests. Fashion has a serious case of daddy issues.  I never thought about tucking a t-shirt into a pair of khaki pleated pants or wearing a comfy pair of basketball shorts outdoors, but here we are and I have Justin Bieber to blame. He’s no father (yet?) but JB has this “dadcore” trend down pat. See, last year, JB was seen frolicking around the world with his then-fiancé (and now wife) Hailey Baldwin, crying, laughing, and singing on the street in lewks that ranged from Golf Dad to Athletic Dad to Cool Dad.   White t-shirt with basketball shorts and an iced coffee? Athletic Dad JB. Tie-dye hoodie with khaki pants? Cool Dad JB.    JB’s style was easygoing, carefree, and above all, comfortable as hell. Now with summer in full effect, “dadcore” seems like a promising summer style to throw into my rotation of puff-sleeve sundresses, linen two-piece sets, and body-skimming skirts. Do I want to feel restricted in bike shorts or free like a bird in baggy basketball shorts? Do I want to lug around a large tote bag or go full-on organized parent on a school trip with a fanny pack or crossbody purse? These pragmatic, not-so-fashionable "dad" pieces are insanely low-effort closet staples that are perfect to have on the days the NYC summer temperature reaches high into the '90s and can be easily dressed up with the right finishing touches.  Read on for all the pieces you need to invest in to successfully pull of dadcore this summer. Nothing screams Old Man Steez like a good ol' pair of khakis. Skinny jeans have been quickly phased out and stiff high-waisted khaki pants with a relaxed fit—like the Dickies your old man wore literally everywhere—have returned to the spotlight. The trick to styling khaki pants is playing with proportions: add a cropped top into the mix for subtle sex appeal or drive the "dad" look home by tucking a white-shirt into the khakis and cuffing the hem.    Don’t be fooled by my cool it’s hot AF 🥵 A post shared by  Destiny Joseph (@isthisfate) on Jun 28, 2019 at 12:51pm PDT  Cool Dads don't grill or run errands in those too-long and too-stiff shorts anymore. Now, it's all about jersey knits. Made of the same material as sweatpants, these shorts are like pillows for your legs and make your city-to-city commute all the more comfy.  If you really want to break free, reach for a pair of swimming trunks. They just make sense: mesh lining for breathable comfort, nylon fabric for quick water absorption, and drawstrings when you've had too much to eat and drink at happy hour.   Colordination 🌸🧡 A post shared by  🌸🌸Yerrr🌸🌸 (@wuzg00d) on Jun 16, 2019 at 12:47pm PDT  Counting down to the weekends like. Photo: @kristenclairechee A post shared by  HYPEBAE (@hypebae) on Jun 28, 2019 at 6:53am PDT  You can't really build a "dad" wardrobe without a vacation shirt, it's the glue that holds the entire look together. The printed shirt deserves it's own moment, so wear it with a simple pair of chinos or denim, or with nothing on the bottom at all because...summer.    No one looks surprised cause we used to this @prettylittlething A post shared by  Jenny Lin (@jennylinnnn) on Jun 15, 2019 at 3:26pm PDT  here’s the other half of last saturday’s 👄 smile. A post shared by  Jessica Minkoff (@jessicaminkoff) on May 9, 2019 at 9:06am PDT  I love braces 😭 A post shared by  Jennifer Mcking 🇨🇩 ♏️🦂 (@jennifermcking_) on Feb 21, 2019 at 12:43pm PST  
 The accessories are so luxe and dreamy. Put away the neutrals, everyone, because summer's here, and that means it's time to break out the bold and bright colors. And Louis Vuitton's latest vibrant offering is just what you need to shield yourself from the heat in style. The luxury fashion house debuted a collab with multimedia artist and designer Alex Israel that features an eight-piece collection of stunning textiles. The exclusive collection, which includes various scarves, shawls, blankets, and even a sexy bandeau, are all imbued with Israel's signature pop aesthetic, so expect bold colors like purple, pink, and yellow all mixed together. The capsule collection also spotlights some of Israel's most well-known designs, such as his cotton candy-colored Sky Backdrop (which was once featured in the MoMA) and his puffy Wave painting. Supermodel Karlie Kloss was chosen as the face for this limited-edition collection: This eight-piece collection isn't the fashion house's first time partnering with Israel; earlier this year, Louis Vuitton recruited Israel to design the packaging artwork for its perfume line Les Colognes Perfumes and also tapped him for a California-inspired take on its iconic Capucines bag. You can find the collab at the pop-up store within the Louis Vuitton X exhibition in Los Angeles and is available in select locations.  
From: Marie Claire US

 Score huge deals on clothing, appliances, furniture, mattresses, bedding, and more. Summer is finally here, so that means, not only are BBQs and beach days in your future, but also amazing 4th of July sales. This year, stores and brands are going all out to bring you the very best deals on everything from TVs to mattresses. In fact, some amazing promotions have already started. That's why we put together this list of the best July 4th sales we could find to help you navigate all of them. From July 3 through 8, get 20% off sitewide and 10% off the Vibe. Now through July 4: 40% off 35% off 32% off 23% off Now through July 7, take an additional 30% off all sale items. Take 50% off online purchases on July 4. From July 3 through 7, take an additional 40% off sale items. From July 4 through 8, take 20% off sitewide, plus score free shipping with code "SPARKS20." Now through July 7, take up to 60% off sale items.  From July 3 through 7, shop sale items at an extra 30% off. Take an extra 10% off sale items for July 3 through 4. Now through July 7, take 25% off select styles, plus an extra 20% off sale. From July 3 through 7, the site will be featuring markdowns at up to 50% off. From July 3 through 5, get a free gift with purchase, plus: Save up to 50% on sale items while supplies last, through July 7. Take up to 75% off sitewide. Save up to 65% sitewide. Take 20% off, plus score free shipping with code "FOURTH" July 3 through 7. Shop sale items and get an additional 40% off now through July 6. Save up to 70% off one-pieces, cover-ups, bikinis and more at the Swim SH Now through July 7, take up to 60% off everything — styles start from $4.  From July 3 through 7, take up to 75% off in their Flash Sale, or take 10% off sitewide with code "PRETTYJULY4." First month of Rocksbox is free with code "FIREWORK." Now through July 6, receive up to 60% off sale items. Add an extra 50% off to marked down intimates now through July 8. Shop clearance up to 50% off. Shop kids' and adult apparel at discounted prices, including: The secondhand resale site will be offering all new shoppers 50% off of select styles from July 4 through 6 with code "STAR." Now through July 7: Save up to 30% sitewide as part of their summer sale. Save 25%  on markdowns sitewide from July 1 through 4. Shop sitewide for merchandise up to 78% off. Categories include home, kitchen, apparel, and more. 30% off 49% off 69% off Now through July 7, all tech is 15% off with the code "INDY15."  Now through July 4: 55% off 43% off 25% off 25% off Take 15% off orders $35 and up from July 1 through 5 with code "AMERICA15." ExtraCare deals will be unveiled on the new CVS Pharmacy app until July 26. Now through July 5, take 15% off sitewide plus score free shipping. From July 8 through 15: Take 20% off sitewide with code "FOURTH." Buy one, get one 25% off Sally Hansen nail polish. Take 15% off Take 15% off 20% off with code  15% off with code Take 10% off everything with code "4THOFJULY." Buy more, save more from July 3 through 7: Now through July 4, take 20% off sitewide now through July 4 with promo code "FIREWORK20." Receive 20% off select gifts, plus free shipping on orders over $50.  On July 4, kits will be $20 off. Take up to 70% off select products now through July 8 — no code needed.  Get up to 30% off select yarns now through July 7. Good Housekeeping readers can take $25 off first-time orders. Just click this link.  In celebration of rosé season, customers who order a bouquet of Pink Roses will receive a free, canvas rosé cosmetic bag.  
 10% off with code 20% off 20% off 20% off From June 30 through July 6, take 25% off select items, in categories such as accent seating, sofas and sectionals, beds and headboards, and more. Buy more, save more now through July 8: Enjoy 25% off, plus free shipping sitewide from July 2 through 6. Now through July 7: Now through July 7, take up to 80% off sitewide, including indoor and outdoor furniture, mattresses, lighting, rugs, and more. From June 30 through July 6, score up to 80% off sitewide. Now through July 1o:  Take 20% off sitewide with code "JULY4" now through July 4. From July 1 through 7, take an extra 25% off your entire purchase.  From July 2 through 4: Take an extra 20% off sale items with code "EXTRA20" from July 2 through 6. From July 2 through 4: 15% off with code 20% off with code 66% off Take 25% off Use code "FIREWORKS" to score 15% off sitewide, now through July 6. Buy more, save more from June 29 through July 7 with promo code "FREEDOM": Enjoy up to 70% off sitewide from July 2 through 5. Now through July 4: Enjoy 15% off temperature-regulating sheet sets until July 4 with code: "FIREWORKS." Now through July 14, take $250 off select mattresses with code "HAPPY4TH."  Now through July 7, get 10% off orders with a mattress in your cart. Also, buy one purple blanket and get one free on all non-mattress orders. Now through July 8: Save up to 70% Save up to 20% Save up to $200 Save up to $600 
From: Good Housekeeping US

 Couture week is underway in Paris, where Celine Dion is putting on her own personal fashion show. The singer has stepped out in several memorable outfits, but may have worn her most iconic yet: an Off-White blazer and leotard with no pants. Temperatures have hit the hundreds in Paris, making Celine's styling choice a cool one.  The colorful look was first worn by Gigi Hadid on the Off-White runway. Dion kept the blazer unbuttoned and paired it with colorful heels and large sunglasses.  Earlier this week, she wore an all black Chanel unitard and belt. She followed it up with a completely different look, wearing an Attico feathered tube top and asymmetrical jeans.  Adding a pop of color, Celine posed in a structured Ronald Van Der Kemp blazer and bright yellow party skirt.  Channeling Audrey Hepburn, Dion attended the Schiaparelli show in a pleated halter dress and leather opera gloves.  Serving us party dress realness, Celine wore a ruffled pink Miu Miu gown with a black accent bow.  Looking like a walking optical illusion, Dion looked regal in an orange and lavender Iris van Herpen gown.  At the Alexandre Vauthier Haute Couture show, Dion looked angelic in a white mini-dress with dramatic sleeves.  Putting a chic spin on the tourist look, Celine expertly wore an "I ❤ Paris" tee-shirt under an over sized blazer.  Despite her impressive style, Celine is reluctant to call herself a fashion icon. “I love fashion a lot, definitely," the singer told ELLE for her special subscriber cover. "For me, fashion is art. It’s a way of expressing yourself. When I put something on, I play. I don’t take myself seriously. I kind of, like, borrow a character. But to be considered a fashion icon? I don’t know, I just do one day at a time, do the best I can, feel the way that I want to feel. That’s the most important thing."
 If you were worried about the return of the '90s strappy sandal, you might want to avert your eyes because lip flops are officially back. But the modern iteration of the controversial footwear is a lot fancier than we remember. These aren’t the high school Havaianas ELLE.com first reported on after Copenhagen Fashion Week in 2018. No, high fashion brands are raising the stakes...and their price tags.  The thonged sandals popping up on our feed today are elevated with a minimalist touch. Gianvito Rossi's leather flats perfectly capture the beach-to-office vibe we’re chasing this summer. Sure, they cost about $600, but these could easily be worn with slouchy slacks and make you feel like an Olsen twin. Similarly chic, Reformation's recently launched sandal collection features a stiletto heel that makes a case for flip flops at a wedding. Yes, you read that right. Flip flops at a wedding are totally ok.   🗞 EXTRA EXTRA 🗞 A post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Jun 24, 2019 at 6:15am PDT  High heeled flip flops are here with some celebrity representation, too: Kim Kardashian West recently championed the trend, wearing a pair with Christian Dior's newspaper print (once worn by Carrie Bradshaw). If the mule flat was our go-to shoe in 2018, the fancy flip flop is our new favorite. Prep that space between your big toe and second toe, immediately. 
 Couture fashion week is known for its high drama runway looks, but the style doesn't stop there. Photographer Tyler Joe is on the ground in Paris shooting all the summer outfit-inspiring eye candy and so much more. Check back daily for updates. 
 
  A new release from Valentino Garavani, the Vring bag is destined to be an instant classic. If you’re not forced to carry your laptop to work every day, this makes for an ideal workbag: big enough—three fold-out compartments and one red zipper pocket—but not bulky. Just the right size to hold your commuter needs. Cut in all-black with a red tassel or a black and red mix, you’ll find yourself reaching for this bag when you want to add a touch of polish to your look.  Though many would deem the Birkin bag the must-have classic from Hermès, don't ignore the Kelly. Initially named the Sac à Dépêches, it was renamed after Grace Kelly used the bag to mask her first pregnancy from annoying paparazzi. Since then celebrities like Jennifer Lopez, Victoria Beckham, and Kim Kardashian have carried the bag, giving the under-the-radar choice new life. It's been said that a single artisan can spend up to 25 hours painstakingly constructing a Kelly bag, just a single indication of why the bag could be so pricy. Nevertheless, this is one of those bags that gets better with age, becoming more and more valuable due to its exclusivity in the marketplace. 
  A pouch may not seem like a classic or something you should consider dropping serious cash on, but imagine buying one and then being done. Literally never buying another “going out bag” or “formal bag” in your life. This Bottega Veneta pick affords you just that. Lined in natural suede, the woven leather clutch says I’m so rich (in spirit or literal cash, we’ll leave that to you) that I don’t have to lug my entire life around. I’m living footloose and fancy free! Find yourself obsessed with French girl style? Go straight to the source with this pick from Parisian brand A.P.C. The bag is practical (but not boring) thanks to the smooth, vegetable-tanned Spanish leather and has a long strap that can be worn on your shoulder or across your body. At less than $500 it feels like just enough of an investment, but won’t break the bank. Wear it with everything from a button down and jean shorts on the weekend to a floral dress at a summer wedding.  Debuted John Galliano’s spring 2000 Dior show, this bag was beloved by characters both real and fictional (think Paris Hilton and Carrie Bradshaw), in its heyday, but went relatively forgotten about when Galliano left Dior in 2010. Fast forward almost 10 years and the Saddle is experiencing a major resurgence thanks to menswear and womenwear designers,  Kim Jones and Marai Grazia Chiuri. A new favorite of influencers everywhere, the uniquely-shaped bag is officially back and not going anywhere any time soon. If price point is a huge concern, look no further than Everlane. Fans of the brand love its "radical transparency", in which they clearly break down the cost of  their popular pieces for the consumer. Crafted in Spain, the Foldover Crossbody is a hybrid pouch and bag—and an ELLE.com favorite. Whether you buy it in neutral or bright red, the 100 percent leather option is, as one reviewer put it, “slim, sexy, and smooth.”  Two zippers provide double the access to the interior compartment, making this your new go-to travel bag.  The ultimate boss bag, this medium-sized design is a great choice for anyone looking for a cool leather option that works in super corporate environments. Simple in design and equipped with a detachable strap, the bag can hold a tablet, change of shoes, plus anything else you may need for the day—all without losing shape or looking overstuffed.  When polled, 47 percent of ELLE.com readers shared that they are open to trying new bag brands. We suggest starting with Cult Gaia. Founded in 2012 by Jasmin Larian, Cult Gaia bags are meant to be "beautiful heirloom pieces that will live in your closet forever," according to the brand's website. The Ark, one of the most popular styles, has become a a brand classic carried by celebrities like Jessica Alba, Michelle Williams, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Instagram influencers alike. Surprisingly roomy, the half-moon shaped bag is ideal for beach vacations. Carry your phone, keys, a disposable camera, and maybe even a folded magazine, then hit the sun and sand in style.
 Paris Couture Week is where designers (and Celine Dion) get wild. Iris Van Herpen brought her signature futurism to a stunned crowd, Giambattista Valli's gargantuan evening wear is bound to be seen on a red carpet, and Christian Dior brought down the house. Literally. There was a model wearing a house down the runway. Click through for ELLE.com's favorite looks from the most whimsical time in the fashion calendar and check back as we'll be updating our gallery with even more crazy runway looks as the season continues.
 There is no such thing as "too extra" when Haute Couture season rolls around each year, so when Dior's held its autumn/winter 2019 Dior Couture show, the brand brought its House of Dior to life—literally.  Set against a floral backdrop at 30 Avenue Montaigne, the luxury house's design atelier in Paris, the show opened with a model walking out in a white toga and t-shirt that read, "Are clothes modern?" before an army of models followed suit in dark gladiator-esque gowns in varying lengths. The collection followed a dark, spooky old vs. new school theme that had every kind of dress you would need if you wanted to show up and show out at an ex's funeral. Dresses were mostly black—save for a few looks in beige, oxblood, and silver—and designed in floaty and voluminous fabrics that featured a cinched waist to outline the female form.  Leaning into the modern theme, Dior designer and creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri paired the ancient Roman-inpsired looks with fishnet stockings for a grunge, '80s party vibe. But it was the closing look that had everyone talking. One model walked down the runway in a gold box that appeared to be a replica of Dior's Paris maison. Underneath the gold Dior house, the model's body was covered by a mesh body stocking and fishnet veil. Dior's couture show paid homage to caryatids— sculpted female figures that provides architectural support—and a "metaphorical illustration of the supporting role women play, both in architecture and society," the brand wrote on Instagram.
 You'll never want to leave home without it. 🍾 Forget all of those summer bags you just bought (just for a moment!), because this Ruffino Prosecco Six-Pack purse is the only one you need to sip through the warm weather. The bubbly brand partnered with Stickbaby, a Brooklyn-based clothing and accessories label. The result? An adorable handbag filled with prosecco! What could be better? Well, it does get better, because the bag is clear with a sleek wooden handle. So you’ll totally be in style this summer and people will be jealous when they see what’s inside. Each bag comes with six 187-milliliter mini bottles of Ruffino Prosecco, which comes to about a bottle and a half of wine. It guarantees you’ll never be left without a boozy sip on hand. “It’s six pack season and The Ruffino Prosecco Six-Pack makes for the ultimate grab-and-go accessory,” the description says. “Bursting with the bright, fruity flavors of summer, Ruffino Prosecco pairs perfectly with sunny getaways and spontaneous picnics in the park.” If you’re planning to bring the bag outdoors, you’ll be happy to know that the bag is waterproof — so you can fill the bag with ice, meaning your prosecco will be nice and chilled by the time you hit your destination. Dying to get your hands on a Ruffino Prosecco Six-Pack purse? It’s available for pre-order now at ReserveBar.com for $100, and it will ship the week of July 8. OK, summer, you can officially start now.  
From: BestProducts

 You can say you’ve never heard of Billie Eilish, but I won't won’t believe you. Pop’s latest golden child is everywhere. First there's her music which surrounds you like a lush bed of brooding, moody emotions—a far cry from the sweet bubblegum sounds central to the genre. Then there's her sartorial taste which forgoes anything tight and sexy in favor of loose, baggy, and androgynous ensembles. It's a look that's rippling out beyond just her rabid fanbase. Billie Eilish's level of cozy girl chic is one I aspire to reach. The 17-year-old is usually swimming in shapeless, body-obscuring silhouettes. You see the outfit before you see the superstar (making it easy for her to prank her fans). Having studied her looks fully and for some time now, I can safely proclaim that I'm a Billie Eilish style pro. Her formula consists of mixed prints and bootleg designer logos; she often opts for a loud color palette of green, blue, orange, and red and almost always gives a piece its standout moment, be it custom designed Nike Air Force 1s, a large Louis Vuitton bucket hat or odd-shaped oversized sunglasses. Every time I scroll past a picture of Billie, I have to question, “Can I actually pull this off?”  In Billie’s world, streetwear is no longer reserved for boys, and being a pop princess doesn’t have to mean being objectified and over-sexualized.  "I never want the world to know everything about me. I mean, that’s why I wear big baggy clothes. Nobody can have an opinion because they haven’t seen what’s underneath, you know?” she said in a video for Calvin Klein’s #MyTruth campaign. “Nobody can be like ‘oh she’s slim-thick, she’s not slim-thick, she got a flat ass, she got a fat ass.’ Nobody can say any of that because they don’t know."  As a cozy queen myself, I've been taking notes on how to emulate Billie's style and decided to share them, ahead. Welcome to class.  There's no print too bold for the budding style icon. If you peruse her stellar Instagram (and seriously, Billie could have a side gig as a street style blogger), in one photo she layers a green snake print North Face jacket over lime green shorts with black paint splattered all over, a matching green oversized t-shirt, and a green Supreme snakeskin bucket hat. In another photo, she pairs a red printed t-shirt with a large Japanese dragon emblazoned on the front with blue monogram Gucci shorts with the brand's GG logo in red and red Prada Cloudbust Sneakers. What good is dressing up if you can't have fun with it? 
 In fashion, there's the original and then there's the bootleg. But nowadays, none of that matters thanks to a wealth of lesser-known designers who are making bootleg designs cool. (Renowned designer Dapper Dan was the face of bootlegging for decades for his iconic luxury streetwear pieces.) Now, Tsuwoop and Imran Moosvi (Imran Potato) are ushering in the new wave of designer knockoffs fashion worn by celebrities like Billie Eilish and Bad Bunny. These custom bootleg sets have become a part of Billie's brand. She famously wore a custom denim pant set with large Louis Vuitton LV logos written all over at Coachella earlier this year. My all-time favorite? The white tracksuit with LV logos and color paint splattered from head to toe. She paired the set with her go-to sneakers, Nike Air Force 1s. Billie can have any high-fashion house at her beck and call, but she's using her platform to support these up and coming brands. A queen!   🗣 A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Apr 29, 2019 at 10:25pm PDT  💸💸💸 A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Apr 25, 2019 at 6:02pm PDT Billie Eilish really hates women's sneakers. "Man, girl's sneakers are fucking stupid," she told Complex's Joe La Puma during a Sneaker Shopping episode. Classic sneakers are a style staple for her, but she prefers her sneakers to be thiccc, "chunky," and colorful. Air Force 1s, Jordans (Retro 1s, 4s, and 11s are mainstays) and luxury styles of Gucci, Prada and Balenciaga are in her heavy rotation. You hate the chunky Dad shoe trend? Billie loves it. She reserves her hate for Vans which she believes is the sneaker equivalent of "small dick energy."     🐍 A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jul 4, 2018 at 11:14pm PDT  [BLEAUBLUE] A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Apr 26, 2019 at 6:55pm PDT  Accessories play a major role in Billie's look and is also where she adds a touch of femininity. Her boxy, shapeless outfits are often accessorized with large hoops, stackable necklaces and rings. When jewelry isn't the highlight of an outfit, you can almost always find Billie in a hat—bucket, visor, beanie, you name it, she's worn it.  A post shared by BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Mar 14, 2018 at 1:52pm PDT  im in japan and im in love with this place but all i see are green rooms so nothing special here A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Aug 18, 2018 at 11:39pm PDT  IM THE BAD GUY A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Mar 29, 2019 at 6:46pm PDT Her sunglasses show off her playful energy, often ranging from oversized color frames to skinny black Matrix-esque styles.   anything to protect her A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jan 13, 2019 at 7:21pm PST  👕 A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on May 8, 2019 at 7:04pm PDT We have no choice but to stan!  
 
 
  Watch any reality TV show and you'll notice each cast member has a schtick. A specific trope or "character" she plays that ensures her space on the show (and the best seat on the reunion show couch) in the future. You have the mogul who is clearly on the show to promote a business...and definitely not make friends. The veteran who has been on the show for entirely too long, but refuses to let go. The list could go on, but we've narrowed it down to the top five you'll see everywhere.  Triggered by any and everything since day one. It's turtle time and time to make it nice. Heres hoping a fight doesn't break out after one or twelve tequilas.  This ain't her first time at the rodeo and she's got the new teeth to prove it.  Is she in over her head? Most likely, but she'll get the hang of things...maybe? Here to cash checks not care about your feelings.
 There’s nothing like a heel to make you feel your most feminine, but the practicality of three-plus inches doesn’t exactly suit all women IRL. Flats are the functional shoe du jour whether you wear yours solely for a commute or love the comfort of a flat sole all day. Oftentimes, though, flats are just as, if not more excruciating than heels (minus the leg-elongating effects of a stiletto, too). So what gives? Per 11 fashion insiders who have wear-tested just about every flat shoe on the market, it’s all about finding the right silhouette for you and, for some, having a loose interpretation of what constitutes a flat (read on for a couple of teensy tiny heels that ensure total comfort with the slightest lift). Ahead, the most comfortable (and stylish!) flats according to retail fashion directors, stylists, designers, and influencers. “The new Australian label that is set to become a cult favorite is Studio Amelia, whose founder Emily had been in search of the perfect city flat and decided to create it herself. During Sydney Fashion Week, Michael Lo Sordo's full evening wear collection was styled back to a pair, for a modern finishing touch.” —Lisa Aiken, Fashion Director of Moda Operandi  “These Louboutin ballerinas give a twist to any laid back outfit. Feminine yet cool, the sparkles are a quick solution for taking an outfit from day to night. As comfort brings confidence, when you feel good you carry yourself with more self-assurance.” —Sylvia Haghjoo, Influencer, @sylviahaghjoo  "J.Crew's Ryan Penny Loafers are my favorite flats for a few reasons. First, they come in my size! I'm a 10.5 or 11 depending on the shoe, but usually have to settle for a 10. These come in half sizes and go up to a 12. Second, they are genuinely comfortable. Actually, they're probably the first flats I've owned that haven't given me a blister. Third, they go with everything from jeans to suits. Easy!" — Lauren Chan, Model and Founder of Henning “2019 is all about athletic hybrid sandals. They’re a new take on Tevas for the season, and they’re the perfect way to kick off warmer days (in comfort!). The Woven Sporty Sandals from Toga Pulla are a current favorite of mine that I’ve been wearing nonstop.” — Caroline Maguire, Fashion Director of Shopbop “I love these Martine Rose loafer mules because they offer the ease of a slipper or a slide, but with a superior sense of crispness — there's no doubt that you mean business in these shoes. Furthermore, I'm a big fan of the square toe as it adds a dose of quirkiness, something I try to implement in every look.” —Imani Randolph, Model and Content Creator  If you’re a socially conscious shopper, look to stylist and brand consultant, Rachael Wang, who has overhauled her entire wardrobe with sustainability in mind. “My favorite comfortable flats are hand-made rope sandals from Nomadic State of Mind. I wear them daily in the spring, summer, and early fall.” —Rachael Wang, Stylist and Brand Consultant  For the die-hard heels girl who can’t quite commit to a flat, stylist and costume designer, Shiona Turini has the solution. “My white Mansur Gavriel slingbacks have logged as many miles as I have. I won’t travel without them—India, Morocco, Bermuda—anywhere I go, they go. They’re aggressively comfortable; I can walk around in them all day and the slight lift in the heel elevates any outfit. I have a second, more worn in pair that I wear on set — they make a super-casual outfit or even a sweatpant look polished.” —Shiona Turini, Stylist and Costume Designer  “I’m in love with the Chanel CC cap-toe flats — they’re the comfiest shoes and that’s coming from a New Yorker who walks everywhere. Even when wearing them with jeans and a tee, you can look sophisticated, chic, and have no blisters by the end of the day. You can find them second-hand or vintage, too. Sustainable, comfortable, chic...what more could a girl want?” — Christie Tyler, Influencer, @Nycbambi   Petite gals who crave the height of a heel, but the comfort of a flat, stylist Sarah Slutsky has the solve. “My favorite “flat” is this sandal by Tibi with a teeny tiny lift. It’s barely there and a fashion-forward option with ballet wraps up the ankle. Being under 5’3”, I really appreciate how the smallest little nugget heel sneaks in a bit of height with the feeling of a flat.” —Sarah Slutsky, Stylist   “I have to say, even though I am probably a little biased, Amanu's are truly my favorite and most comfortable flat that I own. In part because of the cushioning on the sole, and also the soft lining we use on the straps. I wear them with everything from a silk slip dress for dinner to slouchy slacks and a button up for a meeting." —Anita Patrickson, Celebrity Stylist and Founder of AMANU   "When I am home in the bush in Africa I live in my boxcar boots from The Great. They are so comfortable and soft and I love the vintage vibe. I walk for miles in them in the dirt and when it's time for lunch I pair with a white cotton dress for a more dressed up version. Because I wear these so much and use them more out in the outdoors than they were intended for, I reheeled and soled them and they are going to last me forever...they look better and better as they age!” —Anita Patrickson, Celebrity Stylist and Founder of AMANU 
 "Can I try it on?” I asked in excited anticipation. I was around eight years old. It was my first trip to Wilsons Leather in the mall. Moments before, the clerk had disappeared into the back before reemerging with a black Victorian-style leather jacket wrapped in a clear plastic bag with a long layaway ticket dangling from it. It was collarless, with puffed sleeves, Victorian seaming, and a single hidden snap that hugged tight right above a flare of leather, giving the jacket a dainty peplum waist. He carefully slipped the jacket off the hanger and slid it over my mother’s athletic shoulders. She looked Grace Jones–chic her hair shaved all over with a shock of long, layered curls on top. She slipped the jacket off and gave it back to the clerk, who held it open for me.  Going into Wilsons was a black girl rite of passage. The popular chain retailer had democratized the leather game; its layaway plan was perfect for people who had some disposable income but not enough to drop $200 to $300 up front. Of course, Wilsons’ quality wasn’t as good as some of the more exclusive boutiques Mom preferred, but the price points were attractive, and she was less likely to be racially profiled there than in some high-end shop.  On the day of my first Wilsons excursion, we’d gone to our tambourine-shaking church and then driven to the mall. I was excited, but I strolled casually to match Mom’s demeanor. The smell of raw animal hide laced with chemicals smacked me as soon as I stepped inside. It was like a herd of cattle had exhaled at the same time. At home, my mother’s leather didn’t smell like this, it smelled like her: hints of cocoa butter, Chanel No. 5, and flesh, the pores soaking up her essence and energy. This new leather smell made me light-headed and a bit disoriented. But then my eyes focused on the wall-to-wall jackets and handbags and wallets and it was like being in the middle of a geodesic dome of possibilities, dreams in all directions.  I walked through the store with my hand extended, like I did at home in Mom’s closet, running it across buttery-soft caramel-colored jackets. An ache of desire formed in my stomach. Leather is a curious thing to a young child. Mystical even. At home, I’d run my Dorito-stained little hands across all of Mom’s different colored skirts and pants and outerwear. Leather had a texture that I couldn’t quite name. In the winter, when the heat was on blast, Mom’s jackets felt warm and almost clammy to the touch. In the summer, the air conditioner chilled their stiff skins. It was the only material in  her closet that felt differently depending on the temperature.  That day was a revelation. I was ready to gather the coins in my piggy bank to help Mom buy the lotions and sprays the clerk was hawking so she could protect her expensive investment. But she declined—she was a veteran and already knew the drill. Instead, she unfolded her neatly creased layaway receipt and handed it to the store clerk. She had “put some money on it” the last time she was in the store, and now we were here to pick up her latest statement piece.    Mom’s leather collection started during her raucous college days. Back then, it was all “Black Is Beautiful” and “Women Unite!,” and leather was a major part of that revolutionary style zeitgeist. For my mom, the seed of the collection was a black leather vest and matching pants that she’d purchased impulsively with her university work-study stipend. She didn’t start with a jacket, because she knew that symbolism was nothing to play with. Black leather, especially in the form of a jacket, was the symbol of radical protest at that point. To put on the specific black leather jacket of the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense meant that you were willing to lay down your life for the movement. The FBI and local police were gunning down Panther members or imprisoning them for life. Young militants like Mom respected their sacrifice too much to wear their jacket— which looked similar to a German M15 military coat, with its single row of large buttons and two big pockets near the bottom—just as a look. It was more than that.     Leather jackets were new as a status symbol for my mom’s generation, the new power suit. The Black Panthers had set the association between leather jackets and rebellious black cool, and that became part of the popular imagination, with jackets showing up on fictional crime fighters like John Shaft and Foxy Brown. Even Essence magazine was instructing black college women in its annual August “Campus Issue” to buy secondhand leather and fur at thrift stores in order to be on trend on a budget.  A few years before my rite of passage at Wilsons, I began adventuring into my mother’s closet. She had high-waisted, pleated, and skintight leather pants, leather mini- and pencil skirts in every color of the rainbow: black, purple, teal, white, red. And leather jackets in every cut and silhouette: peplum, trench, and the full-length black leather coat she bought after seeing rapper Kool Moe Dee wear one in his “Wild, Wild West” video.    For black folks, luxury textiles like leather and fur were immediate status symbols. The folks making and selling luxury goods were not looking for customers among poor and working-class black folks. So we didn’t have automatic access to that kind of shopping, and that’s why access mattered so much. Leather was a bit easier to come by than fur, but the right piece still gave you that exclusive feel.  All of my favorite celebrities looked fascinating in their unique leather styles too. Salt-N-Pepa had colorful leather S-N-P baseball jackets designed by Harlem legend Dapper Dan. Vanessa Williams, the epitome of black feminine glamour, sported a sexy black leather shrug in her “The Right Stuff” video. Mom was super good at the Victorian-inspired extravaganza of leather and lace and black rocker charisma that you saw on-screen on Sheila E. and Prince. She had what it took to bring it to life on the streets of drab Fort Wayne, which made her even more magical.  While my mom was a self-assured fashion star, I was draped in my own insecurities by the time I was in second grade. Among girls my age, it was clear to everyone that light-skinned or “mixed” girls with long hair were so pretty. Me, with my short, “nappy” sandy-brown locks, reddish-brown skin, and fiery hazel-green eyes, I was, well, maybe, debatably pretty.   But when I slipped into my mother’s closet, I could channel her energy. Her things were like talismans that held her confidence and beauty. One time, I shimmied her black leather pencil skirt up over my nonexistent hips. I pulled the black Victorian jacket from Wilsons down off its thick hanger and put it on. I didn’t yet see myself as a freedom fighter in leather—all that would come later—but I was having all kinds of feelings. It is the fundamental desire of a little girl developing a consciousness in the world: the desire to be grown, to make my own choices, to feel an unapologetic, unburdened sense of self.  When I slipped into my mother’s closet, I could channel her energy. Her things were like talismans that held her confidence and beauty.  By the time I was a fifth grader, Mom had amassed more than a hundred pairs of shoes, a dozen leather jackets, and countless other sundries. I was becoming greedier; I would make off with one of the amulets of her power and hide it, like a stealthy cat burglar. I figured I couldn’t take the big items because she’d surely notice their absence, but I could steal something small, like a pair of earrings. But no matter how crafty I was, Mom always noticed when her things were gone.  On a solo mission into the closet, I could sit down and just wallow in my desire, letting the air fill up thick with my dreams. Each piece I caressed in private told me a story. The elegant leather blazer told me how it would feel to be heading into work in the middle of my big important career. The bright-colored body dress was a prophecy about the grown-up friends I’d meet up with to eat fabulous-sounding foods like chimichangas and margaritas (like my mom and her girls did every other Friday when they went to their favorite Mexican restaurant that was just far enough outside of the hood that it was slightly upscale). Tottering on the highest heels I could find, I’d spin myself through the romances I’d have with my favorite Hollywood stars, like Eddie Murphy and Kirk Cameron.    Maybe Mom understood what my secret world was all about. Either way, she did charge a price in exchange for turning a blind eye to my “secret” sojourns into her closet. From a young age I was tasked with helping keep the whole treasure trove organized and catalogued. This was our bonding activity. Mom would tell me stories about where she got some of my favorite pieces. I heard tales of what it was like being irreverently young and black down in Klan country, where her college, Indiana University, was located. Tales of black, sweaty bodies dancing at the annual Omega Psi Phi Mardi Gras party. Tales of the men my mom loved long before she and my father became a thing. I stowed away Mom’s stories in the recesses of my soul, holding on to them so I could share them with my future daughter. In that way, all of her garments were as much mine as they were hers. Her taste was my taste. Her past was my future.  And one day, just as I was nearing twelve, Mom took me back to that Wilsons Leather store and let me pick out a leather jacket of my own. She gave me the money to put down as a deposit, and it would be my responsibility to use my allowance to pay down the balance. Each time I got “paid,” I would make my way to the mall to put down that next installment, and I’d have to be diligent in my payments so that my layaway wouldn’t be closed due to inactivity.  I breezed into the Wilsons store this time, the smell of unworn leather now an intoxicant. Leather made me feel tougher and fancier and special and chosen. And this jacket was going to be “the one.” It needed to reflect my own personal style, which was some mash-up between girly and tomboy. I browsed, rack by rack, feeling and inhaling the rainbow of leather dreams. Finally, I found the one: it had a navy leather body with orange leather sleeves and a white leather hood. The lining was navy and white stripes. A zipper went down the front and the bottom was wide. It was super sporty, modeled after a windbreaker. What solid colored leather was to my Mom’s generation in the ‘80s, multi-colored patchworked pieces were to mine.    Mom thought the color clashing was a bit gaudy, it didn’t matter. What was more important to her was that her child have exactly what she had: the confidence to know that what you wore was a statement of your personality, your beliefs, your politics. I walked over to the three-way mirror and tried my jacket on. It was a men’s small. The orange sleeves hit at the middle of my palms. Too long, in Mom’s mind, and the jacket was super wide on my frame. But to me the fit was perfect. My heart was set on it. And even though it wasn’t her thing, Mom supported my choice. We walked over to the register together so I could put my first leather jacket on layaway. Adapted from Dressed in Dreams: A Black Girl’s Love Letter to the Power of Fashion by Tanisha C. Ford, available now from St. Martin’s Press.
 From Chanel's take on la Belle Epoque to Dior's Marrakesh night that was literally on fire, Resort 2020 has been one of the best seasons to date. Click through for ELLE.com's favorite looks from all of your favorite designers, ahead. 
 From Michael Kors’ French Polynesia-inspired collection to Chanel’s faux-beachfront catwalk in Paris, we’ve basically been willing beach days our way. With our swimsuit looks in order, next up on our shopping list is accessories and that includes a stylish beach bag. Here, shop 26 totes, shoppers, and baskets for every style — we even included a few fashion-forward styles, because if Chanel is championing head-to-toe beach looks, you better believe we’re going to honor and serve. The best way to level up your net bag game? With a vibrant Chanel version complete with a coordinating coin purse. Salt and sand is no match for this coated canvas tote in preppy plaid. What’s more fashion than a Japanese-inspired bag nylon carryall in electric lime? This woven jute shopper is giving us French-girl vibes. For the logo lover, is there anything better than a leather-trimmed tote? A colorful basket is a cool compliment to neutral swimwear. For the eco-conscious beach goer, this affordable tote bag is handwoven from natural fibers in the Philippines. The cool girl’s version of a canvas carryall. We love a cute gingham moment but here’s the real music to our ears: this bad boy is machine washable. Feeling extra? Look no further than this it-bag with fringe edges. With a nautical vibe, this netted tote will ensure the sand stays at the beach and out of your car. Minimalists, this rattan tote is calling your name. While totally sand proof, this see-through shopper is sleek enough for the city, too. Woven beach bag, but make it luxury. The best way to rock trendy tie dye? A tote made from recycled materials. Enhance your tan with this vibrant tote and a white swimsuit. This cord carryall is a cool alternative to straw or canvas. Leave it to Gucci to weave an eye-catching tote and then continue to delight us with a floral-print pouch inside. If you’ve been rocking seashell jewelry like it’s your job, your next move should most definitely be a shell-lined tote. Sorry, there’s nothing chicer than soft bowl bag, handwoven from pima cotton in in Peru. This extra-large tote is so spacious, you could carry a change of clothes, a couple towels, and an entire picnic lunch inside. If you can’t vacation in French Polynesia, this Bora Bora-inspired tote bag is the next best thing. This tote is black, white, and chic all over.  Sleek and structured, this raffia tote bag is both classic and charming. Handcrafted from recycled and regenerated cotton, this artisanal tote is built with a beautiful ethos. Channel a Baja California vibe with this woven shopper.
 On the heels of an epic BET Awards performance this past Sunday, Cardi B returned to New York this week to appear in court to fight charges stemming from an altercation she was allegedly involved in at a New York strip club last year.  Swanning into the courtroom with a group of bodyguards surrounding her, Cardi wore a navy blue double-breasted pantsuit by Brogger with large, sharp-edged lapels and pockets in light pink with her navy blue lob resting right on her shoulder. She paired the look with a baby pink Birkin bag and single-strap stilettos. Charges aside, Cardi B has made all of her courtroom appearances her own red carpet, donning dramatic ensembles down NYC busy streets that seem like an episode plucked straight from Gossip Girl. Cardi B's courtroom catwalk began in January when she appeared in court dressed to the nines in (faux?) fur from head to toe. In April, she returned to court in an all-white Christian Siriano jumpsuit and a brown Birkin bag, captioning a photo of her look "COURT FLOW @csiriano X Birkinpussy."   COURT FLOW @csiriano X Birkinpussy A post shared by  Iamcardib (@iamcardib) on Apr 19, 2019 at 9:09am PDT Then in May, she made another appearance in court in a  hot pink pantsuit and patent pink pumps.  Last Friday, Cardi was indicted by a grand jury on 14 charges, including two felony charges, assault, misdemeanor reckless endangerment and more, TMZ reported. Yesterday, she plead not guilty to the new charges. 
 Making the case for sleepwear street style. From Kim Kardashian to Rihanna, all the times stars gave nighties the daytime treatment. Here, a look at the PJ sets, silk night gowns, robes, and more stars have worn out and about. In a red print pajama set with boots by Fendi while out in New York City on June 25, 2019. At the after party for The Dead Don't Die's premiere in New York City on June 10, 2019.  At the Intimissimi store opening, in New York City, on October 18, 2017. Out in New York City while wearing a $404 Olivia von Halle nightshirt on October 17, 2017. Out in Los Angeles on February 24, 2016. Out in Paris during Paris Fashion Week on September 29, 2016. At the Motion Lunch with Madame Figaro on May 22, 2017 in Cannes, France. At the 2017 Teen Choice Awards on August 13, 2017. In New York City on August 17, 2017.  Out in Paris on June 4, 2017. At the Cannes Lions Festival on June 20, 2017. Out in New York City on August 29, 2017. Out in Los Angeles on August 10, 2017. Heading out in New York City on August 8, 2017. At LAX Airport on October 1, 2015. During a photo call at the Cannes Film Festival on May 20, 2011. At Dolce & Gabbana's pajama party on February 24, 2016. Out in pink PJs New York City on August 29, 2017; wearing blue PJs on June 7, 2017. Wearing a Fleur du Mal pajama set, at her book launch in New York, on August 19, 2017. Out at the Fuji Rock Festival on July 30, 2017. Out in New York City on June 23, 2017. Out in New York City on June 5, 2017. Out in Cannes. At the after party for The Circle during the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City. Out in New York City. At a launch event in Beverly Hills for Matthew Weiner's new "Mad Men" book.  Heading into LIV nightclub in Miami's Fontainebleau.
 If you’re the type to run a 5K before breakfast, hit the gym after work, or get a pump in at lunch (honestly, if this is you, we’re impressed), then a stylish gym bag is essential. Sure, you could shove your spandex, sneakers, and water bottle into your purse, but no one likes being the girl with an overstuffed handbag. The same goes for using a flimsy canvas tote you no doubt got for free. Instead, sporty totes, punchy packs, and cute carryalls are key, whether you lug around your entire bathroom or only pack the essentials. So scroll through these 26 gym bags of every style. Some of these even double as overnight bags, weekenders, beach bags, and grocery sacks. Scoop up two or three then get to those squats! As breathable as your hot yoga attire, this neoprene tote — locally made in Sydney, Australia — feels extra sporty thanks to the brand’s signature rope handles and an electric yellow hue.    Metallic accessories are going strong. So, why not adopt the trend for your gym bag? “How f*king cool!” was our initial reaction to this tote, particularly in the Desert Ochre shade. The ultimate studio-to-street silhouette, you may just swap your everyday bag for this sporty-sleek style. What’s more, the padded shoulder strap is super comfortable — a glorious feature on days when you’ve loaded up on all the stuff. With a cult following, MZ Wallace has mastered the quilted carryall and this camouflage style is the perfect option that will blend in with the rest of your wardrobe — complete with an interior pouch to hold your makeup and backup hair ties.   Not into technical fabrics? How about rough-and-tumble corduroy that improves with age? To wit, dusty tones are trending for spring and this “Hacienda Red” hue is a perfect bold-but-not-bright foray. Nothing says sporty-chic like a graphic black-and-white tote bag. Made from mesh, this one is breathable and easy to clean. Is it a bucket bag? Is it a gym bag? Huzzah, it’s both! You can even remove the detachable strap and tote it by the handles. All the options. For traveling fitness junkies, this packable tote folds down to a 7" x 7" zip pocket. Handy! With a padded laptop sleeve, this minimal bag is made for the work-to-workout warrior. The ultimate "gym bag, but make it fashion" moment. In so-now slime green, no less! Lightweight and sleek, this style will secure all of your gym essentials and can double as a stylish grocery bag. The zingy peach shade makes it even better. For those toting just the essentials, this nylon hobo bag is a fashion-forward choice. Are you a hot yoga fiend who only packs a sports bra and booty shorts? Then a ‘90s-style bumbag is the cool-girl choice. Pro tip: Wear yours crossbody for a street-inspired look. Not about a tote bag? Go for a backpack! Specifically, this oversized style from the new Victoria Beckham x Reebok collection. You’ve embraced animal print with every other category in your closet. So, why not do so with your gym bag? The style can be worn as a tote or a backpack. Okay, so an inconspicuous gym bag is your game. Enter: The perfectly sleek and unassuming tote by Cuyana. For the pack fan who’s practical, but a little bit extra. The best way to turn this frown upside down? Endorphins! Which make people happy, and happy people don’t…well you know the rest. A touch of rose gold elevates this black backpack. Attention commuters: There are even straps to hold your yoga mat on the bottom. Be honest: Sometimes you work out to humble brag about it after. In that case, a transparent PVC tote is for you. This carryall can do it all, with enough room for a laptop and change of clothes. Plus, an exterior pocket for easy access to your keys, hair ties, and phone. A slimmer sack for those who feel encumbered by a full-on pack.  Puma Training Gym Pack, $10; puma.com SHOP NOW You know those workout fiends who do the most? For them, a rainbow-striped backpack would be apropos.  Level up from that free canvas tote you love so much with this oversized style in a vintage washed twill.
 A 500-meter hot pink ribbon rolled down the middle of a beautiful lavender field in Provence, France to serve as the runway for Jacquemus's 10-year-anniversary show, just miles away from designer Simon Porte Jacquemus's stomping grounds. The bright pink runway coupled with the idyllic setting spoke to the playful, countryside chic aesthetic Jacquemus is known for. Dubbed "Le Coup de Soleil"—or sunburn—the show was set against the summery background as models walked down the catwalk in breezy linens and made-for-Instagram relaxed tailoring in sugary pastels. Jacquemus is so much more than teeny-tiny totes and oversized straw bags, and its 10-year anniversary show proved why.  Ahead, everything you need to know about Jacquemus 10-year anniversary show.   Keeping true to his playful energy, Simon Porte Jacquemus sent out travel-sized bottles of sunscreen with the words "Le Coup de Soleil" written on the front to attendees, a fitting souvenir as temperatures increased in France. Emily Ratajkowski, Bruna Maquezine, and several French celebrities and VIPs flocked to the field to celebrate Jacquemus's feat.  Jacquemus' sumptuous Le Coup de Soleil collection evokes all the chill vacation vibes that have become synonymous with the brand. Simon Porte Jacquemus opted for delicate pastel shades, including pinks, soft yellows, oranges, greens and blues, and eye-popping floral prints and sheer detailing. Among the sea of breezy maxi dresses and minis, Jacquemus sprinkled in a few workwear pieces. Oversized, sharp-shouldered blazers were juxtaposed against feminine silhouettes like tiny shorts and midi skirts. Jacquemus also played with the utility trend by pairing high-waisted orange cargo pants with a pink, deep-v maxi top and a large straw bag.  The wild card of the night wasn't an even tinier Chiquito bag. This time, Jacquemus sent a model down in a floor-length olive green gown that looks as if it can double as a sleeping bag or a parachute—survival fashion at its finest. Simon Porte Jacquemus drew on a number of things for his anniversary show. “This collection is not at all about Provence," he said. "It’s about the codes of the house, about other places, about all these women who have inspired me that were not from here, who were overdressed, and these guys who wear too many prints, but who still look cool."  On Instagram, he dedicated the show to his mother, writing, "FOR YOU...MAMAN AND HUGE THANKS TO MY TEAM....FOREVER."   FOR YOU...MAMAN AND HUGE THANKS TO MY TEAM....FOREVER. A post shared by  JACQUEMUS (@jacquemus) on Jun 25, 2019 at 1:36am PDT Last June, Jacquemus showed his inaugural menswear collection inspired by the "cliché of Marseille" featuring bright summer whites and yellows on tracksuits and relaxed trousers. "He’s a bad-taste guy, but he’s cute; he’s trying to be so elegant, but he has an army thing with a sunflower shirt," he told British GQ at the time. "They’ve all inspired me since I was young. But there’s a lot of me in there too."  This time around, the Jacquemus guy has much better taste and doesn't mind mixing prints and silhouettes. The men's collection saw models in oversized outerwear, baggy pants, printed vacation Dad shirts, and floral tailored suits. Each look was punctuated by either a bucket hat, messenger bag or two-strap sandals when it gets too hot for sneakers.  Click through the gallery below for all the looks from the Jacquemus Spring 2020 collection.  
 Shayma holds the tear-dropped shaped earring in her hand, and leans in close to show me how the knot is made. Twice she wraps a coral colored string around the top and threads it through. Then she shows me how to make the pattern, weaving different colored thread around the form until she’s satisfied. Finally she holds out the earring for me to admire: it fits perfectly into the palm of her small hand. These earrings and the dozens of others she makes every day as part of her job at the women’s social enterprise Small Projects Istanbul will be sold online at Muhra.org. Their marketing tagline? Drop Earrings, Not Bombs.  Today for #marchmeetthemaker we’re taking a look at ‘hands at work’ - coiling, winding, wrapping until a beautiful piece in born! This motion feels like therapy, an action to get lost in and to fill proud of as the finished product reveals itself Photo credit: @cat_arwel_photographer . . . . #slowfashion #ethicalfashion #handmade #handsatwork #madebywomen #artisan #meetthemaker A post shared by @ dropearrings_notbombs on Mar 12, 2019 at 2:07am PDT Shayma fled from her home in Mosul after the Iraqi city was taken over by ISIS. She has lived in Istanbul with her husband and five children for three years, and found work at the Small Projects Istanbul, an independent NGO that operates a community center for displaced Syrians and Iraqis. In addition to providing daycare and educational and technical training classes, Small Projects has its own women’s social enterprise, The Muhra Store, where displaced women who have moved to Istanbul are hired and taught how to handcraft jewelry and clothing. Proceeds from all sales go directly back to the makers, allowing the women to make money to support their families, a huge help considering how hard it is for refugees to find legal work in Turkey.  
 After Shayma teaches me how to make the earrings, she takes out her phone to show me photos of her family. Here is her husband, whom she thinks is as handsome as the day they first met. Here is her son at his engagement party in Iraq, dancing in a line with his friends. She wasn’t allowed to attend the party because she does not have a re-entry visa for Turkey. Do you ever miss home? I ask, scrolling through her photos. “Every night I think about my old house and cry myself to sleep,” Shayma says. She wants to go back, if only for a visit, but her family refuses because there’s not much to go back to—Mosul was all but destroyed by ISIS’s rule. The home she thinks about at night likely no longer exists.  In addition to the earrings, the women of Muhra make necklaces and bracelets and hand sew t-shirts with inspiring Arab women on the front, including the Egyptian singer Um Kalthoum and the Lebanese pop star Feyrouz. On the back the same message is printed in English, Arabic and Turkish: “Be a voice, not an echo.” You can shop the entire collection here. Thanks to Intrepid Travel for providing travel and accommodations; their Women's Expedition in Turkey, launching soon, takes travelers to Small Projects to meet the women of Muhra. If you'd like to donate to Small Projects, you can do so through the Intrepid Foundation, which matches donations dollar-for-dollar.
 After announcing the KKW Beauty Body Collection (featuring foundation for your body) last week, Kim has returned today to announce her newest endeavor, Kimono by Kim Kardashian West. After failing to find shapewear that blended with her skin tone and provided support, Kim Kardashian started to develop Kimono by Kim Kardashian West, a collection she says has been 15 years in the making.  "Kimono is the culmination of Kim’s personal experience with shapewear and is fueled by her passion to create truly considered and highly technical solutions for every body," the brand explained on the website. Each piece is designed to "enhance, smooth, lift or sculpt."  The Kimono Solutionwear launches with nine flesh-tone shades that run the gamut from light beige for fair complexions to deep chocolate and black for deeper complexions. Sizes range from XXS to 4XL. Kim designed regular short unitards, bras, and spandex shorts, but the highlight of the collection is solution short, designed for those who wish to wear thigh-high slit dresses and skirts, but need a little extra support.   "I’ve been passionate about this for 15 years. Kimono is my take on shapewear and solutions for women that actually work," she explained in an Instagram post announcing the news. "I would always cut up my shapeware to make my own styles, and there have also been so many times I couldn’t find a shapeware color that blended with my skin tone so we needed a solution for all of this."   Finally I can share with you guys this project that I have been developing for the last year. I’ve been passionate about this for 15 years.  Kimono is my take on shapewear and solutions for women that actually work. I would always cut up my shapewear to make my own styles, and there have also been so many times I couldn’t find a shapeware color that blended with my skin tone so we needed a solution for all of this.  The third pic is the solution short.  I developed this style for all of those times I wanted to wear a dress or skirt with a slit and still needed the support.  Introducing Kimono Solutionwear™ for every body. Coming Soon in sizes XXS - 4XL in 9 shades. I can’t wait for you to feel this fabric!#KimonoBody @kimono  Photos by Vanessa Beecroft A post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Jun 25, 2019 at 6:00am PDT Kim hasn't announced an official launch date or price range for the pieces but you can head to kimono.com to join the waitlist for updates. 
 Everyone looks good in wayfarers, but find out who looks great in aviators.  Whether you’re into the drama of an oversize shape, love the nostalgia of micro-mini frames, or can’t quit the classics (cat eyes and aviators), there will always be certain sunglasses that flatter your face shape best. Does that mean it’s the end all, be all of frame shopping? Heck no! But if you’re interested in knowing whether rectangular, oval, square, or round frames fit your mug best, discover the most complimentary shades for you.  "Triangular shaped faces need frames that can help broaden their delicate jawline and direct attention downward to elongate features," says Anna Longoni, North Americas Head of Sun Assortment for Sunglass Hut. If you have a broad brow and a narrow chin similar to Mindy Kaling, try a style with bottom-heavy frames. Shapes that are parallel and extend past the width of your face will complement your strong jawline. Aviators are another great option as the sloping silhouette contrasts your v-shaped chin. A flat top silhouette with rounded lenses enhances a heart-shaped face by mimicking the shape.   This squared cat eye will balance your brown line and draw attention downward to elongate your face. The sloping silhouette of classic aviators perfectly flatter heart-shaped faces. Rectangular frames that extend past the width of your face will compliment your jawline. A bottom-heavy cat eye perfectly balances the rounded features of your face. "Colors such as tortoise and neutral tones help soften and subtly frame the face, while lenses with a warm amber tint add a cool and retro look," says Walter. Soften your features with curvy frames, such as an oval or rectangular pair with rounded edges. Modern cat eyes that curve downward will also balance your angles. If you want to get crazy, Miu Miu's butterfly-shaped frame is your statement accessory for the season. Soften the angles of your face with a modern pair of oval lenses. An oversize, curvy pair will draw attention upward for a feminine feel. A large cat-eye frame will give elegonate your face while giving the illusion of curves. Don’t be afraid of rectangular lenses — simply choose a pair with rounded edges. A slimmer, printed pair of oval frames are a playful way to enhance a square face. Rectangular sunglasses balance your round features and elongate your face, bringing attention upward. Walter suggests a style with a brow bar, which "is perfect for a round face as it gives the wearer a fun defined shape."Another solid option is a pair of classic cat eye with sweeping angles. Try not to go too oversized—large frames will overpower your perfect circle. Rectangular frames with oval lenses create angles for an oval face while mirroring the natural curves. A slim cat-eye will draw attention upward for a flattering effect but skip oversized versions so as not to overpower your face. Circular lenses with winged frames will enhance your facial curves without making your face feel rounder. A squared aviator with a brow bar is a delicate yet modern way to rock the classic shape. Oval-shaped faces have the second-to-most wiggle room when choosing their eyewear. Like Lupita Nyong'o, you basically get to wear whatever you want. However, we recommend skipping perfect circle frames which won't elongate your face shape. Sunglasses with a brow bar creative definition and contrast for an oval face. Angular cat eyes draw attention up and outward for an edgy effect. A curvy, wrap-around silhouette will perfectly hug your slimmer face. Create more angles for your face by opting for an oversized square frame. A not-too-wide flat-top silhouette works well for longer faces. Skip the brow lift and try a pointed cat eye instead. Lucky you! Diamond-shaped faces like Rihanna have the widest range of options to work with. You can get weird with tiny John Lennon spectacles or go oversized like Penny Lane of Almost Famous. Diamond faces have the ability to really experiment, so who better to embrace these quirky diamond-shapes lenses? These sculpted sunnies feel both futuristic and feminine for diamond-shaped faces. With an ability to go oversized, really go for it in these multicolored hexagonal frames. Pretty much the only face shape that actually looks good in micro-frames, these mini rounds capture the mood of the '90s. These itty-bitty butterfly frames are for diamond-shapes faces who aren’t afraid of a lewk.
 Prada's signature Nylon bag is going green. Today, the luxury brand announced its newest push towards sustainability called Re-Nylon, a new collection of the house's nylon bag made entirely of recycled material.  The Re-Nylon collection will feature six classic bags—including the belt bag, shoulder bag, and two backpacks—created with recycled nylon made from plastics found in the ocean, fishing nets, and textile fiber waste into Econyl, with help from Aquafil. For years, Aquafil has developed the Econyl yarn by recovering ocean plastics and scraps and turning it into quality nylon yarn and several other brands have used Aquafil's product, including Stella McCartney and Gucci. Prada joins the ranks, pledging to forgo the use of nylon completely and use only recycled nylon by 2021.   "This project highlights our continued efforts towards promoting a responsible business," Lorenzo Bertelli, head of marketing and communication at Prada Group, said in a statement. "This collection will allow us to make our contribution and create products without using new resources.” In addition to using recycled nylon, Prada will also donate a portion of proceeds from the Re-Nylon capsule collection to projects centered on environmental sustainability. Prada will also partner with UNESCO to launch educational activities that provide students with environment-focused lesson plans to educate our future leaders.   Earlier this year, Prada vowed to stop using fur, starting with its spring/summer 2020 collection. “Focusing on innovative materials will allow the company to explore new boundaries of creative design while meeting the demand for ethical products," Miuccia Prada said at the time. 
 Never-before-seen shoes will be on display alongside iconic designs. In February of next year, a landmark exhibition of Christian Louboutin's designs will open at Paris's Palais de la Porte Dorée—and for fashion historians and red sole-devotees alike, the retrospective should be a must-see. The show will display a selection of designs from Louboutin's oeuvre, which by his own estimate comprises over 15,000 shoes and boots. Among them will be pieces from his personal collection, some of which have never been seen before. Other shoes set to make their public debut? The sartorial results of Louboutin's many collaborations. Expect stained-glass made with Maison du Vitrail, a silver Sevillian palanquin, and many more off-the-wall creations. The show will also include references that have inspired Louboutin's collections. Many of the designer's favorite creatives—like director David Lynch, designer pair Whitaker Malem, choreographer Blanca Li, and artists Lisa Reihana and Imran Qureshi—have developed relationships with Louboutin, and collaborated with him in turn. This exchange is his key to Louboutin's success, as he continues to crank out hundreds of shoe designs year after year, with no creative plateau in sight. "Where ever I go, there is always a garden to see, or a museum, a church, a concert, some element of architectural design," Louboutin says, per Vogue Paris. "The main tool I use to stay inspired is open-mindedness, I try to go where others won’t." The as-now-untitled exhibition will be on view from February 25 to July 28, 2020 at the Palais de la Porte Dorée. Olivier Gabet, the director of Paris's Museum of Decorative Arts, is curating the show.  
From: Town & Country US

 The biggest and brightest stars in music, fashion, television, and sports landed in Hollywood last night for the 19th annual BET Awards. With summer in full swing, the 2019 BET Awards red carpet was awash with striking colors and prints, from Ella Mai's neon green suit to Ciara's fire red mini dress. Ahead, all of the must-see looks of the night. 
 We asked Edie Parker why. Remember that sophomore girl who could make a bong with an apple? Brett Heyman’s got her beat. The founder and creative director of Edie Parker now has handblown glass hash pipes shaped like peaches, grapes, and even a banana, which looks a little like… well… use your sophomore imagination. “All the bongs and pipes are made in America by local artisans, and we tested them the good old-fashioned way,” says Heyman, who splits her time between New York City and Connecticut. “Cannabis has always been a part of how my friends and I entertain at home,” she continues. “Nobody’s stoned out of their minds or anything; it’s more like wine after dinner. Only lately, we’re drinking a bit less and including [pot] in a way that’s newly destigmatized.” Marijuana is also newly merchandised—big time—not just with CBD beauty products but also, increasingly, in the fashion space. This month, Heyman debuts Edie Parker Flower, a spinoff of her cult accessory line with rolling papers, matches, trays, lighters, and the aforementioned designer dream pipes. There’s even a partnership with Flow Kana, a Northern California cannabis farm that sells three “private label” strains of pot exclusively through the fashion label. “This expansion isn’t a seasonal thing,” Heyman says. “It’s big. We’ve been dipping our toes into home goods with trays, coasters, towels, things like that. But in the cannabis space, there’s nothing that looks like Edie Parker on the market—a take on those Cartier smoking trays from the ‘60s, those designer cigarette cases. Nothing new really exists. That’s exciting. But for me, I won’t make something unless I personally would use it. And with cannabis, I believe in the benefits of this plant. I believe it’s better for you than alcohol or a lot of other medications. Did you know that in all 33 states where it’s legal, opioid prescriptions have decreased? [Pot] can help solve the in opioid crisis. It can help reduce inflammation and anxiety. It grows from the ground, and it’s sustainable, but also, it’s fun! It makes things better and easier. And if you entertain at home, if you bring housewarming or host gifts to friends, what does that look like now? Very often, it looks like something involving cannabis.” But not—Heyman stresses—at the office.  “My office is filled with responsible adults. I wouldn’t expect people to drink during office hours, and I wouldn’t expect them to partake in cannabis, either. If you’re working late and need some inspiration, and have a glass of wine or a vape to aid that process, that’s different. But I’m running a business, you know? I have three young kids. I’m a law-abiding citizen.” Which brings up another issue: even as marijuana is being decriminalized in many states nationwide, millions of Americans have been jailed for pot possession—with black citizens nearly 4 times more likely to be arrested than whites, according to the ACLU. As a wealthy white woman in an industry connected to racial bias, what responsibility—if any—does Heyman, and her cannabis-friendly company, have towards restorative justice? “We have a big responsibility,” Heyman insists. “It’s a huge conversation we need to be having. Most of the people I’ve met in the cannabis industry are already giving money to criminal justice organizations to help free wrongfully jailed Americans. Honestly, we’ve always been philanthropic. We’ve made bags with 100% of proceeds going to Planned Parenthood or the ACLU. We just don’t talk about it too much, because our bags are fun, and that’s why we want you to buy them. But in this space, we’re starting a foundation to address and hopefully help repair the damage done [by mass incarceration].  It’ll be self-funded to begin with and then hopefully grow. But until it’s established, we’re looking for a foundation that focuses and supports women and families putting their lives back together after prison. A portion of our profits will go to that, once we find it… and if ELLE readers have any suggestions for a good organization, they can reach out to us directly. I would love it.” Readers can also reach out to Edie Parker directly for custom bag designs, including—obviously—ones with WEED in big lacquered letters. “We get some requests for those,” Heyman laughs, “But more often, it’s their name or marital status. We get a lot of people asking for a bag that says divorced.”
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Who: Rihanna  When: June 18, 2019 Wearing: Fenty, David Webb jewels Why: We're suddenly inspired to hit the town thanks to Rihanna's ultimate Going Out Look. Hot pink dress? Check. Stilettos we'll trip in after two martinis? Check. Enough jewelry to lose some mid-bar crawl? Check. It's all the risks we want to take on a GNO, winning her best dressed of the week.   Who: Jessica Alba  When: June 15, 2019 Wearing: Dior Why: You don't have to wear heels with a gown, as proven by Jessica Alba. Worn to the Monte-Carlo, Monaco photocall of L.A.'s Finest, she styled her dress down with easy flats and an on-trend headband.  Who: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge When: June 18, 2019 Wearing: Elie Saab, Philip Treacy hat, Gianvito Rossi heels Why: Just three days before summer hit, Kate Middleton took one last jab at a classic springtime look. Take her outfit at the Royal Ascot as a final farewell to long-sleeved dresses that can't be worn in hotter weather.  Who: Storm Reid  When: June 15, 2019 Wearing: Etro, David Yurman jewels Why: Storm Reid was a modern royal at the MTV Movie and TV Awards in Santa Barbara, California this week. Her crushed velvet jacket was a smart choice to contrast over a crisp white dress.  Who: Chrissy Teigen  When: June 18, 2019 Wearing: Adriana Degreas Why: This just might be the perfect beach look. Chrissy Teigen attended  #TwitterBeach in Cannes, France in a monochromatic look we plan to copy on our next vacation.  Who: Zendaya  When: June 17, 2019 Wearing: Alexandre Vaulthier, Christian Louboutin heels Why: Matching your waistcoat to your blazer is making a strong comeback, according to Zendaya at the Spider-Man: Far From Home photocall in London, England. Get ready for the return of '70s prep! Who: Tessa Thompson  When: June 11, 2019 Wearing: Rodarte Why: Tessa Thompson's metallic gown at the Men In Black: International premiere in NYC puts the extra in extraterrestrial. Her look alone could save us from an alien invasion, winning best dressed of the week.  Who: Eva Green  When: June 13, 2019 Wearing: Jean Paul Gaultier Why: It looks like Eva Green also got the futuristic memo, because her gown at the Bvlgari Hight Jewelry Exhibition on in Capri, Italy was a glam take on Star Trek. Beam us up with her! Who: Issa Rae When: June 12, 2019 Wearing: Max Mara  Why: “As women [...] we’re kinda conditioned, socially, to be humble,” Issa Rae said during her acceptance speech for the Emerging Entrepreneur Award at the Women in Film Gala in Beverly Hills, California. She continued with a message praising female confidence, which was just as powerful as her power suit dress.  Who: Gabrielle Union  When: June 10, 2019 Wearing: Prada Why: We've been seeing these plump Prada headbands on the street style circuit, but we love the custom variation Gabrielle Union wore to the Madrid, Spain photocall for L.A.'s Finest.  Who: Chloe Sevigny  When: June 10, 2019 Wearing: Marc Jacobs Why: The playful silhouette of Chloe Sevigny's dress at the New York City screening for The Dead Don't Die kills us. It's a great example of combining volume, texture, and prints into one perfect dress. Who: Shailene Woodley  When: June 11, 2019 Wearing: A brown and white suit Why: Shailene Woodley must have taken a cue from Annie Hall for her New York City look, and we're here for it. The playful addition of an oversized tie really makes the look.  Who: Jennifer Lopez  When: June 03, 2019 Wearing: Ralph Lauren Why: Abs. Abs. ABS. While Jennifer Lopez was awarded the Fashion Icon award this week at the CFDA Fashion Awards in Brooklyn, New York, we were awarded with a deep mistrust of our current core workout routine. She styled her abdominal muscles with an archived look from Ralph Lauren's Fall 1999 collection, thus winning her—and again, her abs—ELLE.com's best dressed celeb of the week.  Who: Billy Porter  When: June 05, 2019 Wearing: Francis Libiran  Why: "I feel like a Matador Kween!" Billy Porter captioned this look on Instagram. "Coming for all the bullies and killing them with love and slayage." We couldn't agree more with his statement—or his outfit at the NYC premiere of Pose—more.  Who: Kate Bosworth  When: June 05, 2019 Wearing: Prabal Gurung Why: It's still TBD whether Disney will produce a live-action version of The Little Mermaid, but if they're up for casting suggestions, we're throwing Kate Bosworth into to the mix. Her sequined number at the CMT Music Awards needs to be part of our world.  Who: Zendaya  When: June 06, 2019 Wearing: Head-to-toe red Why: We love a good suit, but we've never once thought about tucking the blazer into our pants. That's exactly what Zendaya did at the ATX Television Festival in Austin, Texas, and we're inspired to try the same.  Who: Sophie Turner  When: June 04, 2019 Wearing: Louis Vuitton Why: Column dresses don't get enough love, but Sophie Turner reminds us they should. Attending the Dark Phoenix premiere in Hollywood, California, she wore a pencil straight, ankle-length dress that is so flattering. Who: Zoe Saldana When: May 28, 2019 Wearing: Gucci Why: Zoe Saldana's outfit at the Gucci Cruise show in Rome, Italy is giving us major "strict-but-loving professional mom in an '80s sitcom" vibes. Excuse us while we re-introduce shoulder pads into our wardrobe. 
 There's only one person powerful enough to unite fashion's top designers, key players and models under one roof: Karl Lagerfeld.  Four months after the renowned designer and photographer passed away at the age of 85, his luxury houses, Chanel, Fendi, and Karl Lagerfeld, and theater and opera director Robert Carsen, hosted a celebration in Paris to honor his legacy, aptly titled Karl Forever. "Karl Forever: A one-of-a-kind celebration, for a one-of-a-kind man," a caption read under a tribute to Lagerfeld on the official Karl Lagerfeld Instagram page. Held at the Grand Palais, a venue Karl frequented to for his extravagant Chanel runway shows, there wasn't a spot in the venue that guests passed that didn't remind them of the legend. Karl was memorialized through a series of black and white portraits peppered throughout the space and a large tapestry that played videos filmed throughout Karl's career, including interviews with  Baz Luhrmann, Anna Wintour, and Carine Roitfeld remembering their dear friend. There was even an appearance from Lagerfeld's cat, Choupette.    The service also featured tributes from a few famous faces. Model Cara Delevingne and actress Tilda Swinton delivered readings; the musical portion of the event came courtesy of Pharrell Williams, who collaborated with Chanel on an exclusive capsule collection earlier this year, and Chinese pianist Lang Lang.  Carsen, who organized the show, told WWD he wanted the event to be "something full of life and unexpected" and a “joyful celebration of all things Karl."  Gigi Hadid, Stella McCartney, Giambattista Valli, Princess Caroline of Monaco, and more celebrities were also in attendance.  See other highlights from Karl For Ever below.  
 By now we all know the most important part of a vacation is snapping envy-inducing images to post on Instagram. If you go to the beach and don't post, did it really happen? Okay, we kid…kind of. For many though, one of the best parts about planning a getaway is getting your swimwear looks in order. From stylish one-pieces to figure-flaunting bikinis, there are more than enough  buzzy swimwear brands that make OOO worth it. Whether you’re here for high-cut legs á la the ‘90s or plan to make a splash in this season’s neon colors and bold prints, we’ve culled 21 swimwear labels to get on your radar, into your suitcase, and posted to your grid (twice even), stat.  💚 PANDY SWIM 💚 in Lime @emilysteinphotographer 👍🏻🔥☝🏻 • Available www.hunzag.com • Made in London • #HunzaG #madeinlondon A post shared by  Hunza G (@hunza.g) on Aug 18, 2018 at 9:39am PDT You might recognize Hunza G for the iconic cutout mini dress worn by Julia Roberts in Pretty Women, but the London-based brand is on its way for being famous for their bathing suits, too. Relaunched under Georgiana Huddar, the ultra-flattering, super-stretchy styles looks good on literally everyone. That's kind of the point too, since all their one-size swimsuits are intended to fit the range of extra-small to large.   Meet The Rachel Belt and Cabana Shirt in Pink White Stripe. #SolidandStriped A post shared by  Solid & Striped (@solidandstriped) on Jun 5, 2019 at 3:29pm PDT Solid & Striped inspired everyone to rethink the simple one-piece with their now iconic Anne-Marie suit, which premiered back in 2012. They've continued to lead the pack of buzz-worthy swim gear, plucking inspiration from retro fits and supermodels in collaboration with Re/Done. Inspired by the eastern seaboard, their second collection with the denim brand included easy beach jeans, Montauk-printed shirts, and sporty swimsuits that are unlike anything you currently own.    Summers coming ☀️ ..@rocky_barnes in our Jessica bikini - Available at our pop up shop (74 Kings rd, London) now 💥 #humansofrixo #swim #bikini A post shared by  RIXO (@rixo) on Apr 2, 2019 at 12:31am PDT When it comes to printed dresses—a personal obsession of mine—Rixo is at the top of their game. Their florals, polka dots, and animal prints are everything you want to wear for summer, and this year they finally released swimwear. It's exactly what you'd expect from the British label, complete with punchy '80s graphics and ruffles galore.   Sun-kissed & out of office, ft. #HeriethPaul in our Halo Top & Most Wanted Bottom in Canyon. — #jadeswim #jadejetset #memorialday A post shared by  JADE Swim (@jadeswim) on May 27, 2019 at 10:45am PDT Minimalism does not mean boring when it comes to Jade Swim. Founded by Brittany Kozerski, a former fashion editor turned designer, the brand has fans like Kendall Jenner and Paloma Elsesser. Think inventive silhouettes in luxurious, Italian fabrics that will age with you. It also checks off all the sustainable boxes, and is made in the USA too.   happy end to the week! 20% off #bianca & #desertglowcollection #todayonly ~c o d e~ shine A post shared by  TropicofC (@tropicofc) on May 10, 2019 at 12:02pm PDT Leave it to Candice Swanepoel to make really good swimsuits. Tropic of C touts themselves as bringing "European elegance with Brazilian ease." The line is as sustainable as swimwear can get, using Econyl, a ‘green,'  100% recycled fabric made from discarded fishing nets and other landfill waste.  They try to keep their production line as clean as possible too, using biodegradable garment bags to recycled paper tags. The best part? Their eco-friendly suits start at just $100.    NEW SWIM. Available online now.  Photo: @myeshaevon A post shared by  Danielle Guizio • NYC (@danielleguizio) on Jun 11, 2019 at 9:18am PDT With celeb fans like the Hadids and Jenners, it's safe to say that Danielle Guizio's clothing label is beloved by some of the most famous hot girls. The New York designer has a knack for producing clothing with a sexy '90s appeal, and the swimwear line is no different. Bikinis are cut high on the hips and triangle tops leave little to the imagination. For the brazen, look to Guizio, because skin is in.    🍊 Pico High Waist Bottom. Snatching waists one #RiotBabe at a time! Paired perfectly with our Coco top. More colors available on the site. #RiotSwim A post shared by  Riot Swim (@riotswim) on Apr 12, 2019 at 10:51am PDT Riot Swim is not afraid of the underboob. In fact, they openly embrace it, along with thigh-high cuts that reach your waist and Brazilian bikinis that are as cheeky as can be. Their unique silhouettes—like a gravity-defying one-piece that somehow supports the girls—are something you could easily see on Rihanna.  RG: @vogueaustralia 🧡 Our Resort’20 collection, SOLANUM debuted at #MBFWA last week and will head to Paris next month for international sales via @theknownagency. Photo by @michaelbrunt A post shared by  BONDI BORN® (@bondibornaustralia) on May 19, 2019 at 3:42am PDT There's something in the water down under, because Aussies produce beautiful swimwear lines. Bondi Born is a step above the rest— think of it as the Australian Eres. These aren't for the budget-conscious, though, because their high-quality suits are pricier than most. The designer suits are worth the investment if you're looking for a bikini to last a lifetime—these styles are absolutely timeless.   The #OniaxWeWoreWhat Western Collection launching 11.15 • @weworewhat A post shared by  onia (@onia) on Oct 16, 2018 at 3:34pm PDT Carl Cunow and Nathan Romano co-founded Onia, a mens and womens lifestyle brand, back in 2009. They became popular for easy, vacation essentials like swimsuits and weekender bags, but they gained fame last year for their collab with Influencer Danielle Bernstein of We Wore What. The western-inspired collection sold out everywhere. Since then Onia has stepped up their game, and we can't wait to see what they do next.   Plume & Sherbet, two of six new colours to choose from when ordering your favourite stretchy swimsuit this summer 😍 Preorders opening next week 💃🏽 A post shared by  Youswim (@you.swim) on Jun 14, 2019 at 4:37am PDT You Swim's swimsuits are actually magic; They stretch to fit seven sizes in one, but compliment every figure. The fabric is meant to accommodate changing bodies—including pregnant women—so you'll never regret eating at the beach again. Everything is ethically woven, cut, dyed, and sewn in England and offered in all the it-colors you want to wear this summer.   Weekends spent on the rocks ☀️ THE ANIMAL COLLECTION | Available Online Now | @kaitlynn.bell @aude_mangharam @christineburkee bt @pierretoussaint | #SummerNeverEnds A post shared by  TRIANGL (@triangl) on Mar 24, 2019 at 4:02pm PDT With punchy neons and wild animal print, Traingl is here for your Instagram needs. Which makes sense, since they boast 2.5 million followers. They offer a wide array of colors, prints, and fits that are meant to be photographed. They mostly specialize in bikinis, so turn your eye if you're a maillot kind of girl.   The Smocked Crop Top needs no introduction. Print clash, ruffles, ties and colour - this bikini has it all. 💜❤️💜⁣⁣⁣ ⁣ ⁣⁣ Pair with our High-waisted Trousers in Morie Print and red lip to take you from beach to bar and everywhere in between (Swipe right) ⁣⁣⁣ A post shared by  AYLA (@ayla.swim) on Jun 9, 2019 at 3:31am PDT Like Tropic of C, Ayla swimsuits are made of eco-friendly Econyl fibers. The brand new swim label just launched this year, but they are already gaining traction for their feminine yet modern swimsuits and resort wear. We're especially loving this smocked bikini bottom, which is so good you'll post it twice.   Posy suit weekend ready👙 A post shared by  Loveshackfancy 🎀 (@loveshackfancy) on Jun 7, 2019 at 11:53am PDT Loveshackfancy is known for their frolic-through-the-meadows prairie dresses, but they expanded into swimwear just this year. In true LSF form, their one-pieces and bikinis retain the same bohemian vibe as their cult-status dresses. Everything is decked out in frilly bows, girlish ruffles, and ditsy florals.   Count down is on 👙 30th April A post shared by  MAIYO (@maiyo_london) on Apr 22, 2019 at 4:06am PDT For those who desire poolside rhinestones, Maiyo is for you. The vintage-inspired suits are modern versions of grandma's swimsuits. High-waist bikinis are given serious attention to detail, including crystallized belts and lurex crochet trim. Everything is handmade with fine Japanese yarn, so know that the quality is insane. Just make sure you follow the care instructions— these suits are prone to discoloration from sunscreen and chlorine.   Charleston soul @carolinelossberg in the High-Waisted Bra 💞 #OseSummer #DareToOse  #oseree #osereeswimwear A post shared by  Oséree (@osereeswimwear) on Jan 17, 2019 at 11:36am PST Founded by Jannine Vinci and Isabella Cavalli in 2015, Oséree is an Italian swimwear brand that gets its name from the French verb “Ose”, meaning “to dare”—so it’s no surprise sparkly maillots and two pieces are the brand’s signature. If your vibe skews “extra”, the fringy beaded styles are most definitely for you.  Maiô Tep Tricot | Disponível em nossa loja física - Dias Ferreira, 217 - Leblon, RJ. Horários 29.12 | 10 às 21h 30.12 | 12 às 19h 31.12 | 9 às 16h - Esperamos vocês!  foto por @patrickvillela A post shared by  Haight Clothing (@haight_clothing) on Dec 29, 2018 at 7:50am PST Clean, minimal, and refined silhouettes are at the crux of this buzzy Brazilian brand, founded by Marcella Franklin in 2015. Offering “classic”, “theme”, and “concept” styles ranging from minimal bikinis to sculptural one pieces, each suit is made from high-quality materials that contain UV50+ protection. Whether you want neutral shades, dusty hues, or muted jewel tones, you'll find styles that can be worn on the beach and off.  Cheers @candicehuffine - looking 🤗 #leftonfriday A post shared by  LEFT ON FRIDAY (@leftonfriday) on Mar 7, 2019 at 7:50am PST Launched in May of 2018 and described by the label as “the best friend of swimsuits”, Left On Friday prides itself on a signature “Smoothing Dream Fabric” (made from a compressive, feels-like-butter-on-the-body material sourced from Italy) and “insanely comfortable fit” (stay-put straps, seams that don’t rub or dig). In the market for a pared-back one piece or halter bikini? This Vancouver-designed, made-in-California line is perfect for active swimmers, beach goers, and water adventurers.  Shop the latest swimwear styles.  Including a personal favourite.  The Bella 👙 . . #bikini #assymetric #bikini #lifestyle #ibiza #lapima #turban A post shared by  Alexandra Miro (@alexandramiro) on Mar 5, 2019 at 11:50pm PST For sexy-sleek cuts with a sporty influence, Alexandra Miro’s namesake label is one to know. Founded in 2017 with the intention to give wearers a sense of confidence and empowerment, silhouettes range from plunging one pieces to off-the-shoulder high-waist bikinis with stand-out details like nuanced cutouts to catch the eye. From pool parties to remote beaches, this line is about celebrating the female form at its most powerful and alluring.  Good Sunday loves ☀️! Here’s to hoping we can put away those ☔️☔️ for a bit! We’re happy to announce that you can now shop a selection of our spring suits along with some amazingly curated vintage and really cool ethical brands on @shopcanyongoods. Their awesome site  just launched so go give them some ❤️❤️❤️/ 📷 by @lindseybyrnes A post shared by  G A L A M A A R (@galamaar) on Mar 10, 2019 at 11:54am PDT Meticulously cut swimwear made for comfort and functionality is what Galamaar is all about, founded in 2017 by designer Blakely Wickstrom. Featuring cool, clean lines that nod to the past—including softly structured bikinis with contour seaming and retro-inspired one-pieces with just-sexy-enough cutouts—each suit is sustainably produced in Los Angeles, CA and crafted from a techno-fabric made of nylon from discarded fishing nets. The brand also uses regenerated mixed-metal hardware, eco-packaging materials, and recycled hang tags to minimize its carbon footprint.  GIVEAWAY EXTENDED | Today is your last chance to enter to win the beloved #FloraMaillot. Enter on the original photo in our feed. #koreswim⠀ .⠀ .⠀ .⠀ #swim #swimwear #prettycity #bodypositive #loveyourbody #bathingsuit #maillot #onepiece #bikini #swimsuit #shootandshare #postthepeople ⠀⠀ A post shared by  KORE SWIM (@koreswim) on Feb 4, 2019 at 2:54pm PST For unique silhouettes look to —a swimwear line inspired by the Greek word “kore”, meaning “maiden”, designed by painter turned apparel designer, Jessica Tracy who co-owns the company with her sister, Nicole. Headquartered in LA, each of the  flattering, eye-catching, and functional suit is made of Italian materials, employing sustainable and ethical production standards.  Wanna know why people love The Sidestroke so much? Check out our stories for some of our favorite customer quotes about this best-selling suit. #GoSummersalt pc: @spiritedpursuit @nazyxo A post shared by  summersalt (@summersalt) on Jan 28, 2019 at 3:31pm PST Direct-to-consumer brand, Summersalt launched in the spring of 2017 with a uniquely technical approach to swimwear: Founders Reshma Chattaram Chamberlin and Lori Coulter used over 1.5 million body measurements from 10,000 women to create a data-backed fit. Employing Earth-friendly practices, the brand uses recycled materials to create their fabrics and product packaging while keeping on-the-go, adventure-seeking types in mind with their designs. The range includes the best-selling one-shoulder Sidestroke, a not-too-sexy one piece with mesh detailing, and the new ultra-soft ribbed bikini, all of which incorporate quick-dry technology, UPF 50+ protection, and cost $95 or less.
 At the premiere of her new horror film, Child’s Play, Aubrey Plaza tucked her hair behind her ear with a creepy little knife barrette. I must thank the actress for introducing us to this ~killer~ hair accessory, which is extremely my shit.  It's a dark departure from the snap clips trend we started seeing in 2018. After New York Fashion Week this spring, suddenly everyone was wearing bejeweled barrettes that said things "Anxiety" and "Feelings." The knife barrette says, "My anxious feels have given way to full-throated rage." Or maybe it just says, "I listen to My Favorite Murder!" It's a versatile barrette. The statement piece is for sale, here on Vinca. "Just don't wear it to the airport!" the site warns. One customer's review: "I can't go out without someone saying "OMG is that a knife in your hair?" Which, fair. Looking for more macabre hair accessories? You could try these skeleton hands, advertised as "not just for Halloween," this bow featuring Freddy Krueger's knifed glove on it, or these hair scissors that look a lot like the shears from Us (a movie we still have a lot of lingering questions about).
 Stylish summer pieces are up to 70 percent off. Is it just us, or is there something insanely gratifying about tag sales? After hours sifting through dozens (or hundreds!) of pieces, you walk away with something (or things!) you really love at a fair, affordable price. Anthropologie's summer tag sale offers that same satisfaction—only you don't have to leave your house.  Right now, the site is offering steep discounts on everything from clothes, to shoes, to cosmetics, to furniture. The store makes it insanely easy to add a colorful, bohemian flair to every facet of our lives. And thanks to its new plus size line, the store is chicer and more inclusive than ever before. Discounts will vary by product, with some items slashed up to 70 percent off the original asking price. The catch? This sale will only continue while supplies last, so start shopping ASAP. Before you browse through all 1,500+ listings, peruse our favorite finds below. (I'm personally eye-ing that Maeve button dress for my upcoming beach vacation).  
From: Marie Claire US

 Artist Marco Santini creates exclusive design for the organization Our love for Millennial pink shows no signs of waning. Case in point: this t-shirt created by one of the fashion industry's favorite young artists, Marco Santini. Not only is the shade universally flattering, but thanks to 525 America's donation of the tees, 100 percent of the proceeds benefit UN Women. Known for his graffiti-esque work, Santini's design (modeled by Alima Fofana) features the word "equality" in 50 languages, which form the shape of a heart.  The shirt is part of a larger campaign launched by the Metropolitan New York Chapter of the organization's U.S. National Committee to bring awareness to the passage of 25 years since world leaders adopted the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action on women's equal participation in all areas of life, and to engage gender equality advocates across generations to rectify its shortcomings. Proceeds from sales will support UN Women programs in nearly 100 countries, helping to mobilize governments and civil society to align with UN Women's Generation Equality: Realizing women's rights for an equal future campaign.  
 See all of her best looks. Known as the people's princess, Lady Diana Spencer was one of the most well recognized, and influential style icons in the world. Paving the way for future fashionable royals like Kate Middleton and Queen Letizia of Spain, Diana made bold statements with her sartorial choices, from the bright suits and dramatic gowns to her famous wedding dress. In honor of what would have been her birthday today, see some of Princess Diana's most underrated style moments—many of which are still in vogue today. Before she graduated to elaborate fascinators, Di went with a classic black chapeau in her formative years. We want to wear this now. Sporting what we'd now call a "boyfriend sweater," Princess Diana makes effortless look chic. Somehow this fair isle sweater, button-up oxford, and ribbon doesn't come across as granny. Diana covers her head in an incredibly chic way. Diana did the arm party thing before it was even a thing. Summery fancy pants for a polo match. A classic piece with a hint of fun. This sunny yellow dress against the bright yellow backdrop makes a stunning combination.  I'm pretty sure the Man Repeller is itching to get her hands on that collar.  This boyish topper balances out the high-necked, feminine shirt. A lesson on how to wear a beret without looking like a french painter. She manages to make pearls on pearls on pearls look chic, not cheesy. Some of Diana's most casual, laid-back looks are her most stunning. Suited up, black tie style. Like Lupita Nyong'o's Met Gala look, Diana chose an untraditional way to wear a headpiece. Princess Diana dressed up her open back with a necklace—a look Jennifer Lawrence has copied at back-to-back Oscars. Overalls are back—but Diana was wearing them almost 30 years ago. ELLE.com fashion editor Danielle Prescod channeled this pretty Princess Di look without even knowing it.  The peplum trend saw a resurgence in the early 2010s, but Diana did it first. This flowy cheetah print dress that feels super current in 2019. A Canadian tuxedo look is always perfect a day out with the children. Diana truly looks like a vision in this fitted velvet bodycon dress, complete with sheer black tights and minimalist heels to match. The reason why "millennial pink" became a trend. A high contrasting look with this pink and red button down dress, down to the top hat and clutch, makes for a bold statement. Before slime green became a trend, Diana rocked neon with this bright orange skirt suit with a generous amount of black to tone it down. To perfectly accent her cobalt blue dress, Diana made sure to keep her bag and shoes the exact same color for a seamless look. Nothing says "carefree" more than mixing and matching a plaid blazer jacket with a polka-dotted skirt. Diana wears this impeccably tailored military-style jacket so well, we wish we had our own. Aviator sunglasses and pearls make for an unlikely, yet gorgeous pairing.
 The Lizzie Fortunato brand manager takes us inside her closet to demonstrate how she brings Texas fashion to Brooklyn.   ​Juliana Ramirez. ​I’m the brand manager at Lizzie Fortunato, a soon-to-be cowboy boot maker, and a photographer.     I live near Prospect Park in Brooklyn. I grew up in Texas.  Absolutely! I actually thought it didn’t because I was so against anything honky-tonk growing up. I’m definitely more into Western wear and have such an appreciation for seeing Western silhouettes on the runway. I feel like I have a really terrible, I don't know if this is the right word, ownership... I feel like it almost belongs to me being from Texas, and that's totally not fair! And of course, my love of cowboy boots comes from being a Texan.  I always liked cowboy boots, but it was more in the “I’m going to the rodeo.” Rodeo is a really big deal. In Texas, if you were “stylish,” in my hometown at least, you would never wear cowboy boots casually in the way I do now. It has a totally different meaning in Texas, which is so silly.      Ever-changing! I truly don’t think I could put my “style” in a box and present it to you with a silk ribbon on top. I thrive off of change and my style is a direct reflection of that.   I always wear my grandmother's necklace and her ring. I feel like I carry her with me. She always had a witchy vibe, I feel like I’m holding some of her powers, if you will. She was very much a Puerto Rican grandma—into all the superstition stuff. I feel like I carry a part of her with me and she protects me through her powers. It sounds so silly but that’s totally how I feel about it.  This [dress] is something my grandmother made for my aunt. It’s a cloak/shawl thing. I wore it as a dress for my 25th birthday. It was disco-themed. I wore high waisted black underwear and a cute bra, and this pair of Celine heels that I have that are destroyed. I really love this thing. I was in Puerto Rico with my grandmother, my aunt, and my mom, going through all of these old clothes and I really wanted this, but my aunt didn’t want to part with it. Two weeks later it showed up in the mail! About a month before my birthday, when I first saw it back in Puerto Rico, I said “That's what I’m wearing!”    This Celine sport dress was probably the best score I've ever found. I think I got it for around $50, if not less. I was like, 'I just robbed you guys, are you kidding?!' It’s the hardest thing to wear. The fabric is heavy. There are probably three days out of the year that I can wear this properly.    Sweaters! I buy way too many sweaters! I’m never satisfied with my sweaters for some reason. I think I have a hard time finding them.    
  Yes, I have this grey sweater that I absolutely love because it's never pilled! I’ve had it for over a year. But yeah, I have way too many sweaters, which isn’t a bad thing here.    Something that I haven’t already seen on Instagram. I’m doing this crazy purge. My best friend and I had this conversation about influencers and personal style. I have this fear of losing my sense of style because I’m constantly being bombarded with images of people who wear certain things. Do I actually like this, or have I talked myself into liking something?  I have the hardest time trying to figure out if I like this thing I’m holding in the store because I’ve seen it so many times, or if I actually just like the thing. It’s been very recent, within the past eight months, that I've been thinking about personal style and redefining what that means to me.       Receiving my first piece from Nikki was something I didn’t realize would end up meaning so much to me. Life has a funny way of working in circles and meeting/working with her was one of them. In Texas, I admired her from afar and funny enough (this is the life working in circles part), when I moved to the city, Nikki ended up being the first person to hire me to do anything. My gratitude towards our friendship grows in tandem with my love for her designs.  The '60s. They have the best tights. I’ve been hardcore shopping online for vintage tights that have really cool patterns—which you’d think would be an easy thing to find but it’s not. It’s easy to find costume tights that are cheesy, but real tights that are really well made and that have a really interesting pattern are so hard to find.     Uptown Girls, more specifically Molly Gunn. I remember that character having such an early, lasting effect on me. Molly’s approach to style was relentlessly frivolous. Individually, her looks had this “I’m not asking for your permission” attitude about them.      
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 www.elle.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 Corseted mini blazers and denim dresses, spacious trousers, and puff-sleeve blouses were the highlights of Rihanna inaugural Fenty collection released in May. For her second drop, Rihanna'staking us to the islands.  Fenty's Release 6-19 is colorful as hell compared to the soft pastels and neutrals presented in the first drop. Have a vacation approaching? Well, this collection was "intended for escape, intentionally made for ease of travel, and rendered in light textiles with bright hues and eye-catching prints," the brand explained. The knitted pieces in the collection include The Halterneck Knitted Dress in mini and midi lengths, as well as a cut-out knit top that matches a knitted mini skirt in the collection.  Satin mini and midi dresses come in Japanese-inspired prints and candy colors, including a fuchsia pink number Rihanna wore to the launch event this week.  Fenty also released a new batch of jewelry: twisted gold hoops, rings, and stackable bangles to compliment your look. Upping the ante on its signature pointed barely-there sandal, Fenty released an assortment of two-strap and multi-strap heels in textured leather and bright summery hues, including yellow and green.  Release 6-19 drops today on fenty.com and at the Fenty Pop-Up shop in New York City, which opened on June 18. The pop-up shop will run until June 30.  Shop Fenty's Release 6-19 below. 
 As the apparel industry has woken up to threats of climate change (and their part in the issue) several brands have taken major steps to reduce their impact on the environment. Today, luxury retailer Net-a-Porter has announced that they are joining the effort launching Net Sustain, a new vertical on the site that's a one-stop shop for shoppers who want to buy sustainably made products. Net Sustain is launching with 26 brands and over 500 product that "meet the business’ criteria for sustainability." The criteria ranges from "considered materials and processes to reducing waste in their supply chain, taking into account human, animal and environmental welfare and aligning with internationally recognized best practices in the fashion and beauty industries."  Sustainable brands launching within the Net Sustain group include exclusive capsule collections from Stella McCartney, Mother of Pearl x BBC Earth and Maggie Marilyn as well core products from the likes of Ninety Percent, Fisch, Lem Lem, Peony, Veja, Hereu, Nannacay, and Chopard.  "We have always wanted to provide our customer with the best products and allow them to make informed choices when shopping on the site," Elizabeth von der Goltz, Net-a-Porter's global buying director, said in a statement. "Our sustainable edit provides our customers with the knowledge they need, understanding that they can trust that these brands have been carefully reviewed and meet our criteria for inclusion. Our aim is to give a voice to the brands that are truly making positive changes by providing them with a platform to highlight their best practice.”  WELCOME TO #NETSUSTAIN: Our platform for considered, authentic and innovative brands, products and content – a celebration of creativity that's driven by a desire to make fashion more sustainable.  @motherofpearl focuses on traceability across their entire supply chain – designer @amy_powney is committed to sourcing more sustainable fibres for her collections. Head to Stories to learn more.  Shop the exclusive collection now at #NETAPORTER. A post shared by  NET-A-PORTER (@netaporter) on Jun 18, 2019 at 2:21am PDT Net-a-Porter is also making it easier for customers to find the aforementioned brands on the site by stamping each item with a badge and placing the brands in its own section on the website. Net Sustain plans to expand its pool of sustainable brands in the future with plans to add a beauty vertical in the next year. 
   But thank Everlane because they just launched a grown-up version of the '90s tank and it only costs $18. The ethical fashion brand is known for their endless stream of great basics, and these new tanks are no different. Each silhouette is the kind you could get away with at the office, are made of 100 percent cotton, and come in super wearable colors. Plus they're produced in a socially-conscious factory in Vietnam (the brand is all about transparency in their production lines). Read on for more on the spaghetti strap tank, plus some other ones we're currently loving from the brand. As we mentioned, Everlane's version of the spaghetti strap is our favorite on the market. It comes in four different colors including baby blue (a '90s color if there ever was one) and the jersey cotton is super soft but thick. But for the braless types, be aware that the white color way could show off more than you bargained for.  Everlane perfected the length on this, hitting right at your hips. The neckline on the cutaway is a wide racerback, which will flatter both narrow and broad shoulders. Bonus: We know most offices are weird about cotton tanks, but the clean lines on this cut is so elegant you could wear it alone or under a blazer.  For a looser fit, reach for Everlane's muscle tank. It has a breezy, boyish won't cling to the body and like the cutaway tank, the neckline is a little higher and the straps are wide enough to hide a bra under, also making it ideal for the workplace.  Stock up on every style and color now, because this is a summer staple that is sure to sell out fast. 
 Pitti Uomo, the menswear trade show in Florence, Italy, kicked off earlier this week bringing hoards of handsome, well-dressed men (and women!) to Fortezza da Basso. Click through for our favorite looks, plus daily updates from what some say is the best street style season of all the fashion weeks combined. 
 Ciara is in, what she likes to call, a "very free space." We hear it on her latest project, Beauty Marks. We feel it as she steps into the role of CEO at her entertainment company of the same name. And we see it across her Instagram page, where she shares intimate snippets of her family life, coupled with stunning captures of her impeccable style. It's the latter that earned her the Style Icon Award at this year's 23rd Annual ACE Awards. CiCi invited us into her suite ahead of the ceremony, where she talked her fashion evolution — from the swimsuit-denim pairing of "Goodies" past, to her extravagant Giambatista Valli trains of today — and what it means to level up her signature tomboy-chic look. 
 It's giving me Cher Horowitz vibes too.  The shoe needs of summer—lightweight and ready to party at any given moment—are so much more fun than the shoe needs of its opposite season (winter = waterproof = boring).  I've figured out my go-to flat sandal, as well as my white sneaker, but a heel that could work for the office and a summer wedding has been my Achilles' heel. A vital supporting-actor role in the stage that is my closet, to be sure, but I just couldn't find the right candidate for the job. Enter, Aera's Sally Heel. Why's it so great? This is a factor that's becoming increasingly important to me: In my older, wiser years I'm more willing to spend extra on items that were made ethically. AERA is the brand-new vegan shoe line from industry-vets Jean-Michel Cazabat and Tina Bhojwani (the former has had an eponymous shoe line for years; the latter, senior-level positions at major fashion houses) and Alvertos Revach. The trio is committed to using vegan materials, but also recycled products wherever possible (and skipping things like all the crazy amounts of plastic stuff you find tucked in a new box of shoes). Off-setting any unavoidable bad is also part of its thing. There's no denying that the production process requires water, for instance, but the quid-pro-quo setup means the company puts funds toward restoring water to natural areas in the U.S. that are in critical need.  Blame it on becoming a proper adult, blame it on the continued popularity of sneakers: I just don't really wear heels anymore. That said, there are certain dresses or situations where something more polished than my favorite velcro Vejas are required, and, finally, I've got my answer. Three inches seems to be the magic number. Any higher and you start to teeter or ache; much lower and you're into kitten-heel territory (which sometimes works, sometimes doesn't). At exactly three, Sally is just right. I've never gotten fully on-board with the '90s resurgence, but there is one vibe I'm willing to dip my literal toe in: the sexy, barely-there sandal. The single strap and slingback are something that's so easy to picture on Cher Horowitz or Carrie Bradshaw (ideally worn with a slip dress—or whatever passes for a dress per Calvin Klein). The throwback feeling is subtle enough, though, that you're not running the risk of getting tired of Sally. Comfort- and looks-wise, it's the sort of shoe you'll keep coming back to.
 After eight years of designing for Kenzo, LVMH has announced that Humberto Leon and Carol Lim are exiting their roles as co-creative directors. When they joined, the duo made history as the first Asian-American creative directors in LVMH history (the company was founded in 1987), revitalizing the sleepy brand with cult must-haves like the Kenzo tiger sweatshirt and T-shirts. "Humberto and Carol consistently brought diversity and inclusion to the forefront at Kenzo, using their collections, fashion shows, advertising, and special projects to engage and galvanize a new generation of creatives," said Kenzo CEO Sidney Toledano in a statement. Most notably, Leon and Lim debuted Kenzo's men's and women's spring 2018 collections in Paris on a cast comprised exclusively of models of Asian descent. In total there were 83 models, many of whom flew in from Japan, Korea, and Taiwan especially for the show.  An All-Asian cast (mens/women's)  at a super-fun @Kenzo show. 80'ish models in total. ‪🇰🇷🇯🇵🇨🇳🇻🇳🇹🇭🇲🇾🇱🇦🇵🇭‬ #AsianPride A post shared by  Phil Oh (@mrstreetpeeper) on Jun 25, 2017 at 3:01pm PDT The two are reportedly leaving to focus on their Opening Ceremony collection, and their last collection will be in Paris at Mens' Fashion Week on June 23.  Their replacement will be announced at a later date. 
 Isn't it time you retire that free bag you got outside of a Whole Foods? Sure, those dingy canvas totes are OK, but when it comes to choosing an office-ready bag, make form meet function. Chic carryalls that can handle your laptop do exist. Upgrade yourself to Valentino's new it-bag, shop an option from H&M that looks way more expensive than it is, and more office-ready bags with our roundup ahead.   Everlane's Form bag is one of our favorite functional-yet-cute styles.  Fire engine red is a neutral, yes?  The elegant wave of this bag takes the classic leather tote to a whole new level.  Go green with Rebecca Minkoff's punchy take on the tote bag. Valentino's new Vring bags look and feel like a gift.  This structured tote is a '90s throwback.  If you're going the secondhand route, rediscover #OldCeline goodies from Phoebe Philo's reign.  Staud also makes this bag in a mini version, just in case you don't need to lug around your laptop everyday.  H&M is at it again, making an oversized tote that looks way more expensive than it actually is.  This surprisingly roomy bag is enough to carry your computer and all of your daily essentials.  We love the extra long straps on Bottega Veneta's new Arco bag.  You might be in the office, but your mindset is OOO. This summery macramé tote brings the beach to you.  
 “Glaciers in Iceland are retreating, and have been since about 1985,” says Throstur Thorsteinsson, an environmental scientist with the University of Iceland’s Institute of Earth Sciences, the premier research organization studying glacial processes and climate change in Iceland. Sólheimajökull, the setting of ELLE’s photo shoot—a nearly seven-mile-long outlet glacier that flows from the south part of Mýrdalsjökull—is particularly vulnerable to a warming climate due to its location and shape. Thorsteinsson says that scientific models predict the country’s characteristic glaciers will disappear within one to two centuries, but even that estimate is likely too conservative. In Iceland, where snow and ice have always been part of the rugged, elemental landscape, climate change is not a polarizing subject—a 2017 poll shows that 97 percent of the population believes that humans are responsible for rising global temperatures. Melting glaciers, unusual weather events, and some of the hottest temperatures on record have pushed the issue to the forefront of Icelanders’ consciousness. “Pretty much everyone believes” climate change is happening, Thorsteinsson says.  Iceland is a world leader when it comes to embracing renewable energy sources such as geothermal energy and hydropower, but it can’t do it alone. Here on the glacier, the evidence is clear that Sólheimajökull is shrinking fast: A combination of stream erosion and ice melt is causing the glacier to retreat at the same time it is thinning. Last year’s measurements showed that it had retreated about 500 feet since the previous year—adding up to a total loss of nearly a mile since 1930, when scientists began monitoring the glacier. Accelerating glacial melt means drastic changes for our planet as a whole, including a worldwide rise in sea level, which threatens life along the coasts for over a hundred million people.   Hair by Mustafa Yanaz for Matrix; makeup by Ciara O’Shea for Kevyn Aucoin Beauty; model: Estella Boersma at Elite; produced by Pétur Sigurõsson at Truenorth. Inspired by Iceland is the project of Visit Iceland, the official destination marketing office for Iceland, which aims to attract responsible tourism to Iceland and to support the promotion of Icelandic culture abroad.
 A mix of must-haves and indulgences. With a little chonk on the way, soon-to-be dads have a lot on their minds. What better time to give them a meditation headset than before the baby arrives? Father's Day is around the corner (it's on June 16, people!), so spoil the guy with things that will make him feel prepared. We've rounded up the best in tech, Dad Style essentials, and more gift ideas ahead.  He's going to need a waterproof jacket when the baby gets fussy and...throw up-y.  Relieve new dad paranoia with a doorbell that automatically records people at your stoop.   Not everything should be recorded with your phone. Upgrade him to this well-reviewed camcorder.  He'll be grateful for a gift card that goes to making dinner easier.  He'll need all the coffee.  Gift this before the baby arrives. Whether he uses it after is none of our business.    Again: Makes cooking easier.  He won't need help falling asleep, but this super comfy pillow will make sure he doesn't hurt his neck.  Muse's headband is meditation for the future. If your mind starts to wander soft rain will sound, and if you go off track, it will thunderstorm to bring you back to center. Nobody needs peace of mind like new parents.  A hoodie is part of a classic Dad Uniform, but this one takes it a step further. There are interior pocket made specifically for baby bottles, diapers, and more.  He'll never lose his wallet, keys, or phone again with this tracking set.  He will be stoked to wear this high-quality diaper bag and carrier set. It'll make him feel like a pilot (with a baby on board).  Breakfasts become an afterthought once fatherhood starts. Prep him with a great blender so he can make protein smoothies every morning.  The little tyke is on their way, but they're already a diehard fan of dad's favorite team. If you're feeling extra generous, throw in a pair of game tickets before the baby arrives.  It's natural to fall back on wardrobe basics during the early stages of parenthood. Get him a pair of classic Blundstone boots that look great, but are also crazy comfortable.  His baby is about to arrive—a glass of whiskey might be necessary to shake off the nerves.  A baby seat should not look this good, but leave it to the Scandinavian brand BabyBjorn to design this sleek bouncer. To note, babies go nuts on this thing.  Noise-cancelling is a life-saver when you're in dire need of just a few second of silence.  Children hate the thought of matching their dads. As parents, you you don't care.  You can't not coo at tiny shoes. Your soon-to-be dad will melt.   Men who hate the idea of pre-made baby food should own a Baby Bullet. This set makes sure his tot gets the best smushed carrots in town.   This famous book isn't the end all, be all guide to parenting, but it's a good start.  If your guy is anxious about losing his precious work out schedule, get him a jogging stroller. He can take his mini me on the run, literally.   This men's supplement is chock full of Vitamin B, C, and Bacopa. Together they help reduce anxiety, increase energy, and help with mental clarity, all things new dads need.  If he's carrying his baby 24/7, he needs a hands-free way to keep track of time. 
 Time to stock up!  Finding a good bra is easier said than done, so when you finally find one that's pretty, supportive, and affordable, it's time to stock up. Thanks to ThirdLove, you can do just that.  The brand famous for its spot-on fit finder is has an epic "buy more, save more" bundle that will save you some serious cash. Right now, you can take $15 off two bras, $25 off three bras, and $40 off four bras. So the more you buy, the more you'll save. Um, yes please. Shop our favorite styles below. Your lingerie drawer will thank you.   This is hands-down the prettiest racerback bra we've seen in a long time. Calling all new moms and mothers-to-be: You need this bra. With a front-closure and easy-open cups, it's a game-changer for feeding and pumping. This versatile option that can be worn with everything from sundresses, to sweaters, to T-shirts.  This sweet eyelet style is just as pretty as it is practical.  This is the bra you need to pair with your favorite V-neck top.  A strapless bra that will actually stay up? Sign me up. The silicone strips on the top and bottom edges keep everything in place.  Here's a wireless option that will make you forget you're even wearing a bra. 
From: Marie Claire US

 Stranger Things is making its way back to Netflix on July 4th and Nike is dropping an entire collection dedicated to the cult hit to celebrate.  Ahead of the upcoming Stranger Things 3 release, Nike is redesigning timeless '80s silhouettes in colors inspired by the show's Hawkins High School. For the first collection launching June 27, the Nike x Hawkins High Cortez, Nike x Hawkins High Blazer Mid, Nike x Hawkins High Air Tailwind 79 are all cast in Hawkins High's green and orange signature colors and feature the Tiger mascot. The Hawkins High pack also features gym gear, including a Hawkins High t-shirt, hoodie with "Phys. Ed" written on the front, and a Hawkins High cap  that brings back memories of how much we hated our own PE class.    On July 1, just days before Stranger Things season three drops, Nike will return with the second half of the collection dubbed the "OG Pack," featuring the Nike Cortez, Blazer, and Air Tailwind covered in red, white, and blue to celebrate Independence Day, the day season three officially hits Netflix.  Each sneaker in the pack retails for $120 and the Hawkins High apparel ranges from $32 to $70. As you prepare your coins, catch up on everything you need to know about Stranger Things 3 here. 
 When social media's Rickey Thompson walked the Alexander Wang Season 2 show back in December we knew that was just the beginning of their relationship.  The designer cuts pieces for the cool kids, items that will take them from Instagram to the coolest parties and back again, so Thompson was an obvious choice.    y’all...I WAS FEELING MYSELF😭 woww I still can’t get over this!! IM SO HAPPY😭 A post shared by  Rickey Thompson (@rickeythompson) on Dec 1, 2018 at 7:33pm PST Today, the duo is teaming up again with Thompson starring in a new video for Alexanderwang.T's Wash n Go Collection 2 2019. In it, Thompson plays as an infomercial salesperson at Alexanderwang Factories, where he demonstrates just how reliable and durable the Wash n Go pieces are.  Modeled by Australian model Cat McNeil, Thompson walks us through common mishaps that occur during our day-to-day duties that might ruin our clothing, including stubborn mascara marks, coffee stains, and dirty water spots. He explains that the beauty about the collection is that after just one wash, those spills and stains are gone (so no long dry-cleaning lines for us) and you'll be on your way to "work, play, rinse, repeat, and go," he says in his signature animated voice.  "Wash & go caters to the woman who needs to go from day to night to day again with convenience and ease," the brand explains in a press release. "She doesn’t have time to wait for the dry cleaner to finish cleaning her favorite summer slip dress because she needs it for a party tomorrow." Shop the Alexanderwang.t collection now at alexanderwang.com.  
 Ever since the Olsen twins became the it girls of the aughties, they soon became known for serving looks. Often hard to tell apart (despite actually being fraternal twins), Mary-Kate and Ashley started to use their style preferences as a point of differentiation. Mary-Kate—who is never afraid to take a risk—is known for pushing the envelope when it comes to fashion, and often wears bold colors, prints, and shapes without abandon. Ashley, on the other hand, prefers more classic pieces.   Since launching their clothing line, The Row, the twins have morphed into award-winning fashion designers and bohemian goddesses that are hailed for their signature style. Here, a look back at the Olsen twins's fashion evolution, from past to present. Wearing black and white ensembles with black round sunglasses.  The twins looked super cute in matching tank dresses while attending ABC's fall kick off party at the Hammer Museum in California. For the premiere of Rush Hour 2 in Hollywood, Mary-Kate and Ashley wore satin halter tops and dress pants.  While presenting funds to a charity in London, the twins both wore cream colored tops with a chunky belt and flared blue jeans. For the premiere of Austin Powers in Goldmember, the twins wore matching butterfly printed camisoles and black pants. For the 2002 Video Music Awards, Ashley wore a metallic camisole and leather skirt, while Mary-Kate opted for a black top and printed velvet pants. At the premiere for Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle, Mary-Kate wore a kimono-inspired maxi dress, while Ashley chose a daisy printed halter gown. At the launch of their clothing line in Paris, the twins went for very different looks. Ashley wore a olive green blazer and blue jeans combo and Mary-Kate sported a belted dress over flared blue jeans.  For the premiere of Starsky & Hutch, Mary-Kate and Ashley went for a simple look and both wore a white t-shirt and skirt combo.  The 17th Annual Kids' Choice Awards saw the Olsen twins testing out a more mature look. Mary-Kate wore a plunging v-neck dress and Ashley went for a girlier look, wearing a flirty bandeau top and a satin skirt.  For their Walk of Fame ceremony, the girls both wore midi dresses: Ashley in white, Mary-Kate in lavender. A few days later, the twins attended the premiere of their movie, New York Minute. Both went for feminine looks with Ashley wearing a satin slip dress and Mary-Kate in a tiered eyelet dress.  At the Vanity Fair Tribeca Film Festival party, Mary-Kate wore pops of pink, while Ashley preferred more neutral shades.  For the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of New York Minute, Ashley wore another long satin dress. This time, Mary-Kate opted for a fun polka-dotted dress with pink heels for a pop of color. The 2004 Video Music Awards saw the twins dressed in similar silhouettes. Mary-Kate kept it simple in plain white, but Ashley jazzed it up with a pink and orange print. The twins dressed down for Marc Jacobs's fashion show. Ashley kept it casual with a brown fur coat, jeans, and a t-shirt. Mary-Kate wanted make more of a statement and wore a bold green coat with a red sheath dress underneath. For their first Met Gala, the twins attended the event wearing delicate lace dresses. Ashley wore a golden Oscar de la Renta dress, while Mary-Kate chose a vintage piece. The theme for the evening was "House of Chanel."  France's Amfar Gala saw Mary-Kate wearing a red satin jacket for a pop of color to her white gown, while Ashley chose to wear a black and taupe striped gown with a plunging neckline. At the ninth annual ACE Awards, the twins both chose simple gowns. Mary-Kate wore a pastel blue, strapless draped gown. Ashley, fan of the plunging neckline, opted for a long sleeve gown in black. Mary-Kate and Ashley were polar opposites for HBO's pre-Golden Globe Awards party, but the sisters both wore a bold red lip to match. The twins stunned backstage at Badgley Mischka's NYFW show, with Ashley in a mauve, floor-grazing velvet gown, and Mary-Kate in a black, sparkling gown with stripes. At the 2006 CDFA Fashion Awards, the twins wore floor-length dresses in bright mustard yellow and green. For their fourth Met Gala appearance, the twins both wore dresses by Diane von Furstenberg. Ashley opted for a simple black gown with cut-outs, but Mary-Kate stood out in shimmering gold. The theme of the evening was "Superheroes: Fashion and Fantasy." The twins were inducted as members of the CDFA, and both wore black and white ensembles to the ceremony. While attending The Museum Of Modern Art's tribute to Tim Burton, the girls went for casual looks. Mary-Kate wore a quirky top hat and a cheetah printed coat, topping off the look with a vampy red lip. Ashley chose a simpler look with a blue dress underneath a black peacoat. At the New York premiere for Nine, the twins both went for bold looks. Mary-Kate showed in multicolored jacket while Ashley wore a shaggy fur coat by Zac Posen and accessorized it with an Hermés bag. For the launch of their JC Penney women's clothing line, Olsenboye, Mary-Kate and Ashley both wore red and black coats for the occasion. At amfAR's NYFW Gala, the twins went with bold jackets again. Mary-Kate wore a black Zac Posen fur jacket, while Ashley chose an open, patterned black jacket by Dries van Norten. For ELLE's Style Awards, Mary-Kate and Ashley both wore flowy gowns. Mary-Kate wore an all black Lanvin gown, while Ashley wore a beige tulle Christian Lacroix gown. The twins are seen posing at an event hosted by Donatella Versace in two very different looks. Mary-Kate wore a show-stopping leopard printed Proenza Schouler dress with stacks of multicolored bracelets, while Ashley wore a black lace Comme de Garçon dress with heels.
 It started slowly. Its creeping presence grew on my feed over the past few months, but like a monster rearing its ugly head. Then, I finally realized the new shade amongst us: everyone is obsessed with all types of green. Shrek green, Kermit green, Gomora green, Grass green, Avocado green—influencers, brands, and celebrities cannot get enough. Forget Millennial pink guys, because as it turns out, green does look good on you.   @luabalua and the flower woman.  New Resort 2020 collection. Sculpture by Roy Kanwit.  Photos by me Styling/creative @rachaelwangstudio  Beauty @tinnaempera A post shared by  Mara Hoffman 🐪 (@marahoffman) on Jun 6, 2019 at 7:35am PDT  green bean🌱 A post shared by  alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on Mar 26, 2019 at 5:17pm PDT    ⚡️⚡️ @savagexfenty’s new June drop!! OUT NOW! savagex.com A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Jun 1, 2019 at 7:07am PDT Secondly, pistachio hues are infiltrating the fashion industry as a whole, seen with Instagram-famous designers like Staud and runways giants like Jacquemus and Mara Hoffman like. But the trend isn't limited to clothing and accessories. Makeup artist Hung Vanngo dolled up Selena Gomez with sparkly Shrek eyeshadow, and we're green with envy, excited to do the same.    💚 A post shared by  Hung Vanngo (@hungvanngo) on Feb 20, 2019 at 7:04am PST  Green, as a whole, is widely underrated and under-worn, but these shades are surprisingly palatable. Universally flattering and nice against a range of complexions, it's easy to see why everyone is gravitating toward it. Plus, it Instagrams really well for summer and contrasts beautifully against the beach and blue skies.  And that, my friends, is the (green) tea.  
 Savage x Fenty Scalloped Lace Bralette Set, $48.50; savagex.com SHOP NOW
 Have you ever wanted to go into a store and haggle like you're at junk yard? Well, Everlane gives you that option with their version of a sale, The Choose What You Pay program. It let's you, the world-renowned penny pincher, choose from three different discounted prices for the same product (because yes, the transparent, eco-friendly, and socially-conscious brand just keeps getting better.) From office essentials to the only pair of skinny jeans I own, they've slashed prices on some of their best sellers, so shop our top ten favorite basics ahead. Marked down to $111 Marked down to $62 Marked down to $48 Marked down to $60 Marked down to $70 Marked down to $47 Marked down to $45 Marked down to $135 Marked down to $66 Marked down to $8
 "This government is trying to take away the woman’s right to choose and that’s unacceptable." It should come as no surprise by now that Billy Porter knows how to wow on the red carpet. After attending the Oscars in a tuxedo gown and getting carried into the Met Gala dressed as an Egyptian god, it should be expected that he'll leave jaws dropping upon arrival; and yet, when appeared at the Tony Awards last night, he left us shook nonetheless.    The Pose star and Tony winner attended the NYC-based ceremony in an ornate red and pink custom look by Celestino Couture. The ensemble, which the designer described as a "gender-fluid evening suit" to The Hollywood Reporter, featured a long vest and slim pants topped with a velvet and tulle structured skirt. The silhouette was inspired by Elizabethan couture, Porter told THR.   Pumpin' out of the @thelowellhotel on my way to the @thetonyawards in my custom @orelbrodtdesigns encrusted @swarovski pumps! 📸: @santiagraphy⠀ Style: @sammyratelle for @rrrcreative Agency Styling Assistants: @ashleymarienyc & @theetanishawilliams ⠀ Grooming: @lasonyagunter⠀ Manicurist: @courtneyfosterbeauty⠀ Custom Dress: @celestinocouture ⠀ Fine Jewelry: @oscarheyman ⠀ Custom Shoes: @orelbrodtdesigns⠀ Custom Bag: @emmkuony  Custom Eyewear: @mercuranyc A post shared by  Billy Porter (@theebillyporter) on Jun 9, 2019 at 10:01pm PDT More importantly, however, the look made a statement about women's reproductive rights. Porter explained that at the fitting of his custom look, he and the designer discussed incorporating a subtle pattern on the train in the shape of a uterus. "And I thought it was awesome because women’s rights are under attack right now," Porter told THR, alluding to the several U.S. states that have passed restrictive abortion laws, thus challenging a women's right to choose what she does with her body.  "I’m an advocate for all who are disenfranchised," he continued. "None of us are free until we’re all free!"  She was purched OUT at the @thelowellhotel, henneys. Thank you @celestinocouture for everything. A reminder, fashion can be FIERCE and FUN! 📸: @santiagraphy⠀ ⠀ Style: @sammyratelle for @rrrcreative Agency Styling Assistants: @ashleymarienyc & @theetanishawilliams⠀ Custom Dress: @celestinocouture ⠀ A post shared by  Billy Porter (@theebillyporter) on Jun 9, 2019 at 9:45pm PDT Porter added, "I really want to make sure that I’m showing up for all of the disenfranchised people I can so that we can find power in our unity. This government is trying to take away the woman’s right to choose and that’s unacceptable. No!" His outfit also included 30,000 Swarovski crystals and used fabric from a curtain from the set of Kinky Boots, the Broadway show for which Porter won a Tony in 2013 for lead actor in a musical. Porter completed the look with a pair of custom embellished heeled sandals by Orel Brodt.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 All of these picks support LGBTQ+ organizations. June is Pride Month (chosen in honor of the Stonewall riots, which occurred June of 1969) and a ton of brands are participating in the celebration by releasing themed Pride merchandise. If you're looking for something to wear to your local festivities, you're in the right place. Shop with purpose with these items—sales and proceeds from the 22 Pride items below benefit organizations dedicated to helping the LGBTQ+ community, including GLAAD, the Human Rights Campaign, and The Trevor Project. And if you're not into any of the products, make direct donations to the foundations of your choosing.  Designed by Michael from Illinois, the "Love for All" tee is one of three designs that won in a Lucky x Love artwork submission contest. The colorful shirt features a unity of different facial profiles. For every tee sold, Lucky Brand will donate $10 to the Los Angeles LGBT Center.  As soon as you slip on these lightweight cotton boxer briefs, you'll never want to leave the bed or couch. The comfy rainbow-striped bottoms are part of Banana Republic's limited-edition capsule collection in celebration of Pride month. Fifty percent of the purchase price from each item sold will go to the United Nations Foundation in support of the United Nations Free & Equal Campaign for LGBTI equality.   This year's Nike BETRUE collection is inspired by non-other than the iconic Pride flag created by Gilbert Baker in 1978. Nike partnered with the Gilbert Baker Estate to design a collection of footwear, appeal, and accessories that features the Pride flag in all merchandise forms. If you're looking for a piece that extends beyond just Pride month, get this rainbow-strapped crossbody bag you'll be proud to wear every day.   Say it loud and proud with American Apparel's "Still here Still queer" t-shirt. This year, 100 percent of the net proceeds from the collection will be donated to the Los Angeles LGBT Center, specifically its Trans-Cosmetic Donation Drive. Cult-favorite Boy Smells is offering a candle called LES in celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising and a half-century of LGBTQIA+ liberation. The scent notes are a mixture of black currant, peach blossom, jasmine rice, cardamom, white cedar and is made from a coconut and beeswax blend. Fifty percent of the profit from the sale of LES throughout the month of June will be donated The Trevor Project, the world's largest suicide prevention and crisis intervention organization for LGBTQ youth. GAP's Pride collection encompasses everything from clothes to accessories in rainbow colors. Scoop up this "Free to be Always" carryall tote, which can be used for anything from holding groceries to your work laptop. Fifteen percent of sales from the Pride collection will go to the United Nations Foundation in support of UN Free & Equal.   J.Crew is back again with its Pride merch and this time, we're scooping up this baseball cap. The rainbow heart embroidery is a subtle way to express support if you don't want to wear all rainbow gear to the office. (We're saving that for the weekend!). Style with your "Love first" tee. Fifty percent of the proceeds from every shirt sold will go to the Human Rights Campaign. Michael Kors released a rainbow capsule collection for Pride Month and it's full of colorful pieces, from this sequin dress to a one-piece swimsuit. On top of that, the label has created a special t-shirt with the brand's iconic charm done in rainbow. For each tee sold, MK will donate 100 percent of the sales to God’s Love We Deliver, an organization with a mission to improve the health and well-being of men, women, and children living with HIV/AIDS, cancer and other serious illnesses by alleviating hunger and malnutrition.  Leah Fredkin, founder of Equality Goods, created this adjustable, multicolored strand bracelet with a safety pin in honor of Pride Month. This bracelet is also a reflection of her own coming out journey, as she had previously made a rainbow bracelet to wear the very first time she ever attended a Pride event. The current bracelet is a representation of compassion, acceptance, and support for oneself and others. Ten dollars from each of the bracelet sales will go to the Los Angeles LGBT Center.  TomboyX, which was founded and run by members of the LGBTQ community, is giving back to the community by releasing the Rainbow Collection. The pieces include all of TomboyX’s classic items, from boy shorts and boxer briefs to racerback bras and unisuits. Ten percent of the sales for the month of June will go to True Colors.  For an accessory that truly goes with every outfit you'll wear this month, attach these two pins (together or separately) to your denim jacket, tops, canvas tote and more. Twenty-two percent of the purchase price will be donated to GLSEN, an organization focused on ensuring safe and affirming schools for LGBTQ students.  Diesel is releasing its first-ever Pride capsule collection of 20 plus items, from tees and bodysuits to visors and a beach towel. Every piece is vibrantly loud in color and powerful. The brand will make a donation to the Stonewall Inn Gives Back Initiative (SIGBI), a non-profit organization that supports LGBTQ+ social initiatives worldwide. Here's a pair of white sneakers with a dash of pizzazz for Pride thanks to the rainbow heel tabs. The cushioned leather kicks were created in honor of LGBTQ+ equality and as part of the collection, Kenneth Cole has made a donation to the United Nations Foundation in support of UN Free & Equal.  Cinq à Sept’s newest collaboration with Saks Fifth Avenue is all about giving back. The brand designed two pieces for Pride, this tie-dye sweatshirt and a unisex Stonewall tee ($95) in honor of the 50th Anniversary of The Stonewall Inn Uprising. Thirty percent of the net proceeds from the capsule collection will be donated to the Stonewall Inn Gives Back Initiative, with a minimum $100,000 donation.  To celebrate Pride month, Stutterheim released its signature Stockholm coat with six bold printed stripes to represent the Pride flag. This colorful outerwear will bat away all the rainy day blues and 10 percent of the proceeds from each coat sold will be donated to the Russian LGBT Network.  Fossil, in collaboration with the Hetrick-Martin Institute, is launching an exclusive Pride month watch that features a subtle rainbow-themed dial with the the words "Pride 2019" and the HMI logo etched on. It has a rainbow strap and case, which you can buy separately. One hundred percent of the proceeds from the watch case will go to the Hetrick-Martin Institute. (There are only 1,000 cases available, so get one asap.) Let it rain soon, so we can slip into these Hunter rainbow-sole booties. The waterproof Pride Play boot comes just in time for the month of June. In addition to creating this boot (you can get the mens version here), Hunter will celebrate five individuals within the LGBTQI+ community and supporting five charities chosen by each of the ambassadors. Feeling a little chilly in the office? Throw on this "Love Is Love" hoodie. In celebration of Pride, American Eagle is partnering with It Gets Better Project to launch a limited-edition rainbow apparel and accessories collection. One hundred percent of the sales will be donated to the organization.  If you're attending any outdoor Pride events, make sure to stay covered in the heat. This bucket hat from the ASOS x GLAAD collab will ensure you rep the occasion in style while also avoiding sunburns. (FYI, their Pride collection has over 50 pierces, so you'll definitely find something you love.) ASOS will be donating 100 percent of all net profits from the collection to GLAAD.   In partnership with GLAAD and OUT Magazine, Express launched its Love Unites campaign last month along with its first-ever Pride capsule collection. The 35-piece collection offers everything from hoodies and tees to tank tops and bodysuits. For a hint of rainbow in your neutral wardrobe, opt for this one stylish one piece, which can be worn with jeans or denim shorts. Express will donate 25 percent of the net income on each item purchase to GLAAD, with a minimum donation of $100,000. For a unisex shirt you can wear every day, scoop up this graphic top from Trina Turk. The brand is giving twenty percent of the proceeds from this tee to The Point Foundation, a college scholarship fund that provides financial aid for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer individuals in the USA.   Once again, Madewell's limited-edition "Love to All" collection is here for Pride month. The do-good pieces include a bandana, unisex sweatshirt, and a unisex tee featuring Madewell's exclusive rainbow "Love to All" graphic in the shape of a rainbow. You can cozy up in this pullover any day of the month, but especially in June. Fifty percent of the purchase price of each item will go to the Human Rights Campaign, the largest civil rights organization working to ensure LGBTQ people are safe, equal, and free in every community.  •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 
From: Marie Claire US

 The non-basic way to personalize is all about ditching the standard monogram. Welcome to "The Perfect," ELLE.com's roundup of all the elements needed for a perfectly outfitted, vacation, our executed fill-in-the-blank. It's all up to you! Getting something personalized doesn't mean slapping an old-school monogram on it and calling it a day. The more creative you are, the richer the reward. See our favorite ready-to-be-customized finds below. Away The Bigger Carry-On SHOP NOW When it comes to identifying whose bag is whose, it doesn't matter if it's your name or another set of initials. Monica Vinader Havana Friendship Bracelet SHOP NOW The longer bar of an ID bracelet gives you more space to play with copy (or spell out an inside joke). Paravel Packing Cube Trio SHOP NOW Sure, you can monogram your packing cubes, but there's something wonderfully off-kilter about stitching in some attitude. Stubbs & Wootton Mules SHOP NOW The preppy staple is ready to get cheeky. Skip your initials in favor of the offbeat (like honoring the fact your dog's so money). The Daily Edited Phone Case SHOP NOW  As the accessory you use every. day., your phone case should be one you love. Get playful with a tongue-in-cheek message. Clare V Annie Tote SHOP NOW  Have a catchphrase or rallying cry? Add it to your everyday bag for an unexpected spot of personality.  Zoë Chicco Dog Tag Charm SHOP NOW Layers and layers of personalized charms have come back in favor. Do one better by engraving a favorite lyric, mantra, or life moment. Parker Thatch The Big Bag SHOP NOW Make something yours, no doubt about it, by emblazoning a personality-packed phrase. Emojis optional, but encouraged.
 Got Me In My Leggings is ELLE.com's leggings review column. I love leggings. I own 25 pairs. Yes, it is more than any one person should have. No, I do not feel like I have enough! That's my cross to bear, thanks to the human condition. Look, leggings are perfect. They are skin for your skin. They are unutterably comfortable. I want them in my life. I want them in your life. This is why I have deemed myself the leggings expert at ELLE.com. Luckily, nobody else wanted that position. Thanks to all my colleagues! For my first ever foray into leggings service journalism, I knew I needed something special. It couldn't be a run-of-the-mill pair or even an old stalwart. I would have to venture boldly into the lycra atmosphere. With the help of our Style Director, Nikki Ogunnaike, I landed on the Ronda legging, a high-rise, 7/8 length style from the Veronica Beard x Bandier collaboration. Here's what I thought! Are you kidding? These improved my day by at least 7 percent (that's a lot!) when they arrived at the office. I was curious how Veronica Beard, an editor-esteemed brand known for tailoring and delicate floral prints, would approach athleisure. The results are a surprise, but a welcome one. Design-wise, the direction is so much louder and racier than I assumed it would be: a photorealistic leopard print broken up by neon pink and black side stripes (a detail that could be, I acknowledge, too zingy for some). But it just made me feel happy. Extra Spice. Khloé Kardashian in Revenge Body mode. What activity should you do in these? Pretend to be super rich. Are they comfortable? Super comfy. The polyester/nylon/elastane blend feels like it's great quality: thick, but it doesn't restrict your movement. Wearing these for a whole day was a cinch. Honestly, I could have worn them for a week. Just this one, although there's a capri featuring black fabric instead of the leopard. The range also contains sweatpants and bike shorts in the same colorway.  I got compliments from three different co-workers about these, specifically about how flattering they are. The thick side stripes create an optical illusion that your legs are smaller from the side. This is counterbalanced by the fact that the stripes follow the curve of your hips and thighs, which makes you look shapely as hell from the front. Bam! The Ronda's fabric is super thick and stretchy, meaning no cameltoe. But the design is so distracting that nobody will notice if you do have one.  Only if you're me and have a leggings column, or probably if you work in "sports." But this is certainly a RAH RAH RAH I'M WEARING LEGGINGS–type deal. Save 'em for SoulCycle. I'm not in charge of your life, but I wore these with an Adidas track jacket and people were into it. Then I borrowed a cow-print cowboy hat from a fashion shoot and people started fainting all over the place. Sorry 'bout it!
 Being a first time dad is a terrifying time, but at least now they can officially wear a Dad Hat. For their first Father's Day, help him battle fatigue with an indestructible mug, make him feel seen with Michael Chabon, and induct him into fatherhood with Dad Style things he can finally wear (without irony). Shop our edit of 21 life-saving gifts, here.  Wearing a dad hat before his baby was born used to be ironic. Now it's a a lifestyle.  A sleeping baby is the greatest present, and this vibrating bouncer will aid just that.  Bose's new noise-cancelling headphones, which drops later this month, will be his lifesaver.  Parents change their clothes just as often as babies do...  They might be more concerned with their baby's health than theirs, but this is a gently reminder that you care about dads too.  Simple house slippers is a small luxury they didn't know they needed.  This is a diaper bag masquerading as a regular, easy-to-wear backpack.   As Prince Harry proved, dads who wear jewelry are hot.  With a baby in tow he'll be living in a hoodie. You might as well make it a nice one.  This 120-piece kit will alleviate any fear he has of children scabbing their knees.  Michael Chabon, official Dad Author, compiled a book of essays on fatherhood. It will make your guy feel seen.  Gift the dad a matching jacket, and watch everyone in the room melt. A growing family means there is less time for prepping meals. A slow cooker makes cooking dinner easier  This mirrorless camera takes pictures that are just as beautiful as a DSLR, but are way less cumbersome when you're handling a baby.  Self-care is important during the baby's first few years. He needs to trim his nose hairs.  Start their kid's music tastes off early with David Bowie sneakers.  He's a zombie. This refreshing body wash will help wake him up.  He used to just grab a cup of coffee at his office, but now he'll need one 24/7.  Seriously, is there anything hotter than a dad in a baby carrier?   Instead of the tradition of giving a dad a tie, switch it up with a yearly gift of socks. Dads love "fun" socks. 
 For its July issue, ELLE partnered with Conservation International to highlight women on a mission to fight climate change.    Sustainability is a buzzword these days. But at ELLE, it’s always top of mind. For our July issue we partnered with Conservation International to celebrate and raise awareness of women making a difference in climate change—from marine biologists to supermodels. When deciding whom to feature on our four covers, we sought out women who live at the intersection of style and substance—whose work in service of a better planet is as impressive as their runway résumés. From Gisele Bundchen’s passion for the rainforest and Doutzen Kroes’s fight to protect elephant populations, to Naomi Campbell’s green humanitarian work and Anja Rubik’s crusade against plastic pollution in our oceans, they are as passionate as they are picture-perfect.  We also highlight 27 of the brightest female minds leading the way to a sustainable future—including the congresswomen working to pass the Green New Deal and an app developer who’s found a way to crowdsource cleaning our oceans. Also on the list: 16-year-old Greta Thunberg, whose words to a crowd of adults at Davos apply to us all: “I want you to act as if the house was on fire. Because it is.” There is no more waiting for tomorrow. The time is now.     Gisele Bundchen  read her story   Naomi Campbell read her story    Doutzen Kroes read her story    Anja Rubik read her story     read the story  read read read read  Read Read 
 Anyone who thinks the fashion industry doesn’t care about climate change would have done well to drop in at the Collina Strada show at New York Fashion Week in February. Models walked the runway wearing a collection made from 75 percent dead-stock (surplus) fabric, accompanied not by a thudding bass but by a rousing speech from the teenage environmental activist Xiuhtezcatl Martinez. The beads on the clothes came from recycled ocean glass, a collaboration with the organization 4Ocean. For designer Hillary Taymour, the event presented an opportunity to publicly reckon with how she and her peers have fallen short when it comes to sustainability. Fashion brands’ green initiatives can often come across as lip service: While the claim that the industry is the second-most-polluting in the world has been debunked, its toll on the environment is undeniably significant, marked by widespread chemical use and a heavy carbon footprint. Meanwhile, fast fashion encourages shoppers to refresh their closets constantly, sending clothing from sales floor to landfill with alarming speed. According to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, 73 percent of materials used to produce clothing end up either in landfills or burned; less than 1 percent is reused.  But a growing number of designers and executives seem intent on having a serious conversation about sustainability—and, more importantly, making real moves to decrease their environmental impact. We’re not just talking about the longtime environmental champions, like Stella McCartney, a leader in the use of materials like vegetarian leather and faux fur, and Livia Firth, cofounder of the sustainability consultancy firm Eco-Age and creator of the Green Carpet Challenge. (The latter uses red-carpet moments to raise awareness of environmentally friendly fashion. What better way to get the public excited about sustainability than Gisele in a fabulous gown?) It’s now de rigueur for luxury brands to have an executive devoted to all things green. Cases in point: Marie-Claire Daveu, chief sustainability officer at Kering, and Sylvie Bénard, corporate environment director at LVMH.  There’s an entire fashion task force tackling the plastic problem. We’ve all seen the horrifying images of trash-strewn shores and realized we need to stem the tide. Burberry has set a goal of making all its plastic packaging reusable, recyclable, or compostable by 2025, and Courrèges artistic director Yolanda Zobel is phasing out vinyl from her collections for the brand, which became closely associated with the Space Age material in the 1960s. (Thinking about the future sometimes requires getting creative about honoring the past.)  Denim is one of the most problematic sectors of the fashion industry because its production pollutes and wastes water. But labels have become more conscious of the issue. Last year, G-Star Raw launched what it calls its Most Sustainable Jeans Ever; its summer 2019 collection took things one step further by using just a two-dip (rather than the usual eight-dip) dyeing process—saving 75 percent of the water normally required.  Others are focusing on maximizing what they have. Young designers such as Marine Serre and Chromat’s Becca McCharen-Tran have leaned into crafting clothing from surplus fabrics, a restriction that hasn’t limited the exuberance of their work in the least. Chopard, under the guidance of eco-minded artistic director and co-president Caroline Scheufele, has become a proponent of ethically sourced gold and has minimized its reliance on new metals by recycling as much as 70 percent of its own production waste. Streamlining production doesn’t just happen on the factory floor. Photographer Alexi Lubomirski, best known to the world for taking Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s official engagement and wedding pictures, strives to conduct his fashion shoots with the smallest carbon footprint possible. In April, he launched the Creatives4Change initiative, asking his colleagues to cease working with fur, feathers, and exotic skins, which the photographer already avoids in his own work. Diane von Furstenberg and power photography duo Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin have already signed on.  Entrepreneur Carmen Busquets, who predicted the rise of luxury e-commerce as a founding investor of Net-a-Porter, sees sustainability as the new way forward. She has made it a point to invest in companies like Unmade, which aims to stanch mass production by enabling brands to offer custom clothing on demand, and Sana Jardin, a fragrance company with a closed-loop production system that turns its waste into products like scented candles and orange blossom water. Nadja Swarovski of crystal maker Swarovski, in addition to sitting on the company’s executive board and leading its sustainability efforts, set up the Swarovski Foundation in 2013 to support environmental organizations like the Nature Conservancy and Barefoot College.  Increasingly, it seems that there’s a cost to not establishing sustainability measures. With growing consumer attention on our environmental crisis, brands that don’t make moves to reduce their impact are inevitably going to miss out. Fashion may never be completely zero waste, but that’s no reason not to try. This article originally appeared in the July 2019 issue of ELLE.  GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Anja Rubik recently went for a beachside stroll in Malibu with her friend Anthony Vaccarello, the creative director of Saint Laurent. It was just another day in paradise, until Rubik spotted pieces of plastic waste clogging the shore. “I couldn’t just pass and ignore it, so I ended up on my knees,” picking up the trash, she recalls. “He’s like, ‘No, let’s go for a walk.’ I’m like, ‘Listen! This is stronger than me. You don’t understand!’ ”  An avid scuba diver, Rubik started noticing that when she returned to the same underwater spots, there were fewer varieties of marine life and more garbage. “I’d come up with these huge bags of plastic and trash,” she says. When she started to research the issue, she learned that 8 million tons of plastic are dumped into the oceans each year.  “Every time we look at the ocean, it seems exactly the same to our eye,” she says. “And we think it’s going to be fine.” Unfortunately, that’s not the case: She points to the rising pH levels of the water, which contribute to climate change phenomena like the bleaching of coral reefs. “The ocean has always been there, unchanging on the surface and serving as our backyard dump,” she says. “Its sheer enormity was something we floated over, fished from, or flew above.” Rubik had been looking for an environmental organization to get involved with, and in 2016, she met Cyrill Gutsch, the founder of Parley for the Oceans. She liked the fact that Parley was “very action- and solution- based,” she says. “It’s about collaboration. It’s not about protest, not about exclusivity.” Since then, she has been consulting with them on projects and spreading the word about the charity’s work. Parley has adopted what it calls the AIR strategy: Avoid plastic wherever possible, Intercept plastic waste, and Redesign the material itself. Rubik has worked closely with the organization to get the message out that even the smallest lifestyle changes can have a significant impact. When she did a campaign against plastic straws in her native Poland, people would come up to her and ask what difference it made to forgo one straw: “It’s the first step. Once someone remembers to order that drink without the straw, they will soon say no to the plastic cup, and then the plastic bottle,” she’d tell them. She hopes these behavioral shifts will lead to bigger ones. “The next thing you know, they’re voting for a politician who believes in climate change; who sees the dangers of plastic pollution, deforestation, toxic air pollution, and loss of wildlife; and who sees that we have to save our planet.” she says. “We need a fundamental change in our relationship with the planet. We need to consciously and proactively become the generation that saved our planet and, in doing so, become the generation that saved ourselves.”   Rubik, who spoke at the UN for World Oceans Day last June, wants the fashion industry to bring its buzz-creating alchemy to bear on conservation. “We are the experts in change, and we are able to drive movements and create trends faster than any other industry in the world,” she says. “We should use that power to make sustainability no longer just a catchphrase, but the only way forward.”  Hair by David Von Cannon at Starworks Artists; Makeup by Sil Bruinsma at Streeters; Manicure by Makisakamoto at The Wall Group. Produced by Catherine Sans at Serlin Associates. This article originally appeared in the July 2019 issue of ELLE.  GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
  The first place in the United States where Naomi Campbell set foot was New Orleans, courtesy of a shoot for British ELLE. Years later, when Hurricane Katrina struck the city, she, like so many people, sat helplessly watching the disaster unfold on TV. “What can we do?” she asked herself. “We have to do something.” For Campbell, that “something” was mobilizing the fashion community to take action. So with only a week to go before New York Fashion Week, she convinced the then-head of IMG, Teddy Forstmann, to give her a tent in Bryant Park. The result was the first-ever Fashion For Relief show. With Beyoncé and Pat Cleveland walking the runway in looks from Marc Jacobs, Gucci, and Calvin Klein, it was that fashion-beloved thing: a “moment.” “Corny as it may sound,” she says, “we came together to do something.” Campbell has always been a uniter. The first time she went to Brazil, she visited the favelas, despite being warned not to go there. She found their inhabitants to be “very giving, very sweet, not dangerous people,” whom she connected with instantly. She’s forged similar bonds with Syrian refugees in Jordan and young women in Lesotho living with HIV. And she’s involved with the #Togetherband campaign, a partnership between the UN Foundation, Bottletop Foundation, UBS, Eco-Age, Project Everyone, and TO.org to work toward the UN’s 17 global goals for sustainable development. She teamed with TO.org on its Shadowman Van initiative, which has helped build a public bathroom and community center out of discarded plastic bottles in Uganda.  Fashion For Relief is still going strong, and its events have raised money for the victims of natural disasters, including the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan and the 2013 typhoon in the Philippines. Campbell even teamed up with fellow supermodels Linda Evangelista and Christy Turlington to support Knot On My Planet, the elephant-preservation charity for which Doutzen Kroes serves as global ambassador. “Africa is very close to my heart,” Campbell says. “I have a place in Kenya, and it’s tragic and disgusting to know that people are killing elephants for their ivory, destroying the nature and beauty of this continent. So it wasn’t very difficult for me to say yes.” The reunion ended up being one for the books. “Many people have asked us to come together on numerous occasions, but we chose this because we all feel the same way about it.” Conserving natural resources was something the supermodel’s mother “always drilled into me” when she was growing up—“Turn off the lights, don’t run water, be mindful.” Campbell strives to be sustainable with her wardrobe, too. She hangs on to pieces without regard for trend cycles. “I don’t care how old it is, if I have a connection or an affiliation or a love of the creativity of the person who made it and the design, I’m wearing it.” And occasionally, she even takes public transportation, as a recent Valentino ad campaign demonstrated. Does Naomi Campbell really take the subway off-camera? “Of course I’ve taken it,” she says. “And am I recognized? Yes, but if they say hi, I say hi. Do I take it often? No, I don’t. But I have taken it!” Hair by Ro Morgan for Bumble and Bumble; Makeup by Adam Fleischhauer; Manicure by Andy Suh. Produced by Catherine Sans at Serlin Associates.   This article originally appeared in the July 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
   Don’t underestimate the life-changing power of a vacation. “It was love at first sight with the elephants, but also with the Douglas-Hamiltons,” the Dutch supermodel Doutzen Kroes says of her trip to Kenya. There she visited the Elephant Watch Camp in the country’s Samburu National Reserve, operated by mother-and-daughter duo Oria and Saba Douglas-Hamilton. Kroes watched as her then four-year-old son sat transfixed by the elephants for two hours, and found herself equally fascinated. The trip also had a less idyllic element: Kroes learned about how poaching was decimating the elephant population. “I came back with so much anger, but also so much awareness about how we have to put a stop to this,” she says.  Post-trip, she sat down with David Bonnouvrier, the founder of DNA Model Management, and fellow model Trish Goff, and signed on as a global ambassador for Goff and Bonnouvrier’s charity, Knot On My Planet. “Human beings tie knots to not forget about things, and elephants are known to never forget about anything,” she says. “But we are forgetting about them.” What followed was an Ice Bucket Challenge–style social media push, encouraging followers to post pictures of themselves tying knots as a symbolic show of support.   Knot On My Planet has since tapped the trio’s bulging Rolodex of fashion industry contacts, launching projects with Tiffany & Co., Loewe, and Holt Renfrew. For the charity’s social media launch, Kroes performed a supermodel hat trick, reuniting Naomi Campbell, Christy Turlington, and Linda Evangelista for a black-and-white portrait. “They were my idols in the ’90s!” she exclaims. “To get them involved, and to see the trio in one picture...I was on set when it happened, and it was mind-blowing. Doing that for us, and for the elephants, was incredible to witness.” To date, Knot On My Planet has raised $8 million for the cause, and is now the biggest donor to the Elephant Crisis Fund (a joint initiative between Save the Elephants, the Wildlife Conservation Network, and the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation). “To be the voice of a species that doesn’t have one just feels amazing,” she says.   For Kroes, who grew up in eco-friendly Holland biking and eating produce from her family’s vegetable garden, the cause gave her much-needed purpose. “Something clicked. It was like, ‘Now I know why I went through this, and created all these connections,’ because coming from where I came from, I thought, ‘What am I doing to help the world?’ It was incredible to see all these people I have worked with over the years participate in our campaign.”   Grand gestures aside, Kroes strives to conserve as much as possible in small ways. “We don’t have plastic straws in our home—we use stainless steel straws. We don’t have plastic bags; I take a [reusable] shopping bag,” she says. “I drive my husband crazy. Every time he goes shopping, I tell him, ‘Bring the bag!’ ” She even brings her own glass containers to pick up takeout, and hopes that her two children will learn by example: “Sometimes you don’t even need to say anything, just do it.”  Hair by David Von Cannon at Starworks Artists; Makeup by Sil Bruinsma at Streeters; Manicure by Makisakamoto at The Wall Group. Produced by Catherine Sans at Serlin Associates. This article originally appeared in the July 2019 issue of ELLE.  GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 This spring in Paris, when Nike rounded up an inspiring roster of female athletes—including U.S. Olympic fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad, Olympic gold medal–winning gymnast Simone Biles, and former U.S. Women’s National Soccer Team member Brandi Chastain—to unveil the brand’s 2019 World Cup uniforms, the message wasn’t just one of girl power. Sustainability was also at the forefront. Nike has become the industry’s number one user of plastic bottles, which it transforms into a fine yarn to craft its uniforms and other apparel (each uniform kit contains at least 12 bottles’ worth).  The Oregon sportswear giant has a decades-long history of being ahead of the curve when it comes to all things green. Back in 1994, the company began its Grind program, which turns used sneakers and surplus materials into running tracks, among other uses. And since 2010, Nike has diverted 6.4 billion plastic bottles from landfills, thanks in part to products such as the Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit shoe, which is made with more than 75 percent recycled materials.  For the Paris event, Nike tapped French designer Christelle Kocher—who’s known for upcycling soccer jerseys into sporty-chic gowns for her label, Koché—to collaborate on pieces including Muhammad’s sparkling look (above), which she paired with sustainable Flyleather sneakers for our shoot. Muhammad, who was featured in the brand’s Pro Hijab campaign, has been sponsored by Nike for the last three years and appreciates its focus on inclusivity. “Our views on activism are so closely aligned,” she says.  Perhaps Nike’s most surprising project, given how closely fashion brands typically guard their design processes, is the way it’s working to make its green knowledge available to all. This past May, the company unveiled its Circular Design Guide (a collaboration with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, Central Saint Martins, University of the Arts London, and the Global Fashion Agenda) at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit, one of the top sustainability conferences for the industry. It hopes that fashion students, academics, and even fellow brands will use it as a kind of handbook for their own eco-friendly innovations. “We really see the value of stimulating innovation,” says the brand’s chief sustainability officer, Noel Kinder, “and being able to give that to the rest of the industry in an open-source way.”  Implementing renewable energy within all of Nike’s facilities is also a priority for Kinder, with the goal being 100 percent renewable energy by 2025. (“Right now we’re at 75 percent, so we’re actually ahead of schedule,” he says.) Nike has also partnered with Central Saint Martins on a sustainable design challenge centered around its Flyleather material (the four finalists’ work was shown at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit). Maybe they’ll find the next Kocher—who will go on to dress the next great Olympic hopeful.  Dress, Nike x Koché. Nike Pro Hijab, Leggings, Classic Cortez Flyleather sneakers, All, Nike. Rings, Bulgari. Makeup by Maki Hasegawa for Jurlique; Special thanks to To Welcome MGMT and Pier59.  This article originally appeared in the July 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Despite a lotta years working in the fashion world, I'd never found the perfect t-shirt. I'd tried cheap and expensive; I'd laundered on delicate and skipped the dryer. Nothing mattered: Everything looked dingy—fast—and left me feeling deeply unsatisfied.  Then, an editor at a British style site I keep tabs on revealed her favorite: H&M's linen tee. It was sold out online the first time I searched, but a follow-up proved fruitful. Cautiously optimistic, I decided to order a couple (with a $13 price tag, there wasn't much to lose if they ended up being, per usual, less than ideal). Dear reader, my wonderful fashion friend across the pond with the posh accent (who, to be clear, I've never met in real life) was not wrong. I was so pleased that I doggedly kept searching to see when new colors would be restocked. When classic white became available, I bought two (one in medium, one in large) and dark gray.  A t-shirt is never just a t-shirt. I've worn some with crewnecks, some with v's; others have had the sleeves artfully pre-rolled; occasionally the back is longer than the front in a way that's meant to feel relaxed, but often ends up looking misshapen.  This guy doesn't fall victim to any of those tricks. It is what it is, with a rounded neckline, a thicker bit stitched at the sleeve, and a length I can only call "normal" (below the waistband of your jeans, but not bum-covering).  My problem with most t-shirts, no matter the price point or how much I babied them, was they quickly pill and just look...old. Linen's burnout vibe and thin nature means it doesn't look or feel quite as thick as the standard cotton tee you likely have in your closet. And, because of that, it doesn't have as much actual fiber that can roll and bubble and, ugh, pill. With seven size options, it'll be a fit for you whether you like your t-shirts to slim or boxy. I'm a fairly standard small in most things, but ordered these as medium because I didn't want it stuck to my stomach (in my last order, I even opted for a large to try and go a little more oversized-cool). I don't exaggerate when I say the perfect t-shirt is worth, honestly, quadruple its weight in gold. 
 The bucket bag climbed the ranks of handbag fame four years ago, due in part to minimalist accessories label Mansur Gavriel. It. Was. Everywhere. It's omniscient presence has caused some to denounce the bag in 2018, but we're hesitant to give up on the roomy style just yet. Designers are reworking it in oversized beads, pearls, and more genius upgrades that prove its lasting power.  You're bound to find the perfect bucket bag that fits your style with our roundup ahead.   Mansur Gavriel kicked off the bucket bag obsession with their OG crossbody, but they upgraded it to this sleeker style.  Mango's optic white bag is just big enough to fit all of your on-the-go needs.  A straw bag this good should not cost $30, but that's the beauty of Target. A beaded handle is a detail we want on all of our bags now, thanks to Lizzie Fortunato.  Cow print. So hot right now.   The oversized gourmette chain detail is like jewelry for your purse.   This bag is good enough to eat. (Editor's note: do not eat this bag.) A pearl strap makes this a formal beach bag.  Be the girl with the pearl bucket bag.   In case you needed a diamanté bucket bag for a fancy gala, Zara's got your back.  If python isn't for you, H&M makes this classic silhouette in four different colors.  Edie Parker gave the bucket bag the acrylic, minaudiere treatment.  Macrame bags are perfect for summer, but the bucketed bottom gives it structure to stand up on a sandy beach.  If you owned this bag, you couldn't not 'gram it.  The resurgence of Prada's iconic nylon looks great as a bucket.  This micro bucket barely fits anything, but we know you don't care about that. It's mad cute.   Lein doubled down on the bucket, in pouch and hat form.   Yes, a $20K+ bucket bag exists.  This scarf print is surprisingly versatile. It will work with everything from denim to slacks.  Tuza's braided buckets comes in the best summery colors, including this punchy lavender.  Jane Birkin's iconic basket bag is reworked by Stephanie Nass, a pastry chef turned accessories designer. 
 This Father's Day, think outside the tie. It's easy to cave with gifts that speak to classic dad tropes (he does love beer), but why not try something else? Introduce him to new hobbies with entry-level kits, help him indulge with beauty products he would never buy himself, or trick him with Dad Fashion that's secretly high on style. Click through for 30 unique gifts to give the dads, husbands, and fathers in your life. We all know who his favorite kid is, and they're a little furrier than you and your siblings.  Combine his love of beer and representing his alma mater into one literally cool gift.  He's finally admitted that his eating habits could improve, which is made easy with a Magic Bullet and the delicious kale smoothies in his future. He'll never admit that this is better than vinyl, but it's definitely less cumbersome.  Dads are the only ones who still use money clips. You might as well make it Gucci.  One day you'll beat him at Scrabble. (Hint: 'Qi' is a usable word.) A Leatherman is literally a toolkit that fits in your pocket. Your dad will love it.  His aesthetic is peak Dad Style, but with none of the irony. Modernize the look with a shirt cut in a slimmer silhouette.  Some dads are "buy it for life" kind of men. This duffel will do just that.  He's going to love learning how to smoke meat.  If an actual smoker is doing too much, gift a book from one of the best BBQ joints in Texas.  You'd replace his entire sock collection with brand-new pairs if given the chance. He deserves nice socks, and Bombas makes the best.  Beer just tastes better in a glass. Pair this gift with a six-pack of a pilsner he hasn't tried yet.  Trust us, these will look great on him.  The only way he should watch Sunday Night Football is in a pair of cozy slippers. Uggs, hands down, makes the coziest.  You don't get Squash. I don't get squash. But it's his favorite pastime, so who are we to judge.  This will make his shaving experience so much fancier.  Buy this for your husband or S.O. You, more than anyone, love to see him break a sweat.  He's been talking about pickling his own veggies for ages. The time to start his new (and probably smelly) hobby is now.  If he could spend 24 hours a day monitoring his baby he would. This 28,000 5-star reviewed baby cam is the next best thing.  Your dad doesn't care how a phone case looks, so he'll be impressed by an Otterbox cover, a brand that puts protection first.  A burr coffee grinder is a game-changer for caffeine addicts. It grinds beans in a uniform manner, meaning he will never complain about a bad cup of coffee again.  Polo pulled from their '90s archives for their latest collection—fitting for your dad who dresses like he's still in that era. A dose of nostalgia is always a great Father's Day gift. This beautiful coffee book will remind him of his childhood.  Everyone, including your dad, should experience Christophe Robin scalp scrubs. It will change his life.  J.Crew x Nike's Killshots are a mainstay of men's style. Seriously, these are the next generation's version of a dad shoe (versus our '90s take, New Balance runners).  He's had the same beard trimmer since he was 14 years old. It's time to upgrade him with this 13-piece kit.  Your guy is the only person you know who still uses bar soap. This makes it luxurious.  Most dads are the "I only own one jacket" kind of people. If he's of that sort, make it a well-made classic.  For serious tea and coffee dads, a gooseneck spout is a must. It allows a steady, slow pour of hot water that results in optimum brews.  
 The New York Council of Fashion Designers of America gathered together at the Brooklyn Museum last night to honor the most influential people in fashion.  To say the CFDA Awards is the Oscars of the industry is a drastic understatement. The event always has all the style, tears, and jokes there are to offer.  The pink carpet‚—technically a green carpet, made of custom-made ECONYL regenerated nylon produced from recycled waste—featured everyone from Ciara to Bella Hadid decked out in custom-made designer goods. Hasan Minhaj and Jessica Williams hosted the gala, where the former joked that because he grew up shopping at Ross and Tar-jay, he didn’t know anyone there. Rick Owens couldn’t be there to accept his award because he’d missed his flight. Yara Shahidi presented Barbie an award that was previously given to Gloria Steinem. Tom Ford served his first year as chairman, and awarded friend and collaborator Jennifer Lopez with the Icon Award. “Thank you for everything,” she said to Ford. “I love our relationship….You’ve really made it a powerhouse and I know that in our house, Alex couldn’t survive without you. I’d like to think it’s me that he can’t live without, but it’s really you he can’t live without!” Read on for the full list of 2019 CFDA winners, below. Brandon Maxwell Rick Owens Ashley Olsen and Mary-Kate Olsen, The Row Emily Adams Bode, Bode Jennifer Lopez Lynn Yaeger Carine Roitfeld Bob Mackie Barbie  Eileen Fisher Sarah Burton, Alexander McQueen
 The Met Gala was just the first of fashion's big nights this season. This evening, the stars are all headed to the CFDA Fashion Awards in Brooklyn, where Jennifer Lopez and Barbie are among the icons being honored this year. Designers from Brandon Maxwell to Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen are nominated for awards, and so many celebs have shown up to support the people behind the outfits and accessories they wear out. Here, all the best looks from tonight's red carpet. In Wes Gordon and Jennifer Meyer jewelry. In Monse In Kate Spade New York In a dress of her own design with David Webb jewelry In custom Erica Javits In her own design In Pyer Moss In custom Zac Posen In a Brandon Maxwell jumpsuit, Kate Spade New York bag, and Foundrae jewelry In Sies Marjan  In Prabal Gurung and Effy jewelry In Thom Browne In Sachin & Babi Both in custom Alice + Olivia  In Lela Rose In Sies Marjan In Tommy Hilfiger and custom Nigora Tabayer jewelry In Thom Browne In Rosie Assoulin In Jonathan Simkhai In Off-White and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry In Michael Kors Collection and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry In Ralph Lauren Collection and Harry Winston jewelry In Vera Wang Collection In The Row In Monique Lhuillier In Christian Siriano In J Mendel In Brandon Maxwell
 If you have a backless moment in your sartorial future (but aren't a fan of the braless feel) we've got your back. We tapped three experts—the founder at Lovely Bride and all-around wedding guru Lanie List, celebrity stylist Jordan Foster, and bra expert Danielle Iserlis—to weigh in on their top recommendations. Don't be shy, because they covered all the best products, from silicone nipples to a plunging bra kit that low-key looks like a torture device. Sacrifices must be made! Get lifted with their reliable picks that don't let it all hang out, here.  All three experts agree: the Nubra is it for women with smaller busts. The adhesive bra sticks to the front, adds ample support, and leaves your back ready for the lowest of dresses. "Nubra is our favorite for a  totally backless style," says List, who would recommend this for wedding gowns that expose your tailbones. "Sticky bras [...] magically hold you up from the front with no back at all."  Iserlis, the associate marketing manager of Journelle, agrees: "Self-adhesive cups with a center snap provide coverage, shaping, and cleavage for those trickiest of tricky ensembles. Quick tip: remember not to use lotion or oils that will erode the special silicone!" If you're looking for extra oomph, check out their push-up style too.  "If you have a bust that requires a bra, a backless dress can be a real challenge and you often have to get creative and use methods that take some practice," says Foster, whose clientele includes red carpet star Ashley Graham. She not only recommended taping your boobs á la Kim Kardashian, but the dress itself. "Often with a backless dress the sides can be very loose and any time you bend over even slightly all of the sudden you're flashing everyone.  I usually have girls cover their nipples with nude tape or nipple cover in case they flash someone accidentally.  You can also use body glue and double stick tape (wig tape is the best) to keep the dress close to your body on the sides."  "This bra became popular thanks to Instagram," says Foster on the sticky bra you've definitely seen on your feed. But their ungodly videos that lift you to the high heaven has a place in reality. "It has amazing reviews and people swear by it. [It works for] both small and large busts!" At first glance this might look like a torture advice, but Foster swears by it. "Many of my clients have larger busts and we use [...] a contraption called MissesKisses that really does work!" The side paddles push your boobs from the outside to create a plunging effect with major support. Extra security is added with a removable strap that wraps around the waist.  "No closures or straps and a no-stick center lets you wear whatever you want, whenever you want without thinking about it," says Iserlis on classic silicone nipples. These breast shapers are one of the sites most popular picks for backless needs.  If you want a style that has a sexier vibe, List is obsessed with this body suit. "We love this Ender Legar backless bodysuit because it will stay put, looks so elegant, and still gives great cup support," she says.  Alternatively, try a backless bra and a shaper combo for the ultimate red carpet moment. "This plunging U-neckline has gently padded cups and a low versatile back with 5-way convertible straps," Iserlis notes. "[There's] nothing like a good curve-enhancing shaper to prove that sometimes the best things in life are unseen." Sometimes, you just gotta let it all hang out. To accommodate your backless moment, Iserlis highlights this Natori bra. "This convertible bra has the clasps on the side, allowing for a [fully exposed] lace detailing on the back- perfect for showing off what’s under the dress"
 Over the years, I have developed a deep appreciation for a good bikini. And for those of you follow me on Instagram, it may seem like I am always in one! So this month I wanted to share my top 10 picks for bathing suit brands I'm loving this summer. Read on for all the brands I'll be wearing beach-side this season.   These suits are essential in every woman's swimsuit collection. This brand has really unique suits. They even sell a separate belt you can use an accessory with other suits. Created by Bikini a Day Instagrammers Natasha Oakley and Devin Brugman, this brand has the best classic cuts and supportive styles for a bigger bust. This is one of my favorite swim lines. I wore this cutout swim suit for a whole summer straight. I love the new vibe of this line. They have a lot of pieces I’ve never seen in swim before and photography that's really different for a swimwear brand. Obviously I want whatever Emrata is selling. Hot-ass body sold separately. The fabric of these suits feels like a second skin. So comfortable. I should also mention that their high waist selection is one of the best. I love the simplicity of this line, plus the fabric feels really good on the body. The Paulette one piece is so original and so sick. I can't wait to wear it.  I like this brand because they use recycled materials for their swim and packaging
 Can you buy into the American Dream the same way you buy clothes? Alexander Wang wants to know. His latest collection put our national style on blast, mixing the Instagram A-List (Kendall! Kaia! Pete Davidson?!) with knowing nods to hip hop royalty, rodeo cowgirls, and country club cliques.  Here's the cheat sheet of the show's top moments and must-score looks. They won't hit stores for another few months, but what's more American than wanting what you can't have? Has Kendall Jenner ever looked better? The 23-year-old Scorpio stepped out in an all-white ensemble meant to reference the suffragette movement, with gleaming skin from makeup artist Diane Kendal and a branded cinched waist that was equal parts hip-hop underwear logo and Kardashian waist trainer. It was cool, and so were the white jeans, and you know what? We'll just wear the whole thing. KJ: Please DM us when you're done with it. Inclusion in fashion is a touchy subject. (To paraphrase Project Runway, how can something be "in" if something else isn't "out"?) The Wang show catered to both ends, inviting VIPS (hi, Diplo) downstairs at Rockefeller Center while allowing anyone to watch the show from the giant balconies above. It was a smart way to bring tourists and fashion fans into the fray... though only those invited came face-to-face with the famous models as they posed on an LED runway. "So Pete Davidson just walked the Wang party," said our fashion features director Veronique Hyland, "And suddenly... I get the whole Pete Davidson Thing?" Uh, yeah. There's no explaining the sneak-attack sex appeal of this 25-year-old goofball, though a million think pieces will try. We'll just say, when Look 23 hit the runway, we involuntarily screamed. (Also, the unisex pants he wore? Fantastic. Now take them off.) Yes, everyone loves a Jacquemus teeny tote. But if you're actually going somewhere, and you like to pack snacks, Alexander Wang can suggest an alternative: four leather fanny packs seamed together to make one status bag supergroup. It's like The Avengers... for accessories...   Until now, the primary source of flannel jeans was LL Bean, and though they're warm, the fit is a little... limited. Enter Mr. Wang with this sharply-sewn armor for the polar vortex. Combined with Wang's new puffer-lined blazers, it might just be a new uniform for winter's darkest days.  At Coachella, Calvin Klein made custom tees for influencers (like Larsen Thompson, Diana Silvers, and Vale Ambriz, pictured) riffing on their famous CK1 logo from the '90s. In this collection, Wang does his own homage, morphing the famous Kate Moss logo letters into his AW brand signage. See also: The  rad riffs on Ralph Lauren's American Flag sweater, first seen on ELLE's 1994 cover with Cindy Crawford, and revived last year on the Spring 2019 runways. Alexander Wang took his runway bow with both his parents onstage, reminding the audience (and 5 million Instagram followers) that fashion is often one big family, at least if we're lucky. It was a touching reminder that teamwork always makes the American dream work... even if Mr. Davidson is just a one-season deal. 
 Whether you're an athlete, gym junkie, frequent commuter, or "sneakerhead," one thing everyone can agree on is that sneakers are an essential part to life. Dramatic? Maybe, but sneakers provide breathable comfort, versatility, and durability that you wouldn't normally get from towering pumps or too-flat shoes. Serena Williams wore a pair of bedazzled kicks to her wedding, chunky dad and grandpa sneakers are now a thing, and the latest offerings from classic brands like Nike, Adidas, Reebok and more are proof that sequels can actually be better than the originals.  We're all loyal to a specific brand, but exploring other options wouldn't hurt our closets or wallets. Ahead, 21 sneaker brands that are made for walking, flexing, and everything else you like to do.  If there is ever a sprawling line outside of a sneaker store, chances are a new drop from Nike just arrived. The tried and true athletic brand has been feeding athletes and "hypebeasts" alike for over 50 years by updating classic silhouettes like the Air Max 98 in fresh, eye-popping colors.  Checks over stripes? I can't choose and don't let anyone (ahem, Drake) force you to. Adidas has not only earned its bragging rights for its timeless and iconic sneakers (it doesn't get more iconic than the Superstar) but also for its high-profile celebrity and designer collaborations and making old new again.  Tretorn knows you live a busy life, that's why the brand puts a little oomph in their sneakers to give customers comfortable shoes to carry out their daily tasks.  You deserve luxury. You deserve comfort. You deserve durability. So you deserve a pair of Greats.  I can tell you to buy Puma because the tried and true brand hasn't steered us wrong in its 70-plus year history, or because the brand sure knows how to pick its celebrity collaborators (Rihanna). Simply put, Puma has been silently killing the game with a range of luxe, classic styles at an affordable price point. No longer reserved for the skater boys and girls, Vans' classic slip-ons and Ska8-Hi sneakers are a cult favorite and never go out of style.  Reebok is one of the preferred gym sneakers for many people, but the iconic brand has keeping with the times and even released its 90s silhouette, the Aztrec, with Cardi B as the face of the campaign. Veja is a French-born company that combines organic materials sourced in Brazil to create eco-friendly shoes that look luxurious. The brand has been gaining buzz thanks to its celeb customers, including Meghan Markle and EmRata.  Wool is the last thing you'd want to put on your foot, but Allbirds is here to change your mind. The brand, which launched in 2014, is famous for its Wool Runners, made with a padded sole and lightweight materials. Saucony was made just for runners. The pillow-soft cushioning and easily adaptable fit provides endless comfort and flexibility.   Common Projects is designed using the finest materials to create minimalist yet timeless sneakers with an Italian flair.  First came the iconic Champion sneaker, then Keds doled out various interpretations of the silhouette over time. They introduced more styles, including the Triple Decker, which received the Kate Spade New York treatment in 2018.  New Balance gives your feet a pillow-soft landing with every step. The brand isn't too concerned with following the latest trends and remains a trusted brand because of it.  It's safe to say that Michael Jordan's famous sneakers have shaped streetwear culture. The brand brings old classics to a new generation with every drop. They made history by landing its first female collaborator, Aleali May, who redesigned the Air Jordan VI and Air Jordan 1.  Isabel Marant's once-ubiquitous wedge sneakers are a thing of the past. Now, the designer's collection includes her interpretation of the chunky "dad sneaker" trend, slip-ons with bridge straps and colorful runners.  Designer Jessie Randall's Loeffler Randall heels are a dream, but the sneakers are dreamier. Randall's sneakers are morphed into modern silhouettes and designed with fun little details like leopard print and swirly lines.  You can spot a pair of Sandro Paris sneakers by its signature flame streaks on the sides. The Parisian brand is known for its clean lines and minimalist aesthetic with an array colorful options that can be dressed up or down.  No other sneaker had a better comeback than the Fila Disruptor. The modernized update to the 90s original features an even thicker sole and comes in range of colors, including a blinding neon green.  Does one ever truly grow out of Converse? The high and low options are the perfect addition to any outfit, especially with a little scuff here and there. If it's good enough for Kate Middleton, it's good enough for you. Buffalo London are the shoes you wear when you want to be extra. All eyes will be on you, not only because you'll be a couple inches taller than your peers, but who could miss you in this platform neon style?
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Who: Zoe Kravitz  When: May 29, 2019 Wearing: Saint Laurent, Tiffany & Co. jewels  Why: Zoe Kravitz' little black dress at the New York premiere of Big Little Lies is minimalist meets maximalis. From the itty bitty silhouette to the massive hip detail to the all-over sparkle, her standout LBD wins best dressed of the week.  Who:  A$AP Rocky  When: May 28, 2019 Wearing: Gucci Why: Our dream is to raid A$AP Rocky's closet, just so we can find gems like a pair of stuffed animal pants. We don't completely understand them, but we need them. He wore this cozy look to Gucci's cruise show in Rome, Italy.  Who: Naomi Campbell  When: May 28, 2019 Wearing: Nike sneakers Why: Is this our dream outfit? We think so, because a sundress with sneakers is our summer vibe. Naomi Campbell's outfit in Rome, Italy, was topped off with a wacky gasoline can-shaped purse (actually).  Who: Elle Fanning When: May 25, 2019 Wearing: Reem Acra Why: Elle Fanning's turn at Cannes was inspirational— she even topped last week's best dressed list. This time around she closed the film festival in a stunning caped look, fit for an angel.  Who: Saoirse Ronan  When: May 28, 2019 Wearing: Gucci Why: We love how a statement dress can be all you need to command a room. That's what Saoirse Ronan did at the Gucci cruise show, styled with barely-there jewelry and fresh, summery makeup.  Who: Millie Bobby Brown  When: May 26, 2019 Wearing: Givenchy Why: Millie Bobbie Brown attended the premiere of Godzilla: King of the Monsters in Paris, France wearing a pristine white dress, but her unexpected '80s-inspired shoes make the look.  Who:  Elle Fanning  When: May 21, 2019 Wearing: Dior Why: Cannes Film Festival always brings the best red carpet style, so it can be hard to stand out in a crowd of tulle. But it turns out  that you don't need a miles-long ball gown to make an entrance, as proved by Elle Fanning at the screening of Once Upon A Time In Hollywood. She stole the show in a custom Dior outfit, a tribute to the French house's iconic New Look silhouette from the '50s. Her look is so good it hurts, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Willow Smith  When: May 21, 2019 Wearing: Seen Users Why: Willow Smith supported her dad at the Los Angeles premiere of Aladdin, but in this look she was also a star of the night. Her high-low tuxedo dress—which is just as good from the back—looks great on her.  Who: Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas  When: May 18, 2019 Wearing: Priyanka in Georges Hobeika  Why: On one hand, we didn't need yet another remind that Priyanka and Nick are married. On the other, we love this wedding-inspired set they wore to the Cannes screening of Les Plus Belles Annees D'Une Vie.  Who: Bella Hadid  When: May 18, 2019 Wearing: Sandro set, Louis Vuitton bag Why: Bella Hadid walked around Cannes dressed like the last boy who ghosted me, and I love it. She can leave me on read any day if her outfit is this fresh.  Who: Naomi Scott  When: May 21, 2019 Wearing: Brandon Maxwell Why: In case you haven't heard, Naomi Scott's style is ridiculously good. The star of Aladdin shares a stylist with an actual royal, which makes sense because her press tour is one playful regal look after another, including this bubble gum gown.  Who: Kendall Jenner When: May 23, 2019 Wearing: Giambattista Valli x H&M Why: Speaking of bubble gum, Kendall Jenner also wore pink this week at the amfAR Cannes Gala in Cap d'Antibes, France. The gala is typically known for half a mil jewels and incredible princess gowns, but Kendall wore H&M. Well, H&M's latest collab with french designer Giambattista Valli, that is.  Who: Cardi B When: May 01, 2019 Wearing: Moschino Why: From blinged-out details down to her matching manicure, everything just feels right with Cardi's look for the Billboard Music Awards. For that (and those abs) she wins best dressed of the week.  Who: Lily Collins When: April 29, 2019 Wearing: Giambattista Valli Why: Couch dressing has come a long way since Kim Kardashian at the 2013 Met Gala. Lily Collins' floral gown at the UK premiere of Tolkein is sweetly romantic, playing with texture, opacity, and volume.  Who: Priyanka Chopra  When: May 1, 2019 Wearing: Zuhair Murad Haute Couture gown, Tiffany & Co. jewels Why: Priyanka Chopra is a diamond. $250,00o worth of diamonds, technically, once you add up all her jewelry. She paired her bling with an equally sparkly dress at the Billboard Music Awards, making us feel like coal, but we don't even care.  Who: Chrissy Teigen  When: April 30, 2019 Wearing: Azzi & Osta  Why: Chrissy Teigen is making us rethink the little black dress. Her voluminous look—including intricately beaded sleeves—at the City Harvest Gala in New York City is stunning.  Who: Diane Kruger  When: April 29, 2019  Wearing: Chanel Why: We'll say it here first: pedal pushers are making a comeback. Take Diane Kruger for example, who matured the look with heels, a ladylike blazer, and Chanel accessories at the Tribeca Film Festival Artists Dinner hosted by Chanel. Who: Olivia Wilde When: May 01, 2019 Wearing: Ralph Lauren Why: If they ever make a glamorous sci-fi western movie, they should cast Olivia Wilde and this outfit. Worn to the Billboard Music Awards, all her gilded shirtdress was missing is a cowboy hat. 
 We've all fallen victim to strappy stilettos that make us stumble down the street in pain. And while that's not a life-or-death situation, we can be doing better for our feet. "Women need to know their foot-type first, and be realistic about expectations of shoe type," said Dr. Archer, a New York-based podiatric surgeon who appreciates both foot health and footwear. We probed her to give us her best tips on shopping for comfortable sandals that don't sacrifice style. Read on for bunion-proof living, here. It's absolutely necessary that you learn about your own foot before you make a purchase. As Dr. Archer says, "a swooping generalization can't be made" for all feet, so make sure you get yourself checked out if you're experiencing pain. "The higher the heel, the more severe the slope of the mid-foot, the greater extension of the big toe, the more load going thru the ball of foot, then the heavier the more load is place on the forefoot," Dr. Archer warns. So do your research on your own foot, and read up on shoes that are good for you. Everlane is known for their shoes, and this heel is raved about in over four hundred reviews.  Here's a rule of thumb: "If you look at the foot bed of a sandal and it's pancake flat (like a haviana flip flop), there is no support," she said. "When a sandal's foot bed accommodates the anatomical shape of the bottom of the foot it is easy to notice support— arch area, ball of foot area heel area." Look at your shoes, and think about whether the sole looks like an imprint of bare feet. Brands like Birkenstocks, with their ergonomic soles, are definitely foot-positive.  Of course, that doesn't mean you can't dabble in cute footwear if you wear them occasionally. Dr. Archer said. But, "a well-made Grecian style sandal [can be] worn for social situations—i.e., not commuting or walking the dog." "I also love Loeffler Randall’s strappy gladiators," Dr. Archer stated. "However they don’t offer much arch support and are not good for wide feet." So when choosing strappier styles, "be conscious of strap placement [that don't] cross over bunion bumps." Tight straps can cause bunions and blisters when they rub against your foot. Thankfully, comfortable hiking sandals are considered cool these days. High-end brands like Chloé and Marni are dabbling in the trend, but Tevas are the OGs. They took their iconic sandals one step further this summer with rainbow platforms, which are unsurprisingly super comfortable.  A favorite brand of Dr. Archer's is Fitflops. "They all have anatomically contoured foot beds that increase foot-to-midsole contact for maximum comfort and support you in the right places with targeted pressure diffusion," she told us. She especially recommended them for "‘problem feet’ and walking increased distances." For more fashion-forward styles, also search through well-known comfort brands like Clarks. You could walk miles in these sneaky-cozy heels. These mules have a secret, technologically-advanced sole that is atypical of designer shoes.  This comes as no surprise, but "A block heel is always more stable than a stiletto, and criss-cross straps around the ankle can provide support and reduce incidence of any sprain," Dr. Archer said.  But if you can't say no to a stiletto, caution Dr. Archer's words: "Even if you have a normal foot type with no issues, a heel height of over three inches will [still] cause ball of foot pain and toe pain." For best practices, stay under her three-inch rule. 
 If you really want to know about me, the bookmark section of my Instagram—aka my Wish List—will tell you all you need to know. Like my brain, my saved collection is a hodgepodge of DIY skincare videos and tips, at-home workout routines I’ll never do, and astrological roasts that remind me (a Virgo) how much of an organized critical perfectionist I am. But what takes up the most space in my collection is my obsession with streetwear, including the latest sneaker drops and lesser-known brands that I’ve been lusting over.  Streetwear has long been associated with skate and hip-hop culture, but it's now widely popular thanks to New York-bred skateboard brand Supreme and the logo-heavy aesthetic birthed by “hypebeasts” and “hypebaes.” Speaking of hypebaes, Natalia Maczek, founder of women’s streetwear brand Misbhv, describes the subculture as “an inclusive energy.” To Maczek, streetwear culture is rooted in unity. “High fashion is defined as pieces reserved for the elites [whereas] streetwear actually brings people together - despite the status, race, sex, political views, belonging to any social milieu,” she explained to ELLE.com. “What we consider ‘streetwear’ today does not compromise on quality; Brands like ours are a totally new phenomena bridging the gap between the luxury and the everyday.” Streetwear was once considered a boys-only club until male-focused labels finally got with the times and offered unisex offerings and brands like Misbhv, Ashley Williams, Namilia entered the fray to give women clothes they’ll actually wear. So, I scoured my saved collection to pull out the 13 best streetwear brands everyone should know.   Sita in M I S B H V Autumn-Winter 2019, full look A post shared by  M I S B H V (@misbhv) on Mar 10, 2019 at 12:54pm PDT Maczek cut her teeth in design by customizing sweatshirts for her friends before launching Misbhv. Made of premium Italian fabrics, Maczek's goal is to bridge the gap between streetwear and luxury fashion with bold graphics and nostalgic prints beloved by celebs like Bella Hadid, Teyana Taylor, EmRata and more.  If you buy one thing: Misbhv Active Shorts, $84; shopbop.com Shop Now A post shared by GOLF WANG (@golfwang) on Dec 17, 2018 at 1:49pm PST Golf Wang is the brainchild of rapper Tyler the Creator, launched in 2011. We may never get inside the mind of the lyrical genius but Golf Wang brings us pretty damn close. Each collection  isdipped in an array of vibrant hues, stripes, floral prints and tongue-in-cheek graphics men and women alike.  If you buy one thing: Igor Neon Hoodie, $90; golfwang.com Shop Now  SS19 OUT NOW 🍄 A post shared by  Ashley Williams (@ashleywilliamslondon) on Feb 21, 2019 at 9:25am PST Adwoa Aboah modeled a green tie dye hoodie that read, "Don't Know Don't Care" at the Ashley Williams autumn/winter 2018 show last February and I fell in love. London designer Ashley Williams' eponymous collection plays with quirky prints—tie-dye, tiger stripes, polka dots, leopard spots, etc.—and cheeky slogans like "retired and loving it" and "beach bum" that appear on sweatsuits and t-shirts.  If you buy one thing: Ashley Williams Tie Dye Joggers, $108; nordstrom.com Shop Now  NY with @lefevrediary | Eloise top + Valencia pant A post shared by  I AM GIA (@iamgia) on May 8, 2019 at 10:05pm PDT I. Am. Gia needs no introduction. Best known for its sporty leather pants, cut-out detailing, corset tops, and its now-famous Teddy coat, the Australian brand is designed for girls who love to stand out.  If you buy one thing: I. Am. Gia Seala Crocodile Print Straight Leg Pant, $150; urbanoutfitters.com Shop Now  Receive 25% off entire site!!! CODE:TREATYOURSELF 😬😍 A post shared by  MATTE BRAND (@mattebrand) on Jan 13, 2019 at 6:51pm PST Created by Briana Shaneè Wilson in 2014, the brand is built around its "simple meets sexy" theme and features bold, racy figure-hugging silhouettes that are sure to turn a few heads.  If you buy one thing: Caution Basic Bodysuit, $85; shopmatte.com Shop Now  Introducing our new rework cargo set upcycled from vintage #Adidas track pants 💙 A post shared by  Frankie (@frankiecollective) on May 4, 2019 at 10:12am PDT You can buy vintage sportswear from your local thrift shop, but Frankie Collective takes the old and gives its a whole new look. The Canadian outfitter takes vintage 90s pieces from brands like Nike, Adidas, Reebok, and Champion to create two-piece sets, cropped tops, bags and more.  If you buy one thing: Vintage Adidas Rework Set, $75; frankiecollective.com Shop Now  #P96InTheStreets— @itsreallynana out and about in our P3 Heritage Tracksuit for #NYFW A post shared by  Project 96 (@p.9.6) on Feb 12, 2019 at 7:19am PST Project 96 is an up-and-coming brand based in New York rooted in the founder Petahjay's Nigerian heritage. Melding his background with his personal style, Project 96's assortments are adorned with Pan-African colors and bold, nostalgic typography that harks back to the 90s.  If you buy one thing: P96 Tartan Shorts, $55; pninetysix.com Shop Now  FLOR B. @aimeleondore A post shared by  Aimé Leon Dore (@aimeleondore) on May 17, 2019 at 8:53am PDT Aime Leon Dore is the coolest brand in streetwear right now. ALD captures the essence of Teddy Santis' 90s upbringing in New York City by whipping up colorblock-heavy crewnecks and windbreakers, printed sweat shorts, big stripe rugbys.  If you buy one thing: Color Blocked Quarter Zip Pullover, $290; aimeleondore.com Shop Now  MadeMe Spring 2018. Available now. Link in bio. Campaign ⭐️ @princessnokia 📸 @thisismayan 💥 A post shared by  MADEME (@mademe_nyc) on Feb 22, 2018 at 9:50am PST Designed to "represent the dynamic perspectives of today’s downtown youth," MadeMe takes everything we remember about the 90s golden era—the music, the fashion, culture—and creates weird, eccentric pieces for the, well, weird, eccentric souls out there (me).    Shop Now  @sandradrifter in City Intersection Long Sleeve & Wyckoff Wrap Skirt 🌇🌃 #35mmphotography A post shared by  SCAPES (@scapesny) on Oct 17, 2018 at 6:15am PDT Scapes NY proves that the workwear trend doesn't have to be boring. Parsons alums Andie Enomoto and Taylor Kaclik were inspired by NYC's construction graphics and signs, which led to the duo creating matching denim jacket and pants in a vibrant palette of red, green, yellow, and black. Stripes and brick prints also make it on trousers and tops. If you buy one thing: White Brick Turtleneck; scapesny.com Shop Now  @normani wearing white rave panty trousers A post shared by  NAMILIA (@_namilia_) on May 20, 2019 at 12:35pm PDT Namilia is not for the faint of heart. The brand is known for looks that are unabashedly provocative and sexy, including their signature cut-out detailing on its leather pants and shorts.  If you buy one thing: Panty Trousers in Black; shop.namilia.com Shop Now  PRE-ORDER / SUMMER (((RESTOCK))) ON THE “SHEER LINEN BREEZE” SET IN THE “IVORY KEYS” COLORWAY /// cc: @sophiaesperanza ————ORDERS WILL SHIP IN 2 WEEK OR LESS / LIMITED QUANTITIESQ————LINK IN BIO (ps. I brought these back cause @karrueche DM’d me saying she had to have this) A post shared by @ ___39_7 on May 3, 2019 at 9:25am PDT The brand's sheer linen set is just *chef's kiss*. 39. 7 creates simple, elevated basics like bodysuits and breezy two-piece short sets in a cool neutral hues perfect for minimalists. If you buy one thing: Pro Woman/Pro Choice T-Shirt, $40; thirtynineseven.com Shop Now  Check Grid Suit in @piakristinecruz  Reflective Details / Oversized / Maria-Gulina.com A post shared by  MARIAGULINA© (@mariaxgulina) on Feb 28, 2019 at 6:54am PST UK-based MariaGulina is built around comfort. The brand sells everything from bodysuits and socks to t-shirts and shorts, but its best known for its signature tracksuits. You can get tracksuits in bright colors like red and yellow, split color designs, checkered print or even hearts splattered all over.  If you buy one thing: Yellow Lounge Set; maria-gulina.com Shop Now
 Summer isn't just about sundresses and bikinis (not all about them, at least). We tapped the top buyers from your favorite stores—Nordstrom, Net-A-Porter, and ModaOperandi—to weigh in on the hottest trends of the season. They talked about serious Venice vibes, a new way to wear your pearls, and a pant style we haven't seen in over a decade. Read on for their industry insight on the styles you should be paying attention to, ahead.  We've waxed poetic about our obsession with tie dye, but the summer trend is leaning further into its West Coast roots. "We are loving a California cool vibe for the warmer months, including upbeat and casual trends such as Hawaiian shirts, bucket hats, racer back tank tops, and anything tie-dye," said Elizabeth von der Goltz, the global buying director of Net-A-Porter. She enjoyed the psychedelic moments seen on Chloe, R13, and Prada's runway, but don't sleep on beachside stalls and Etsy shops for an affordable option. Polish off the look with denim cut-offs and old-school sneakers like Vans to really capture the SoCal aesthetic. Stephanie Schafer, the senior fashion director of Nordstrom', is also dye-ing over the trend, but suggested a grown-up way to dip your toes in the look: "The beautiful print technique feels fresh in sophisticated silhouettes such as dresses and skirts." In other words, you don't have to go full-hippie to participate.  She sells sea shells, and we're buying it all up in the form of jewelry and hair accessories. According to von der Goltz, the shell trend "seemed to be everywhere last summer, [but] has grown to include pearls and beads this season." It ties in to the aforementioned 'California Cool' trend, but with a wanderlust spin. Affectionately dubbed "souvenir jewelry" by her team, the trend also "includes anything with shells, pearls, coins, or stones. It’s an elevated take on the jewelry finds one would snag at a fabulous local shop on holiday" Schafer also chimed in, stating that “shell jewelry has transformed from beach basic to elevated elegance. Shell studs, charms, and pendants are the coveted accessory this summer.” You don't have to invest your paycheck to partake in this, either. "A great way to buy into some of these summer trends is through hair accessories," von der Goltz suggested. "We’re seeing this category grow with each season and include everything from hairclips to headbands to headscarves." Her favorite accessory brands are Valet and Eliou, which  contrast precious stones with color and whimsy.  When it comes to summer bags, our minds immediately think of straw totes. All the buyers we asked still approve of this seaside trend and don't see it waning anytime soon. Lisa Aiken, the fashion director of ModaOperandi, dissected why we love them. "They elicit a vacation mindset, even while using them in the city," she stated. "As a versatile summer staple, it is polished but not stuffy and can really tie together a look." But the style isn't limited to raffia, but all beachy keen textiles. “Craftwork is becoming a year-round trend in bags," says Schafer. "Straw, crochet, wovens and craft details are [all] trending."  If you're searching for a leather it-bag, Aiken is a big fan of Bottega Veneta's new pouch clutch. "Oversized or mini, it is the perfect piece to take you from day into night and become an essential in your handbag wardrobe. I’ve been wearing mine on repeat," she said.     This summer, trade in your fit and flare sundresses for a retro-inspired style. “The long and languid dress is the silhouette of summer," said Schafer. "Draping, wrapping, ties and knots achieve a soft, sophisticated look, while high-shine silks and satins create daytime opulence." Aiken calls these styles the modern tea dress, "​riffing off a shape from the forties." These styles show off a little ankle, but still retain a hint of flirtation. This sleeper trend is "super flattering and a great length [...] It is in line with a trend we are seeing— pieces with a vintage feel being reworked to [look] new." Find dresses that are midi-length and flow away from the body, like a dropped waist. Prints and colors are up to you, with styles ranging from saturated hues to antique florals.  Say goodbye to skinny sunnies. According to Schafer, big is back with an athletic twist this season. “Oversized shield sunglasses are trending this summer," she says, referring to sunglasses that look similar to what your dad wears while playing squash. "Think ‘90s sport with a futuristic take and the bigger, the better.” If you're feeling adventurous, go full dad mode in colorful Oakleys, or tone it down with geometric black shades. 
 "A utilitarian theme and dose of practicality is welcome for summer," said Aiken. These lightweight layers are ideal for hot days that need coverage from the dangerous rays. She suggests "linens, khaki, as well as the cargo pant and Bermuda shorts, [which] exemplify this trend." You heard it hear first: cargo pants are back. If separates aren't your thing, von der Goltz said "the boiler suit plays into this theme and is the ultimate one-step dressing option. It is so efficient, comfortable, cool and stylish."    the LIBRA sandal 🐚 now on @netaporter @brownsfashion @levelshoes A post shared by  BY FAR (@byfar_official) on Jan 28, 2019 at 11:06pm PST  According to both Scafer and Aiken, it's time to square up with square-toed shoes. "The clean, geometric shapes make the shoe style modern," said Aiken. "They beautifully toughen up a feminine dress." She touted Wandler's recently launched shoe brand as her new favorite. For Schafer, “minimal sandals are a must. Look for slender straps balanced with a block heel, or square toes for the newest take.” 
 Leopard print! What is there to say about it that's new? Absolutely nothing. It's a perennial! (Obviously.) It's basically a neutral. (Duh.) It's a time-honored way of adding Fran Fine finesse to an everyday look. (Everyone knows that.)  Ha! You thought. Now, fashion hounds are embracing it in a new, rather particular trend. We're seeing  the leopard-print midi skirt appear everywhere—in stores, on influencers, and on normies like you and me. The item is now as ubiquitous as those novels by Sally Rooney, colonizing your Instagram feed like bunnies. Celebrities, your friends, your enemies: everyone has bought in. It's not exactly a recent trend. After long periods of searching, ELLE.com's market editor, Justine Carreon, championed her affordable take on it back in January: an H&M calf-length winner that half of us duly logged on and bought. "This is the perfect leopard skirt," she wrote. "The cut is super flattering, hitting right at the calf. The hemline softly flares out, creating a feminine silhouette, and the leopard print isn't too leopard-y." Justine noted then that pricier versions of The Skirt originated the buzz months before that—in particular, Réalisation Par's Naomi skirt. Cut from pale gold silk and decorated with an all-black interpretation of leopard spots, it was so simple, pretty, and versatile as to become an instant classic.  The LPMS now seems so widespread that a new Instagram account is zeroing in on every single one that appears in the wild. According to The Cut, @leopardmidiskirt is run by 23-year-old Rilka Noel, who works at Kith. The account works like this: People spot the skirt (on themselves or others) and submit IRL snaps of the item du jour. There are a lot of them out there.  Found by/on @laurenelizabeth in Los Angeles A post shared by  leopardmidiskirt (@leopardmidiskirt) on May 24, 2019 at 8:06am PDT  Found by/on @gurl.jpg in New York A post shared by  leopardmidiskirt (@leopardmidiskirt) on May 23, 2019 at 3:19pm PDT ELLE.com's Senior Beauty Editor, Kristina Rodulfo, procured one of the H&M midi skirts after Justine wrote about it, after a heroic effort: "I searched two H&M stores—in person!—before finding it in my size. It was the last one." She's worn it in situations ranging from fashion week to work events, big presentations, and interviews. "I think it's popular because it goes with everything like a neutral, but adds a little more fun. A silky material makes it feel sexy, but the midi length makes it professional." Is she worried that everyone else is in on the secret? "I know it has now been relegated to a basic AF uniform of all women brunching in Manhattan on a weekend, but I love it, damn it!" she messaged me, typing, I imagine, furiously.  At the @elleusa #ELLELoves lounge ❤️ a chic lil oasis between shows with blowouts, manis, brow shaping, and most importantly, a SICK snack spread 😉 #NYFW A post shared by  Kristina Rodulfo (@kristinarodulfo) on Feb 9, 2019 at 12:22pm PST I'm as susceptible to a trend as anyone (my wardrobe is still about 80 percent athleisure, unfortunately), but this sartorial Sally Rooney seems a touch tricky to me. At a twitch over five feet, I'm wary of wearing a midi skirt (read: scared of looking shorter). But just like I once came to believe that leggings are pants, I will probably eventually become convinced that I simply must have an LPMS.  
 
 Alessandro Michele has a knack for melding old with the new. For Gucci's pre-fall 2019 campaign released earlier this year, models were transported to the ruined temples at Selinunte Archaeological Park in Sicily where a group of friends in 80s grunge haircuts and tattoos were photographed against the ancient Greek city. For the Gucci cruise 2020 show, Michele's love affair with Greek and Roman antiquity continued, this time at The Capitoline Museums in Rome.  Here's everything you need to know about the Gucci cruise 2020 runway show.  Staged at Rome’s Musei Capitolini, which is said to be one of the world's first museums, the location held a very special place in Michele's heart. As described in the show's notes, it was the location he frequented throughout his youth and the place he returned to for inspiration for the Gucci cruise 2020 collection, which had references to ancient Rome peppered throughout the presentation. Guests were given a package that contained an ancient book with a quote that read, "Only pagan antiquity awakened my desire, because it was the world of before, because it was an abolished world," by French historian and archeologist, Paul Veyne. Leaning into the theme a bit more, attendees were encouraged to use the flashlights placed on each seat to help illuminate the dark setting to see the collection.  The Gucci cruise 2020 runway was awash with ancient Greek-inspired looks, including a long red cape with gold embroidery at the hem and a yellow and pink deep-v gown before Michele dove into the future a bit with a white multi-tiered lace dress, strong-shouldered suits, and corduroy pants in vibrant hues.  Oh, Mickey Mouse made an appearance, too.  However, a reoccurring theme throughout the collection was women's liberation. A model walked down the runway in a sweater with the date "22.5.78" emblazoned on the front, a nod to "the Italian statute for the social protection of motherhood and the voluntary interruption of pregnancy, better known as statute 194," the brand explained on its social media. Gucci also made it clear that it was pro-choice and debuted a blazer that read, "My Body My Choice," a timely message in light of the debate over abortion rights happening in the US.  There was also a cream floor-length gown with a uterus embroidered on the front, which he designed to remind people that "women should really be respected and considered as much as men, they should have freedom of choice, even to interrupt a pregnancy, which is the most difficult one," he explained to WWD.  Gucci's Resort 2020 show drew a gang of stars, including Elton John, Zoe Saldana, A$AP Rocky, Salma Hayek, K-Pop singer Kai, Harry Styles and more.    Gucci took the crowd from the Musei Capitolini to the Palazzo Brancaccio for a night full of entertainment from DJs, including Zumi Rosow, and a special performance by Stevie Nicks and Harry Styles. The duo delivered a rendition of Fleetwood Mac's "Landslide," written by Nicks, and  "Stop Dragging My Heart" from her debut album Bella Donna.  
 See the best looks from past to present. You might think awards season is over come February, but come June, it's time for The Tony Awards. Celebrating outstanding achievements in live Broadway theater, the event takes place annually at New York City's Radio City Music Hall, and guarantees the spectacle of all Broadway's darlings dressed to the nines. From ruffles and ruching to silky or sequined gowns, here are the most gorgeous dresses from the Tony Awards, past to present. For the 21st Annual Tony Awards, Minnelli wore a tiered ruffle gown with dazzling embellishments. For the 21st Annual Tony Awards, Thyssen wore a white dress and matching fur coat. For the 34th Annual Tony Awards, Moore wore a black bedazzled gown with a matching black choker. For the 37th Annual Tony Awards, Makarova wore a sparkling silver fringe dress with a matching head piece. For the 38th Annual Tony Awards, MacLaine wore a semi sheer black jacket and Welch wore a navy blue sequined dress. For the 39th Annual Tony Awards, Weaver wore a black sequined column gown with opera gloves. For the 42nd Annual Tony Awards, Turner wore a bright aqua sequined slip dress. For the 43rd Annual Tony Awards, Uggams wore a golden one-shoulder gown. For the 44th Annual Tony Awards, Turner wore a black abstract printed gown with sequined detailing. For the 47th Annual Tony Awards, Carroll wore a white belted gown with tiered ruffles. For the 52nd Annual Tony Awards, Mazzie wore a pearly white semi-sheer gown. For the 52nd Annual Tony Awards, Neuwirth wore a tawny velvet gown with sequined embroidery at the bust. For the 54th Annual Tony Awards, Lucci wore a simple silk gown with diamond jewelry. For the 54th Annual Tony Awards. Yates wore an iridescent bodycon dress with hoop earrings. For the 55th Annual Tony Awards, Paltrow wore a short-sleeved dress with a plunging neckline and a sheer floral skirt. For the 56th Annual Tony Awards, Williams wore a fitted white gown with pink floral embroidery. For the 59th Annual Tony Awards, Stiles wore a plunging red gown. For the 59th Annual Tony Awards, Janney wore a mauve strapless mermaid gown. For the 60th Annual Tony Awards, Foster wore an ivory mermaid gown adorned with delicate feathers.  For the 61st Annual Tony Awards, Williams wore a teal satin gown. For the the 62nd Annual Tony Awards, Benanti wore a sparkling burgundy column gown with a shoulder strap detail. For the 63rd Annual Tony Awards, Hathaway wore a black strapless Oscar de la Renta dress. For the 63rd Annual Tony Awards, Chen wore a multicolored tulle gown with an empire waist. For the 64th Annual Tony Awards, Smith wore a Marchesa gown with structured ruffles. For the 64th Annual Tony Awards, Liu wore a blush pink tulle gown by Marchesa. For the 65th Annual Tony Awards, Jones wore a long-sleeved red Elie Saab gown. For the 67th Annual Tony Awards, Miller wore a floral tulle Zac Posen gown and Fred Leighton jewels. For the 67th Annual Tony Awards, Ashford wore a gold lamé gown with a deep v-neckline. For the 69th Annual Tony Awards, Lopez wore a midnight blue Valentino gown embroidered in gold. For the 69th Annual Tony Awards, Chenoweth wore a shimmering silver Zac Posen gown.
 The hunt for a simple flat sandal is deceptively hard. Many on the market are too beachy, too cheeky, poor fitting, or flat out boring. And often times, they're also too expensive. But as with all-too-common origin stories for brands these days, Studio Amelia founder, Emily Amelia Inglis, found herself on the hunt for simple sandals that don't cost a fortune, couldn't find a pair, so she made them herself. Enter: the fashion industry's newest obsession. Though Studio Amelia doesn't boast a hefty social media presence (yet), buyers everywhere are touting it as the next big thing in minimalist footwear. "Understated and versatile, this newly launched brand has mastered the city sandal," says Lisa Aiken, ModaOperandi's fashion director. The 'city sandal' designation couldn't be more apt: Studio Amelia shoes effortlessly transition from the beach to an evening out—take for example how they were styled with a feathered cocktail dress at Michael Lo Sordo's runway show. "For weekday or weekend, there couldn’t be a more effortless pair to invest in," says Aiken.    For Studio Amelia, it's all about nailing the perfect silhouette.  Since their launch in 2018, the brand has only produced four styles in limited color ways. The tight edit of sandals represents the best there is to offer, not a Cheesecake Factory selection of fancy footwear. Hollie Harding, Brown's womenswear buying manager of non-apparel, agrees. "The simplicity and quality is what make them chic," she says. "They stand out because of the way the straps on the four styles are placed and how iconic yet simple they are."
 The Gucci Cruise 2020 show is about to start in Rome, Italy. Catch all the action, from start to finish, below.
 While most athletes favor high-performing and comfortable garments for competition, Serena Williams also dresses with political intention. The tennis champion returned to the French Open in Paris Monday in a custom outfit decorated with inspiring words to silence her detractors and remind the world exactly who she is.  "Queen," "Champion," "Mother," and "Goddess" were the words written in English and French all over the black and white Off-White x Nike jacket she wore to warm up at Roland Garros ahead of her match against Russian tennis player Vitalia Diatchenko. Williams won, in case you were wondering, but we're here to discuss this 'fit:    For the actual match, Serena peeled off the lightweight jacket to reveal the rest of the ensemble: a sports bra and skort in the same black and white pattern as the jacket. She topped it off with a pair of Nike sneakers.  Williams first previewed the outfit on social media, in black and white photos of her dressed in the same jacket and sports bra with a floor-length skirt. "Let the Roland Garros begin," she wrote. "Here is my French Open look designed by @virgilabloh and @nike."   Let the Roland Garros begin. Here is my French Open look designed by @virgilabloh and @nike. A post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on May 26, 2019 at 6:00am PDT Last year, Williams made headlines for playing the French Open in a black catsuit she called her "Wakanda-inspired" suit and dedicated to "all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy.” The French Tennis Federation eventually banned Williams's style of catsuit, citing "respect [for] the game and the place"—and completely missing its importance. Serena wore the compression catsuit to help her manage her blood clots, a life-threatening issue she's been dealing with for years.   Catsuit anyone? For all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy—here you go. If I can do it, so can you. Love you all!! A post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on May 29, 2018 at 12:05pm PDT "I had a lot of problems with my blood clots, and, God, I don’t know how many I have had in the past 12 months. So it is definitely a little functionality to it,” Williams explained to The Guardian. “I have been wearing pants in general a lot when I play, so I can keep the blood circulation going. It’s a fun suit but it’s also functional, so I can be able to play without any problems.”
 Spoiler: You can pair silver eyeliner with a red lip.  Any given episode of Bravo's Project Runway has no shortage of unique, funky, and always creative outfits. The designs created by the contestants are just half of the appeal, though—the makeup is often a statement in itself.  We took three bold looks from the brand-new season of the show and made them wearable for life off the runway (outfits not included). Watch below as three ELLE editors get Project Runway-inspired looks, from eye-popping shadow to a bold lip using Maybelline Color Sensational Made For All lipstick.  After applying foundation and filling in your brows, brush on a bit of bronzer, followed by blush. Next comes the fun part: silver eyeliner with a bit of sparkle. Outline your lids, starting from the inner crease above your lashes.  After a few strokes of mascara, use Maybelline Made For All Lipstick in Red For Me. This classic red will be a staple in your makeup collection—any occasion can benefit from a red lip.    Start by applying foundation and concealer, then fill in your brows. Next, lightly brush on a bit of blush before using some Maybelline New York Master Strobing Liquid highlighter for a glowing effect.  Finish things off with another shade in Maybelline's Made For All lipstick line: Plum For Me. The hue was tested on dozens of women to make sure it looks good on, literally, everyone. First, apply foundation, concealer, and blush. Then apply cat-eye liner in a bold color and several strokes of Maybelline Snapscara in Ultra Violet. Finish with Maybelline Made For All Lipstick in Fuchsia For Me. A hot pink lip can be intimidating, but this particular shade works well with all skin tones. The Project Runway season finale airs on June 13. 
 Naomi Scott stars as Princess Jasmine in the new Disney adaption, but her off-duty style is even more magical and has lit up the red carpets. Click through for some of her best looks so far, from her sporty princess look to a chic cerulean pant suit. In a custom Brandon Maxwell princess gown at the Los Angeles premiere of Aladdin. Out in Los Angeles. In a custom ruby red Armani Prive gown at a VIP screening of Aladdin in Amman, Jordan. In a red tulle Maison Valentino dress at the Berlin premiere of Aladdin. In a cerulean Paul & Joe suit during the London photocall for Aladdin. In a pale blue Burberry dress during the London gala screening of Aladdin. In an Off-White gown during the Paris gala screening of Aladdin. In Burberry at the 2019 Met Gala in New York City. In Maison Valentino and Casadei boots during the 2019 Kids' Choice Awards. In Louis Vuitton while attending the Louis Vuitton fall/winter 2019 fashion show. In Erdem during Erdem's fall/winter 2018 London fashion week show. In JW Anderson during JW Anderson's fall/winter 2018 London fashion week show. In Armani at the Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony honoring Haim Saban in Los Angeles. In Chanel at the Los Angeles premiere of Power Rangers. In an embroidered dress and leather jacket while out in Los Angeles. In a dark jacket and a while dress while doing interviews at SiriusXM to promote Power Rangers. In Stella McCartney at the MTV Fandom Awards in San Diego.
 Aside from lounging by the pool with a great book and thanking the universe it finally decided to feel like summer, Memorial Day weekend is all about shopping the excellent sales from your favorite brands. The answer to your immediate question(s): Yes, you need that gingham dress...and, no, that throw pillow doesn't cost too much.  Peruse through the best Memorial Day weekend fashion and home sales, below.  Date: 5/21-5/27; 5/21-6/3 Discount: Save up to 70 percent when you take an extra 20 percent off sale and clearance items labeled BIG BROWN BAG SALE. Plus, loyallists get a $50 reward card for every $200 you spend on a large selection of regular price items.   SHOP  Date: 5/24-5/28  Discount: 20 percent off sitewide using code: SAVE20 SHOP Date: Now-5/27 Discount: Additional 40 percent off sale items  SHOP Date: 5/23-5/28 Discount: 25 percent off Summer Favorites and a gift with purchase: pick 1 of 4 sunglasses with a purchase of $50 or more SHOP Date: 5/24-5/27   Discount: Additional 20 percent off sale items including seasonal colors using code: MEMORIAL20 Date: 5/22-5/28 Discount: 30 percent off select styles using code: HISUMMER30. Exclusions apply.   SHOP Date: 5/22-5/28 Discount: 50-70 percent off everyone online and outlet stores, 50 percent off everything full price in-store SHOP  Date: 5/22-5/27 Discount: 30-50 percent off select styles; 30 percent off wide assortment of denim in men’s and women’s; GWP clear tote with $100+ total purchase while supplies last SHOP  Date: Now-inventory sells out  Discount: Up to 30 percent off select styles SHOP Date: 5/23-5/28 Discount: Spend up to $99 and receive 30 percent off; Spend $100-250, and receive 40 percent off; Spend $250+ and receive 50 percent off SHOP Date: 5/22-5/27 Discount: 30 percent off clearance Date: 5/23-5/27 Discount: 40 percent off selected items  SHOP  Date: 5/24-5/27 Discount: Buy any two sunglasses (including sale) and get a black Ever After pair for free Date: 5/23-5/28 Discount: 35 percent off sitewide SHOP Date: 5/26-5/27 Discount: Additional 5 percent off all sale items using code: KICKOFF25 SHOP Date: 5/22-5/28 Discount: Up to 80 percent off sitewide  SHOP Date: 5/24-5/28 Discount: 70 percent off sale items only, excludes new arrivals SHOP  Date: 5/23-5/27; 5/23-5/28; 5/26  Discount: Save $25 for every $100 spent, $25 off $100, $50 off $200 $75 off $300, $100 off $400 SHOP Date: 5/24-5/27 Discount: 30 percent off sitewide SHOP  Date: 5/23-5/27 Discount: 20 percent off sitewide + free shipping (excludes full price "Original Collection," Work and kids styles) using code: SPLASH20 SHOP  Date: 5/24-5/27 Discount: 30 percent off select items SHOP  Date: 5/23-5/27 Discount: 20 percent off when you buy over $150 SHOP   Date: 5/20-5/27  Discount: Up to 40 percent off select men’s and women’s lines, in-store and online SHOP  Date: 5/24-5/27 Discount: Everything up to 50 percent off in-store and online  Date: 5/23-5/27 Discount: 25 percent off sitewide using code: MAY25 SHOP Date: 5/22-6/9 Discount: 25 percent off select styles  SHOP Date: 5/20-5/31  Discount: 50 percent off all tees, 50 percent off all tanks, 50 percent off all shorts, 50 percent off all swim  Date: 5/23-5/29  Discount: AdditionaL 20 percent off discount on all sale items using code: POOLSIDE SHOP  Date: 5/23-5/27 Discount: 25 percent off the "before they go" section SHOP Date: 5/10-5/31   Discount: $5 off $25+ in-store at Bed Bath & Beyond SHOP  Date: 5/24-5/27  Discount: 40 percent off  Date: Now-5/27 Discount: Major sales on a variety of home essentials SHOP Date: 5/21-5/27 Discount: MH40 available for $199 (originally $249) using code: MEMORIAL19 SHOP Date: Now-5/27   Discount: 20 percent off using code: MEMDAY SHOP Date: 5/24-5/28 Discount: Choose a deluxe-sized Bouq to only pay the price of an original using code: 2XBLOOMS. Available on select products. SHOP Date: 5/21-5/28   Discount: $300+ 15 percent off using code: GOOD | $600+ 20 percent off using code: BETTER | $900+ 25 percent off using code: BEST SHOP Date: 5/23-5/28; 5/26  Discount: 20 percent sitewide, including sale items (some exclusions apply); New sale items will be added SHOP  Date: 5/24-5/27  Discount: 20 percent off everything on the site and in-store Date: 5/24-5/27 Discount: 15 percent off sitewide using code: SUMMER15 SHOP Date: 5/24-5/27 Discount: Sale on Sale. 20 percent off sale section. Up to 70 percent off.   SHOP  Date: 5/24-5/28 Discount: 20 percent off sitewide using code: SUMMERISHERE SHOP  Date: 5/13-5/27 Discount: Get a free small candy cube when you spend $20; Get 3 free small candy cubes when you spend $40. *Free cube flavors are subject to availability SHOP   Date: 5/20-5/27 Discount: 25 percent off any order using code: SUMMERFUN SHOP  This post will be updated as more sales become available.  For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 
From: Marie Claire US

 It's the end of an era for Topshop, the beloved European retail giant. Today the brand announced it will shutter all of its US Topshop and Topman locations, adding to the 200 UK stores that its parent company, Arcadia Group, has closed over the past three years.  According to the BBC, Topshop closing down its US locations is a move pushed by Arcadia Group in the hopes that it will help prevent a "breakup" and avoid going into administration, meaning the company would be temporarily passed over to another individual who investigates the situation to see if the company can be rescued or if it's time to throw in the towel. Bad news? The shakeup will likely put several jobs in jeopardy, BBC and Business Insider reports. Ian Grabiner, chief executive of Arcadia Group, tells BBC that the move was a "tough but necessary" one.   Walk this way for the best outfits of the season 🚶🏼‍♀ Tap to shop or shop via the 🔗 in bio. A post shared by  Topshop (@topshop) on May 22, 2019 at 3:00am PDT The news comes just months after Beyoncé, who exclusively sold her Ivy Park athleisure line at the retailer, severed ties with Topshop following sexual harassment allegations made against Topshop chairman, Sir Philip Green. Since announcing her split from the UK retailer last November, Beyoncé has moved forward with a partnership with Adidas.  "This is the partnership of a lifetime for me," Beyoncé said in a press release. "Adidas has had tremendous success in pushing creative boundaries. We share a philosophy that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business.” There is some good news, though. Topshop and Topman will still be sold on its official site and at retail partners, including Nordstrom, and they're having a sale right now. 
 Giambattista Valli has mastered the art of excess. The fashion darling is known for his delectably over-the-top, jaw-dropping designs that have been worn by Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Rihanna, and other A-listers. But thanks to Valli's new collaboration with H&M, we can all live out our own glamorous, Disney princess fairytale IRL.  Dubbed "Project Love," Valli designed an assortment of limited-edition gowns and accessories for the ladies and tailored pieces for the guys, and recruited his muses, singer H.E.R., Kendall Jenner, Chris Lee, Chiara Ferragni, Bianca Brandolini, and Ross Lynch, to model the first round of styles in the collection.  H.E.R debuted The Dream Dress, a white gown made with layers of tulle and a sheer bustier.  Jenner went full-on dramatic in The Neon Signature hot pink strapless tulle multi-tiered gown, which she described as "gorgeous, dramatic and fiercely feminine," (and is similar to the look Jennifer Lopez wore to her Second Act premiere in New York.) But my personal fave? Chris Lee's powder pink high-low dress with a plunging neckline and elaborate tulle shoulders.   "I am excited about this collaboration: H&M gives me the opportunity to bring my vision of style and my celebration of beauty to a wider audience," Valli said in a press release. "The goal is to share my love for beauty and to be able to be part of everyone’s 'happy moments,' to help create love stories all around the world." Priced between $18 and $650, the Giambattista Valli x H&M collection will launch with an early drop expected to arrive in H&M stores on Saturday, May 25 before the full collection releases later in November. You can shop the full range when it drops on hm.com.
 Summer unofficially kicks off this weekend, which means we'll be transitioning into swimsuit-only attire very soon. And the best way to justify yet another swim purchase is telling yourself a one-piece swimsuit can be worn off the beach (with jeans, of course.) We rounded up our current faves—including all the best designers like Solid & Striped and Lisa Marie Fernandez—that happen to be on sale at Shopbop. Shop now and get ready for the beach. 
 Championed by designers from Chanel to Balenciaga and Prada, sneakers have far exceeded function. But that doesn't mean you don't want a comfy pair at the end of the day. Whether your look is a sleek low-top, retro silhouette, chunky sole, or sporty knit, no wardrobe is complete without a comfortable sneaker. Ahead, our favorites for the season—from affordable Vans and sustainably-made styles by Veja to luxe Gucci picks and classic Nikes . Sustainable fashion lovers listen up: this just-launched trainer from Everlane is the brand’s lowest impact style to date, made with less waste, less energy, and 54 percent less virgin plastic. Inspired by the Adidas archive, these stretchy, cushiony sneakers are as close as it gets to walking on clouds. Move over Dad sneakers, it’s all about vintage styles starting with an old-school Reebook that's the epitome of comfy-cool. Perfectly sleek and buttery soft, this white sneaker comes with an ultra-comfortable and bouncy removable insole. A bold take on comfort, Balenciaga’s stretch-knit high-top sneakers have hit cult status among the fashion-insider set. Handcrafted in Georgia and complete with a padded tongue for extra comfort, these kicks feel super fresh.  It-Girls like Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid, and Hailey Baldwin all own this sporty-sleek style.  Made from a TechLoom knit, these lightweight sneakers basically feel like you’re wearing socks (in a good way). If you want to go the designer route, try a black pair like these Prada ones. They'll never go out of style.  For canvas sneakers, it doesn’t get better than classic Superga’s — try this new-season style with gold-tone eyelets. Comfort, but make it Gucci. Meghan Markle may have put Veja on the map, but a commitment to comfort and sustainability will keep them there. Calling all cozy queens: this ultra-flexible, lightweight, buttery-soft sneaker is what I like to call the shoe equivalent to sweatpants. Proof that razzle-dazzle can come in comfy form. Channel your inner track star in these vintage-inspired sneakers with breathable mesh panels. Converse may remind you of 8th grade, but there’s no denying the comfort of this platform sole. It doesn't get cooler or comfier than neon Prestos.  Channel a Cali vibe in these eggshell colored slip-on Vans — a favorite for everyday comfort. With pumped up soles, these exaggerated sneakers are the comfortable alternative to heels with suits. Break from all-white sneakers in favor of this chunky pair with touches of neon. They're made from non-leather materials as part of Stella McCartney’s cruelty-free ethos. An unexpected classic you'll pass on for years to come.  The logo on this looks almost leopard like, meaning it matches with everything. 
 Iconic summertime activities better done solo (and in head-to-toe Gucci). Summer is all about blissful long days, laidback luxuries, celebrating the simple pleasures in life, and, usually, spending unfiltered time with friends and family. While the latter is nice, it can also become overwhelming during a season where freedom is the ultimate goal.  Frankly, spending too much together time isn't always dreamy. This summer, we're reclaiming our off-duty time and requesting a solo trip. Indulge in all of the classic mainstays—like leisurely reading or basking in the sun—but do it all by your lonesome (and in pieces from Gucci's Toward Summer collection).   Summer's the ideal season for daydreaming, a pastime that literally requires no one else.  Set off on a gorgeous day without a destination in mind and see where your feet take you. A wide expanse of sand makes for the perfect track. Just don't forget the necessary accessories. A wide-brim hat will keep rays at bay, and an oversized tote has extra space should you find a stash of perfectly formed seashells.  Shop smart: The above bag and hat, and all other styles seen in this story with green trim, are only available on gucci.com.  
     "Required reading" may have been dirty words during a childhood summer, but that's not the case now.   The unrelenting pace of adult life means that carving out time to do nothing but dive into a good book is luxury personified. Pack your bag with a buzzy new hardcover or pick up a much-loved paperback. No matter what strikes your fancy, find a quiet spot and lose yourself.  
   Good food's a year-round pleasure, but meals experienced during summer somehow feel more magical.  Sit outside and enjoy fresh fruit and perfectly mixed drinks. Achievable anywhere, the ideal would be in a wide-open area free of any distractions but the sun and sky. Small talk can be tiresome when all you want to do is indulge in sensory delights. Skip it entirely by booking for one.  
   Few things feel more classically summer than relaxing by a pool.   The beauty of the pristine aqua surface can be marred by overcrowding or seriously splashy children, meaning the most peaceful way to experience it is as an audience of one. Do laps without worrying about a traffic jam, or give into the youthful appeal of a canon-ball without a care about who's watching. Actually getting wet not your thing? Make the most of an empty pool deck by letting yourself get mesmerized by the placid water.  
     Gucci’s bringing the Toward Summer Collection to the East End of Long Island.  Stay tuned for more details.    Model: Gabrielle Richardson; Styled by: Rachel Pincus; Hair: Brian Buenaventura; Makeup: Tracy Alfajora; Prop Stylist: Juliet Jernigan Photographed at the Catalina Beach Club; Furniture provided by Brown Jordan 
 One of Cannes's glitziest—and most model-filled—red carpets is upon us: the annual amfAR Gala. And the ladies have come dressed in some of the most lavish ball gowns, column dresses, and pantsuits that the French festival has seen. Here, all the best looks from the red carpet. In a blue off-the-shoulder dress by Sachin & Babi and Nigora Tabayer necklace. In a metallic rainbow asymmetrical gown with a high leg slit. In a sleeveless light pink high-low dress. In a pink tiered high-low dress by Giambattista Valli x H&M and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry. In a blue asymmetrical hooded gown. In a yellow and orange asymmetrical gown. In a white strapless gown with a high-leg slit. In a strapless white high-low gown. Sampaio in a black strapless gown with a feathered skirt. In a black off-the-shoulder long sleeved gown by Ester Abner and Christian Louboutin shoes. In a metallic cutout column gown. In a white off-the-shoulder dotted dress by Gabriela Hearst. In a light pink halter gown. In a ruffly blue print dress. In a long-sleeve black blazer dress and Christian Louboutin shoes. In a navy off-the-shoulder A-line gown. In a white silk suit. In a rainbow sleeveless dress. In a sleeveless pink metallic column gown. Lo in a green and tan cape dress by Ralph Lauren Collection and Golding in a Ralph Lauren Purple Label suit. In a strapless blue and green print dress with a tulle black skirt. In a black sleeveless gown. In an embellished sheer nude dress by Georges Hobeika. In a pale pink strapless gown. In a pink tiered strapless gown. In a crimson halter dress with a ruffled skirt. In a gold cape gown by Monique Lhuillier. In a ice blue embellished high-leg slit gown. In an off-the-shoulder white mini dress and gloves. In a white embellished gown with sheer sleeves.
 While Rihanna's past designer collaborations leaned toward "Marie Antoinette at the gym," the singer's inaugural Fenty collection was designed for bosses who still like to have a little fun, much like the designer herself. Inspired by her own personal style, Fenty's first drop melds masculine tailoring with the feminine physique to create a series of sharp-shouldered blazers, poplin blouses with exaggerated shoulders and collars, wide-leg trousers and denim, many of which include a waist-snatching corset. Click through to see every look from Rihanna's debut collection. 
 At this point, it isn't too farfetched to say that anything Rihanna touches turns to gold. With hits like Fenty Beauty, Savage x Fenty lingerie, and other collaborations under her belt, we aren't surprised that anticipation for, Fenty, her first foray into luxury clothing with LVMH, has reached a fever pitch. Not only because she's the first Black woman to head up a brand for the conglomerate, but because the entire line—from the structured silhouettes to textures and colors—is inspired by and carefully designed by Rihanna. So what does it actually look like? Aptly titled Release 5-19, referencing the month and year of the release, the first Fenty drop takes cues from Rihanna's own personal style with oversized, sharp suiting taking the spotlight of the entire range. In the new Fenty lookbook released today, May 23, an oversized blazer dress is dipped in an array of colors and fabrics, including a coral pink number with '80s-reminiscent exaggerated shoulders, a loose-fitting Japanese denim jacket with large cargo pockets on the front, and chic white iteration, similar to the style Rihanna wore to her Fenty launch event in Paris earlier this week. Rihanna also created co-ord sets in Japanese denim and coral pink, a t-shirt dress, crisp white button down shirts, khaki trousers, and a slew of accessories and shoes. In these images, exclusive to ELLE, you'll find The Affair pump in a caramel hue, the Blockt oversized sunglasses the singer wore in her T Magazine shoot, and gold jewelry.   At the launch event for Fenty in Paris, Rihanna debuted one of the oversized offerings: a white blazer dress that sat high above her knee and cinched her waist with its built-in corset detail. She paired the white dress with a pair of The Affair strappy heels.  Paris will be the first stop to shop Fenty when the pop-up opens to the public on May 24. Fenty officially opens globally on May 29. 
 There must be something in the water down under, because Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia has a way of producing some of the best up-and-coming designers. With alma mater brands like Dion Lee and Zimmermann, MBFWA has made Sydney a breeding ground for fresh faces. After transitioning to a resort-only season in 2015 they've learned to play to their strengths: elevated beachwear, consumer-focused ready-to-wear, and an innate understanding of effortless sex appeal. Read on for our roundup of the top designers and brands of Resort 2020 making their transpacific jump.  MBFWA opened with Aje, a womenswear brand designed by Edwina Forest and Adrian Norris. With the Sydney Opera House looming in the background, their beautiful collection seemed to float past you. Entitled "Bloomscape," the collection featured delicate floral prints, sculptural silhouettes imitating bedrock, and koalas. You can't get more Australian than that.  Christopher Esber may have shown at NYFW and PFW—but his roots will always remain in his hometown. His collection, titled "On Holiday," is the vacation wardrobe you dream: moody swimsuits that wrapped around the torso, gauzy sundresses you wouldn't mind steaming in at an AirBnb, and basket-woven suits that bring a summery feel to tailoring.  Stateside, Matteau is known as one of the hottest swimwear brands on the market, but their fashion week debut proved they are firmly situating themselves in the ready-to-wear space. Their vision of beachwear is intended to match their sophisticated bikinis, which reads as '70s-printed florals and heavy linen coveralls. Beyond their suggestion that a maxi blazer is the perfect coverup, who knew an elastic waistband could look this chic?  Fact: Lee Matthews makes a really good sundress. Her joyous collection was a beautiful combination of all your summer faves: watermelon pink hues, sheer watercolor prints, and an army of floral and gingham dresses. Interspersed between feminine looks were heavy utilitarian numbers that can be mixed and matched together in a modern woman's closet.  Alice McCall is a brand for a girl who's unafraid of ruffles. Her playful collection would not look out of place at an '80s prom, but it still makes sense with today's penchant for camp. It's maximalism for the feminine type: tangerine lace trimmed with marabou, rhinestone heart belt buckles wrapped around velvet mini dresses, and the show's closer, a metallic pink dress for the homecoming queen. We wouldn't expect anything less from Australia's it-girl.  The boys behind Instagram's favorite Hawaiian shirts are growing up, but that doesn't mean they're leaving their kitschy globetrotting aesthetic behind. Mikey Nolan and Toby Jones elevated their brand into to comprehensive men's and women's collection that included fun knits and marbled sets alike. Their standout look is surprising: a chambray robe that's sure to make a scene on the street style circuit, but could move seamlessly between the boardwalk and the city. Despite Sydney having their own famous beaches, Bec + Bridge pulled inspo from another oceanside community: Southern California. Set to the tune of The Beach Boys, their runway looks were for a refined Betty. They paired mock wetsuits with '70s floral brocade and made a strong case for formal surfwear. We're stoked to see the brand evolve from a Kendall Jenner-loving dress label.  Aussie's are known for killer bikini lines, and Bondi Born is yet another Sydney-based swim brand that is make waves for their minimalist silhouettes. Founded in 2015 by Dale McCarthy, their sustainable resort collection is more Maldives getaway than a Bondi hang, but we'll take either location if that means we can slip into one of their roomy linen sets.  Spectacularly staged at the iconic Bondi Icebergs Pool—you know, the one everyone Instagrams—was Ten Pieces' contemporary sportswear collection, 'Cosmic Runner'. Designed by a co-op of creatives, their fifth collection is streetwear meets hippie meets punk. Maurice Terzini, one of the brands designers, stated in their press release that the show is “inspired by the attitude and styling of the disco freak eras gone by.” This amalgamated concept was perhaps most prominent in a sporty maxi gown that was, expectantly, the perfect shade of an actual iceberg.  The closer at MBFWA was Carla Zampatti, a legendary Italian-Australian designer who has been in the game for over five decades. Still, her collection felt as fresh as a rookie's. The designer explored statement shoulders, polka dot eveningwear, and satin tailoring that reads more Girls Night Out than workplace attire.
 Clothing rentals services used to be a 20-something's go-to for landing the perfect gown or suit for an upcoming special occasion, but times have changed. Now you can rent an outfit for literally anything, and mall shops like Loft and Urban Outfitters are joining the clothing rental subscription game to bring you a few pieces each month for the price of one.  Earlier this week, Urban Outfitters Inc. announced that it would be launching its very own subscription service called Nuuly this upcoming summer. With Nuuly, customers can choose up to six pieces from URBN's in-house apparel brands—which equals up to over $800 worth of products—including UO, Anthropologie, and Free People, as well as pieces from Reebok, Fila, Champion, Levi’s, and other streetwear brands UO sells, all for just $88. Plus, Nuuly will also feature a curated collection of "rare vintage items" and designer pieces from Anna Sui, Universal Standard, Gal Meets Glam, and more.  "We bring our distinctive brands and their proprietary assortments, millions of existing customer relationships with rich preference histories, long-standing brand partnerships, a broad point-of-sale distribution network, as well as deep, operational know-how and investable capital," David Hayne, chief digital officer of URBN said in a press release. "When paired with our proven ability to develop creative lifestyle brands, we believe Nuuly is uniquely positioned to deliver the dynamic subscription rental experience the modern customer desires."  In addition to UO, Loft's newly launched subscription service, Infinitely Loft, allows subscribers to rent any three pieces from the brand's plus, petite, tall and maternity offerings with unlimited swaps for $65. If you happen to love one of your picks and want to keep it forever, Loft will sell it for a discounted price.  You can sign up for Nuuly's waitlist right now here. 
 The sun may be out, but your toes are still stuck in Winter—and that's okay because this cute summer footwear will save you even if your pedicure situation is not to your liking. Buy yourself some time with this round up of the season's best closed-toe shoes all at at least 50 percent off thanks to Nordstrom's half yearly sale. Shop our favorite mules, flats, sneakers, and more, ahead. 
 The search for the perfect white tee can be exhausting: How opaque is it? Will these these sleeves flatter soon-to-be-cut triceps? Does it give off enough of a '90s-era Kate Moss for Calvin Klein vibe? To help you out, I reached out to some of our favorite cool girls in various facets of the fashion industry to share their favorite white tee. And since no white tees are the same and you can never have too many, read on to see where their white t-shirt loyalties lie.  "My go-to tee is the ASKK NY Classic Tee. I usually wear it semi-tucked into high-waist jeans or a skirt—it’s the perfect length for that. I’ve found that if a tee is too long or too short, it looks bizarre half-tucked! This one’s soft, super stretchy, and purposefully sheer, which makes it seem a little more elevated than a classic cotton tee, in my opinion." —Lauren Chan, Founder & CEO Henning "I like structured, thicker cotton when it comes to my white tee as it just feels cleaner and crisper. It took me years as a fashion editor at a top glossy to find my hero T and then I found Gap's Modern Crewneck T-Shirt. Now, it's my go-to. It's a thick, soft cotton crewneck that makes me feel comfortable, but put together and doesn't wrinkle throughout the day (that's key!). I have it in a few different sizes: sized down for a fitted silhouette and sized up if I want a looser fit." —Monica Mendal, Writer, Editor & Brand Consultant  "I’m currently loving the tees from Cotton Citizen. They’re all made in LA and so soft. I’ve been living in this crop tee style because I wear mainly high waist trousers and jeans, but I've also found the long-sleeve version has a great fit and comes in multiple colors as well. I can’t get enough!" —Brittany Xavier, Influencer "I purchase the majority of my t-shirts from Alexander Wang as I love his shapes, quality, and durability.  Currently I have this white cropped t-shirt on repeat with a high waisted bottom as it accentuates the skinniest part of my body. My secret styling hack is that I add shoulder pads to my t-shirts to pump up the silhouette." —Nausheen Shah, Stylist and Creative Director  "I gravitate to a boxier fit, so the men’s section is a gold mine. This one by Frame is super soft and has a bit of a longer sleeve, which I like, and leaves the option open for cuffing. I usually have two of these on hand at all times. " —Chloe King, Content Director, The Webster "This might be weird, but honestly, my favorite white t-shirt is the Hanes men’s tagless T. It’s a simple classic tee at a good price point. I do end up shortening them a few inches because I am more on the petite side, but I love how easy and comfortable they are and that the fabric is just thick enough so they aren’t completely sheer." —Alexandra O'Neil, Designer, Markarian  "These T-shirt’s are wildly soft! I love that they have a baggy fit and the sleeves are long enough to cuff if you want. Also the crew neck hits at the perfect spot." —Nicole Chapoteau, Stylist "I love this PB tee because its just the right thickness. I size down and wear these tee’s tight and fitted so that I can pair them with a paper bag waist pant or high waisted skirt." —Maria Duenas Jacobs, Director of Brand Development, Stitch Fix "I buy almost all of my basics at Uniqlo and have multiple Uniqlo U Supima white crew neck t-shirts that are my favorite.The t-shirt is more fitted than a unisex style, but because it has a nice thickness, it skims the body instead of clinging like a lightweight t-shirt might. The length is just right for tucking into pants (not too long that it bunches).Because of the nature of my job, I have unpredictable days where I am running around a lot, so it’s important for me to try to look presentable for meetings, but also to be comfortable. The Uniqlo t-shirts are so soft and easy to style so I end up wearing them most days of the week. I prefer to wear boxy and relaxed pants like Dickies, so the proportions with this t-shirt feel more balanced and put together for work compared to the others I tend to wear on the weekends. Finally, the t-shirts are a low price point, which is great because I hate wearing anything too precious." —Sandi Halimuddin, Senior Fashion PR Manager, Black Frame "This tee is my favorite because it’s slightly sheer, gets softer over time, comes from recycled materials and can be dressed up or down. I have three of them and they seem to last forever." —Heather Lilleston, Fitness Influencer
 Net-A-Porter's biannual sale is treated like a bank holiday. Everyone at ELLE.com takes a leisurely deskside vacation, perusing page after page of slashed designer goods, and then gets back to work after they've spiraled out of control. By 9 o'clock this morning, two editors had already e-swiped their credit cards, and influenced a few others to do the same. But since we're trying to be practical this time around, we focused on the best summer finds we could wear to work. From Valentino to Madewell, read on for all the deals.  "My go-to for summer office dressing is often a short sleeve blouse teamed with pants or culottes, so I'm definitely stocking up on shirts like this one for the summer. The bright yellow and pink flowers of this design feel especially warm weather-appropriate." —Nikki Ogunnaike, Style Director "If I could wear fur all year round I would, but since spring has finally sprung (and summer is right around the corner) I’ll settle for a little fluff at the cuff. As a girl who dreams of getting back into bed as soon as she steps outside her house, there’s nothing better than wearing a butter soft pajama set outdoors that’s as cozy as your butter soft silk sheets."— Nerisha Penrose, Editorial Assistant  "I’ve been Goldilocks-ing for a work-appropriate floral dress for a while now. I’ve tried on what feels like hundreds and they’re all either too bright, too busy, or too juvenile. This one with its muted palette, sophisticated silhouette, and vintage vibe seems just right."— Katie Connor, Digital Director "Summer work footwear is the hardest thing to find—you want to be naked as hell to battle those high temps, but you still have to dress it up enough to be proper (and get to those happy hours after hours). I plan to wrap my feet in gold so that nobody will notice I’m generally trying to wear as little as possible."— Estelle Tang, Senior Culture Editor "I've decided that all I want to wear to work this summer are midi skirts. They're long enough that I never have to worry about an unexpected gust of wind, they work with pretty much any shoe, and they're almost always office appropriate. This one in bright red makes me happy every time I look at it."— Madison Feller, Staff Writer "Besides a By Far bag, I've added all of the earrings from Net-A-Porter's sale to my shopping cart. I tend to rely on accessories during summer office hours, because I can't add anything that adds...sweat to my outfit. Thus, jewelry and bags. This Valentino pair is something I could easily wear on the daily, but the centered post makes them way more interesting than your average hoops."— Justine Carreon, Market Editor “I’m a sucker for bows and a big believer in having one nice, ladylike dress for special occasions. The nice thing about this red dress is that it’s season-neutral and relatively event versatile: the rich red is good for fall, spring, summer and even a fancy Valentine’s Day date, while the silhouette is appropriate for a cocktail or a daytime wedding with the right accessories. The bows on the sleeves give dress a girly flair that’s grown up and not too outlandish. They’re what set this dress apart. I’m not the type who could ever afford to pay the full $425 for this dress. But half off? I’ll take it as a special treat.”— Alyssa Bailey, News Editor "In all honesty, who doesn't love a great jumpsuit? This one from Madewell checks off my two major boxes by being comfortable and breathable thanks to the blend of cotton and linen. Since it's literally one piece, I hardly have to give my outfit any thought, which is perfect for when I want to spend less time getting dressed and more time getting out the house."— Starr Bowenbank, Editorial Fellow "For this purchase, I consulted ELLE.com assistant editor and resident hypebeast Nerisha Penrose, who recommended the Nike Airmax 97s for its classic design and different color ways. I went with white and metallic gold (extra, why not?) which will pair nicely with summer dresses,"— Ariana Yaptangco, Social Media Editor
 The ritziest week of red carpet premieres has begun. The Cannes Film Festival has kicked off in France, and celebrities have dressed to the nines for the daily premieres of films. Here, the most breathtaking gowns, sharpest tuxedos, and prettiest column gowns stars like Selena Gomez, Elle Fanning, and more have worn on the carpet. At the premiere of Sibyl on May 24, 2019. At the premiere of Sibyl on May 24, 2019. At the premiere of Sibyl on May 24, 2019. At the premiere of Sibyl on May 24, 2019. At the premiere of The Traitor on May 23, 2019. At the premiere of The Traitor on May 23, 2019. At the Oh Mercy! (Roubaix, une Lumiere) premiere on May 22, 2019. At the Oh Mercy! (Roubaix, une Lumiere) premiere on May 22, 2019. At the Oh Mercy! (Roubaix, une Lumiere) premiere on May 22, 2019. In Christian Louboutin shoes at the Oh Mercy! (Roubaix, une Lumiere) premiere on May 22, 2019. At the Oh Mercy! (Roubaix, une Lumiere) premiere on May 22, 2019. In Dior and Chopard jewelry at the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  In Chanel Couture at the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  In Georges Hobeika Couture with Vintage Boucheron jewelry at the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  In Armani and Chopard jewelry at the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  At the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  In Vivienne Westwood Couture at the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019. At the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  At the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  In De Grisogono jewelry at the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  In Casadei shoes at the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  At the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019. At the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiere on May 21, 2019.  At the screening for La Belle Epoque on May 20, 2019. At the screening for La Belle Epoque on May 20, 2019. At the screening for La Belle Epoque on May 20, 2019. At the screening for La Belle Epoque on May 20, 2019. At the screening for La Belle Epoque on May 20, 2019. At the screening for La Belle Epoque on May 20, 2019. In Ralph & Russo at the screening for La Belle Epoque on May 20, 2019.
 If you haven't heard of By Far yet, you've definitely seen it. The sisters behind the Bulgarian brand, Valentina, Sabina and Denitsa Bumbarova, pull inspiration from everywhere and the retro-inspired accessories brand is a token in every cool girl’s style. Their croc-embossed bags are slung under the arms of the Hadid sisters; On-trend strappy sandals were recently worn by Priyanka Chopra on vacation; The legendary Glenn Close is a fan of their boots. But there is one it-bag that's crawling all over our feeds: a '90s-inspired pouchette, aptly named 'The Rachel' after Jennifer Anniston's character on Friends. The easy style is something you could wear every day, and today, it's on sale for 50 percent off. Shop that one, along with our edit of By Far's best marked-down bags, courtesy of Net-A-Porter's sale, here. 
 It's been a decade since Simon Porte Jacquemus launched his namesake label, which has become known for its Instagrammable, pint-size Le Chiquito bag beloved by Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Priyanka Chopra and more. To celebrate 10 years in the game, fashion's very pretty boy wonder is heading back to the South of France to stage Jacquemus' first-ever co-ed runway show June 24.   Simon, who made his menswear debut in 2018, will return to his stomping grounds of Provence, France—where he grew up—to debut his latest menswear and womenswear designs. The brand announced its 10-year celebration with a photo of the team lying down on the ground in the shape of a heart, writing, The JACQUEMUS team last week in Paris. '10 years of Love, 10 years of Poetry, 10 years of Independence,  10  years of Family, 10 years of Beliefs, 10 years of Sharing, 10 years of Freedom,  10 years of Smiles, With you, thank you."  The JACQUEMUS team last week in Paris. “ 10 years of Love, 10 years of Poetry, 10 years of Independence,  10  years of Family, 10 years of Beliefs, 10 years of Sharing, 10 years of Freedom,  10 years of Smiles,  With you, thank you”  Simon JACQUEMUS is happy to announce the celebration of the House’s 10-Year anniversary. The Spring-Summer 2020 show will be taking place on Monday, June 24th in Provence, South of France. On this occasion, womenswear and menswear will be walking down the catwalk hand in hand. A post shared by  JACQUEMUS (@jacquemus) on May 20, 2019 at 9:04am PDT “I was sure that we should mark it (the anniversary), because it’s part of the history of the brand and my personal story,” the designer told WWD. “I started at 19, I’m 29 now. How do I feel? Pretty good. It’s weird. It’s a lot of things. But I think this is going to be a new start for us.” Earlier this year, Jacquemus presented its fall/winter 2019 collection, featuring an even smaller version of the Le Chiquito that looks like it hold one stick of gum. The collection also featured sharp suiting and breezy summer dresses and skirts in summer brights and autumn neutrals. 
 "The pull straps on either end make them look like a wallaby," my boyfriend said about his new Blundstone boots. Call them what you want, they are now his favorite pair of shoes—and he stole them from me.   That's right, as soon as he noticed my boots he secretly bought a pair and started telling all his friends to buy them too. Founded in 1870, the rugged brand was originally intended for Crocodile Dundee types—they are based in Tasmania after all—but lately, they are creeping up on everyone's feet. Wearers rave about their sleek silhouette, comfy sole, and last-for-a-lifetime quality. But their number one standout feature is that you don't need to break them in.   Want to win your own pair of @blundstone boots? We've got 1 pair to give away for the next 3 weeks! To enter: Simply follow us and @blundstone, tag a mate in the comments below and make sure they're following both profiles too.  #win #blundstones #generalpants #competition A post shared by  General Pants Co. (@general_pants) on Jun 22, 2018 at 3:45am PDT "A couple of years ago, I noticed a ceramicist friend sporting a pair of Blundstones—I’d know the sturdy, Chelsea-style leather boot, with its distinctive pull tabs at front and back, anywhere," says ELLE.com's culture editor and resident Aussie, Estelle Tang. Detailing their stateside invasion, she continued: "Streaked with clay and worn with regular wear and tear, they looked so hardy and unpretentious. Then I noticed a stylist friend wearing them, too. 'They’re so comfortable, and I’m on my feet all the time at work,' she said. Then, a couple of guys at a party had selected them as casual evening footwear. I hadn’t noticed much of a publicity push on the brand’s behalf—it just seemed that all my American friends had discovered Blunnies (yes, that’s what we call them) on their own."  It would seem literally every attractive celebrity: Brad Pitt, Ellen Page, and Chris Evans have all been seen wearing their boots. But it doesn't stop there. Fashion designer Sandy Liang is a fan, too: She styled her Fall 2018 collection with the boots, merging Blundstones with her Lower East Side aesthetic.   Dunzo A post shared by  Sandy Liang (@sandyliang) on Feb 8, 2018 at 12:47pm PST  What’s your style? A post shared by  Blundstone USA (@blundstoneusa) on Mar 6, 2018 at 12:11pm PST Ready to join the pack? Shop them today. 
 In the words of Marilyn Monroe, "I don't know who invented high heels, but women owe him a lot."  An instant pick-me-up for any outfit, imbuing their wearer with confidence and giving her a figure-flattering boost, high heels have been an integral component of every woman's wardrobe for centuries. Click through to see how the shoe has evolved over the years.  The earliest instances of heeled shoes date back as far as the Egyptians, but the look really picked up steam during the 16th Century. Towering platforms called 'chopines' are thought to have originated with prostitutes in Venice for the added sex appeal the extra height offered, but soon became popular amongst aristocrats for their ability to keep clothes from dragging in the filth that covered the streets.  Though heels today are wore almost exclusively by women, the style was popular among men throughout the 1600s and 1700s. French royalty in particular, like Louis XIV (left) and Marquise de Pompadour (right), were fans of the heeled shoe as it conveyed that the wearer had no use for practical footwear, or the need to walk easily.  By Victorian times and into the early 20th century, heeled boots were the primary choice among elegant ladies. They often featured exposed buttoned closures—not that they were often seen beneath the long full skirts of the era.  With the raised hemlines of the Roaring Twenties, shoes were now on display. Look at this stylish lady showing off her trendy buckle shoes.  Decorative garters help when shoe styles are simple.  As hemlines stayed above ground, thoughtful details like cut-outs were used to make sturdy leather pumps more interesting. This lady takes things to fancier territory with her shiny satin heels.  ...while this lady is all about the brocade.  Ever wonder where Taylor Swift's love of T-straps originated from? These practical pumps are Exhibit A. Attempts were made to improve the T-strap style by making it in delicate satins for evening rather than clunky leathers. Now we're getting a little better. These cap-toe T-straps have an extra glam touch.  More vintage shoes that Taylor Swift would probably wear today.  Finally, a rare moment of height! Perhaps women were feeling bold in 1929—until the market crash, that is.  1930 was a fairly frumpy year for footwear.  Thank goodness for the golden era of Hollywood and its stunning starlets–like Jean Harlow– who inspired a more glamorous wave of heels.  Casual.  Bette Davis knew the power of a basic black pump.  Now this is our kind of woman. Check out that collection! More low heels and cut-outs and sitting on random tables.  Summertime shoes in 1936 were way chicer than the flip-flops worn poolside today.  Pumps galore.  Ferragamo created his iconic rainbow platform in 1938 for actress Judy Garland.  While the platform may have shot to popularity during the '70s, the late 1930s was when they first came onto the shoe scene.  Replacing the pumps of the 1930s, wedges became a mainstay of women's shoe collections in the '40s.  And thanks to the rise in sky-high wedges, pumps gained a little bit of height and a chunkier sole and heel.  Shoe styles started lightening up in the 40s, when cut-outs turned into the first renditions of the strappy sandal.  Bow details and a revealing vamp give black pumps a distinctly feminine flair.  These ruffled satin slides take boudoir lounging to the next level.  One of the most unique shoe styles we've seen thus far–Ginger Rogers' wedges have no mid-sole!  Ruffle-front d'Orsay pumps pave the way for some of the 1950s styles.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 Tan France may be the resident fashion guru on Netflix's Queer Eye, but soon he will be lending his expert advice to a new group of hopefuls—18 to be exact. France and Alexa Chung are set to host a new unscripted, 10 epiosde fashion competition series (think Project Runway meets...Tan France) on Netflix titled Next in Fashion.  On the show 18 aspiring designers will compete in a series of fashion challenges and activities that focus on "a different trend or design style that has influenced the way the entire world dresses," according to The Hollywood Reporter. Compared to other fashion competition shows, Next In Fashion's 18 designers are no amateurs and have already worked with major brands and celebrities. At the end of the competition, the winner will be awarded $250,000 to jumpstart their own fashion career and possibly get the chance to collaborate with retail behemoth Net-a-Porter.    Co-hosts Tan France and Alexa Chung. A post shared by  Next In Fashion (@nextinfashion) on May 17, 2019 at 7:38am PDT  Joining France and Chung are stylist and fashion editor Elizabeth Stewart—who is responsible for styling Hollywood faves Julia Roberts, Gal Gadot, Jessica Chastain and more— and Eva Chen, director of fashion partnerships at Instagram, who will be guest judges, along with several other names to be announced. Robin Ashbrook and Yasmin Shackleton will be executive producing Next in Fashion. Netflix has yet to announce an official release date for the series but we can still see France in Queer Eye, streaming now on Netflix. 
 Whoever thinks the idea of “love at first sight” only refers to romantic encounters, probably hasn't walked past a sneaker store and locked eyes with a particular shoe (or scrolled through the GOAT app because...technology). Sneakers have the power to leave you and the individuals you pass every day entranced. What the youths like to call “sauce,” “heat” or, dear I say it, “drip,” is what keeps you falling in love with shoes over and over again.  With the halfway point of the year inching closer, it's a great time to reflect on all the "heat" brands have released since the beginning of the year—from the refreshed staples to high-fashion collaborations and nostalgic silhouettes that remind us of all of our teen angst. And who better to breakdown the year's hottest drops than the stylish ladies of Instagram who make these sneakers look even better? Ahead, 13 women on the hottest sneaker releases of the year.  "Neon colors have been huge lately, but personally, I  have always been a fan. I wanted a shoe to match with the neon pieces I have in my wardrobe and when I saw these, I knew they’d be perfect. I absolutely love the buckle detail that replaces the laces because it makes it super easy to slip on and off. Nike also adds to the utility/tactical trend that has been quite popular in streetwear along with Alyx and A-Cold-Wall*." "I love this sneaker silhouette because of the design and the fact that it's sustainable (more than 75 percent of the materials are made of recycled production waste). It comes in all kinds of different colorways, which drop all the time, and it’s the tallest Air Max to date, which suits the chunky trainer trend which I adore." "Buffalo Londons have to be my favorite sneaker of the year, if not my favorite sneakers of all time! They’re iconic, casual, comfy, and a nice subtle flex! Everyone wants a pair." "The Gucci Rhyton's are now my everyday shoe. They're a subtle flex because the shape is a chunkier version of a '90s dad sneaker and I also love the beige color. Plus, it looks worn and vintage." "The Yeezy Static’s are the ultimate dad shoe and are perfect for everyday wear. I love how innovative they look and it coordinates with my retro style perfectly. Versatility is key in my wardrobe and these sneakers hit the nail on the head." "To me the Yeezy 500 is a very versatile shoe because it combines old and new school. I think it's one of the best sneakers in the game because you can wear the shoe with almost everything."  "I saw this sneaker previewed in the Sacai SS19 show and fell in love and couldn’t wait for the release! The style of Sacai combined with the ‘Nike tick’ adds that extra drip."   "The Pine Green 1s are comfortable and great to style with pieces, especially cozy, baggy outfits. I love the different colorways you can choose from and I love that you can customize them."  "The Air Max Tailwind dropped 20 years ago and they finally came back out again this year. I absolutely love me a classic pair of sneakers so I was so happy because I would finally be able to get a pair." "These classics are a staple piece in my shoe collection, I love all the different colors that they come in and they literally go with every outfit." "Aleali May being the first woman to design a Jordan 1 that came in both men's and women's sizing was a great accomplishment for women in design. It also shows how footwear has become more accessible across gender because it’s no longer just about giving girls the pink version of a shoe. Now, we get to shape what is cool." "These are the first pair of black sneakers I’ve ever owned and I can’t even tell you how many times I’ve worn them. I love the chunky sole of the Angel sneakers and it’s very representative of the chunky sneaker trend that’s been going around. As I mostly wear wide pants, when I pair them with the Eytys it makes for a really cool silhouette. Even though I find them extremely comfy, a few friends have commented on how heavy they are but that’s great because now they can double as a defense weapon." "Oh my God, a sneaker that’s not from Nike?? But yes the Intruder is one of my favorites. Since I’m a '90s girl, I was excited to see that Cat Footwear made a comeback. The shoe is comfortable, chunky and I really like the workwear design. Since I’ve been obsessed with baby blue this spring, of course had to get the blue fog colorway." "I’ve worn them so many times and they go with everything. They’re super cute."  "My fave drop this year has to be the Nike x Sacai collaboration that’s releasing May 30th. They’re the perfect summer kicks: they’re colorful, and they look super cozy. You can dress them anyway you want really and that’s what I love about them." "I’m a big fan of an old sneaker style reinvented and the Adidas Nite Jogger is exactly that. It’s based on a model from the '80s and has the same reflective stripes it was famous for. It’s a super lightweight shoe so feels comfortable all day but still bangs on trend. It’s really affordable too which gives it a big yes from me."
 Bella Hadid, Cannes queen of the high leg slit, returned to the film festival's red carpet in her staple look for the premiere of Pedro Almodóvar's film Pain and Glory. Hadid wore a silky red floor-length halter gown with a thigh-high leg slit, cutouts, and ruching. Her hair was styled in an exquisite bun, with her golden brown hair color curling out in tendrils. The model accessorized with brown satin high-heeled sandals, ruby dangle earrings, and a diamond bracelet. The gown is similar to the iconic red leg slit dress Hadid wore during the 2017 Cannes Film Festival, which was designed by Alexandre Vauthier.  This is Hadid’s second red carpet appearance at the festival. The model was also out last night for the premiere of Rocketman, to which she wore a semi-sheer white tiered gown by Dior Haute Couture. She wore her hair up in a bun then too.  Hadid walked tonight’s red carpet solo, but she does have some significant history with her boyfriend The Weeknd at the French film festival. Hadid and The Weeknd sparked reconciliation rumors last year when they were photographed kissing at a Cannes party. The two had broken up in November 2016 and would go on to make their relationship official again later in the summer. In October, Hadid moved in with The Weeknd, into his Tribeca apartment in New York City. And in November, Us Weekly reported that a “proposal was on the horizon” for the couple, who were “madly in love” with each other.
 Heels you can wear to the office, happy hour, and beyond.  The word “comfortable” likely isn’t the first you associate with heels. Sexy? Absolutely. Chic? Of course. Walkable for miles? Not so much. Regardless, whether it’s a sky-high stiletto, classic pump, minimal mule, or teensy kitten heel we can't deny our love for heels. And even if you are willing to sacrifice comfort for style, with these there’s no need. Ahead, shop our edit of comfortable heels that won’t leave you hobbling in regret.  This podiatrist-founded shoe line masterfully merges style and comfort.   Wear these sling backs for any important meeting you may have.  In soft suede, this slip-on mule is cut with feminine curves to hug the foot for lasting comfort. The ultimate wear-everywhere heeled sandals, updated with swirly straps for a modern feel. This writer lasted an entire day of shows during Milan Fashion Week wearing these beauties. Quintessentially summer, this woven mule comes with a stacked wooden heel you can truly last in. The suede material of this sculptural thong sandal feels so soft and comfy. Yes it has a pointy toe,  but this snake-embossed mule comes with a very walkable heel. A sturdy heel makes sky-high sandals feel much more supportive. Give trendy sculptural heels a try and choose this low-heeled slide with a so-now square toe. The dream team in shoe form: A thick platform, chunky heel, and secure wrap-around ankle straps.  Featuring a high-cut vamp and a manageable 2.1-inch heel this shoe will instantly become your go-to party pick.  In graphic black and white, a sculpted low heel mule feels fresh and modern. Wedges are the ultimate in comfort and this playful pair feels decidedly fresh for warm-weather occasions.  Barely there sandals are back, and this tan pair features slightly wider straps that won’t dig. A bolder take on the block heel, this unexpected triangular-shaped sandal is as eye-catching as it is comfy. Behold: The elevated version of your most comfortable flip-flops. If you've wanted to try the sandals with socks trend, start with these.  With a shock absorbing foam foot bed, you can count on these blue suede mules to last from 9am to 5pm and beyond. If you're more of stiletto type this ultra-feminine pump is crafted from soft patent leather with a supportive Y-shaped heel Prefer a closed-toe shoe during the summer? Go with this pair of loafers. Delicate ankle straps balance the sturdiness of this retro block heel. Crisscross straps and a polished gold ring give this versatile stacked sandal an elevated twist.
 Gucci is under fire again after selling a blue turban on Nordstrom for $790, one that was first shown at Gucci's fall 2018 show. Understandably so, the Gucci Indy Turban didn't sit well with many people, including Twitter user, @SinghLions, who called out the brand for allowing white models to wear the traditional headpiece.   Dear @gucci, the Sikh Turban is not a hot new accessory for white models but an article of faith for practising Sikhs. Your models have used Turbans as ‘hats’ whereas practising Sikhs tie them neatly fold-by-fold. Using fake Sikhs/Turbans is worse than selling fake Gucci products pic.twitter.com/sOaKgNmgwR  "Dear @gucci, the Sikh Turban is not a hot new accessory for white models but an article of faith for practising Sikhs," he wrote in his caption. "Your models have used Turbans as ‘hats’ whereas practising Sikhs tie them neatly fold-by-fold. Using fake Sikhs/Turbans is worse than selling fake Gucci products." Added the Sikh Coalition, a New York-based civil rights organization:  "The turban is not just an accessory to monetize; it's a religious article of faith that millions of Sikhs view as sacred. Many find this cultural appropriation inappropriate, since those wearing the turban just for fashion will not appreciate its deep religious significance." The turban is not just an accessory to monetize; it's a religious article of faith that millions of Sikhs view as sacred. Many find this cultural appropriation inappropriate, since those wearing the turban just for fashion will not appreciate its deep religious significance. pic.twitter.com/fldmxa3Wvr Back in February, Gucci faced criticism for selling a black balaclava sweater that looked similar to blackface imagery and apologized for its mistake. The following month the brand launched the Gucci Changemakers program, an initiative designed to "support industry change and to foster unity through community action." Said the brand at the time, "We are fully committed to increasing diversity throughout our organization and turning this incident into a powerful learning moment for the Gucci team and beyond." 
 While there are an infinite number of ways to wear a scarf (trust me, I've tried them all), one easy-to-wear look is going to dominate your Instagram feed this summer. Forget Dad style, I'm ready for Grandma style, starting with my scarves. Many of our faves have tied their scarf in this way: Queen Elizabeth is known to dabble in this while countryside, Rihanna has done it—hell even A$AP Rocky wore it like this on a red carpet. But to be completely honesty, the real reason it's piquing my interest is because we're not talking enough about head sweat.  As someone who suffers from mild to serious head sweat, summer heat gives me that Kardashian wet look, but less Kardashian, and more exasperated and down right soaked. There's no escaping top-heavy perspiration. While I have learned to to live with it, I find that a silk scarf is an easy solution. Unlike hats, wearing the grandma scarf doesn't soak up the sweat. It redirects the sunlight and creates a wind tunnel that helps aerate my temperamental topper. Beyond treating head sweat, this retro look is cute. It will make you feel like you're driving to your summer home in a 1950s convertible. We suggest the standard 36"x36" size, and 100% silk only. Synthetic fabrics will feel like you're trapped in a plastic bag. Tie your scarf two different ways: under your chin like a sweet grandma/ A$AP Rocky, or at the nape of your neck, which was all over the Kate Spade New York runway. And don't forget sunglasses to top off the look. 
 A next level way to say job well done.   These days, #treatyoself applies more to getting an extra topping on froyo than spending serious money on an investment piece. But if your grad has continuously knocked it out of the park all these years, why not give them something a little more? One of these fancy finds should do the trick. With up to 14.5 hours of battery life, a new grad can start any passion project while leaving time for a Netflix binge. The search for the perfect black tote is over. Plus, part of the proceeds benefit Every Mother Counts. For the graduate who is moving into a new home or just needs some help with relaxation, create a personalized set of two classic Diptyque luxury candles in a gift box. What says "I have my life together" more than a super comfy, beautiful set of bedsheets?  We hope they're growing out of the phase where they collect all their empty liquor bottles on their kitchen shelves—but if not, this is something they can proudly showcase before and after they enjoy it. Any of the 30 products from Aman's new skincare line make someone feel like they're lounging one of their luxury resort's spas. Tell your grad how unique they are with a one of a kind piece from Doyle and Doyle—far from basic and the perfect amount of extra. Whether they're walking into an interview or around the office, they'll look work ready with this leather organizer. There's nothing more luxurious than a matching silk pajama set.  The name says it all, right?
 As far as we’re concerned Memorial Day Weekend is the kickoff to Nice for What Season: The unofficial start to Summer, a glorious season where worries are low and BBQs, day parties, and long weekends with friends reign supreme. Looking for outfit ideas that will help you kick off the season in style? We’ve found 15 genius options that will make getting dressed for this holiday (plus all the warm weather days to follow) a breeze. A white dress is a summer staple. Paired with lace up sandals and a straw hat, this outfit will never go out of style.  If you're heading poolside for Memorial day weekend, try a matchy-matchy look with your bathing suit. If you think the graphic print is too loud, tone it down with simple slides.  Tie dye is everywhere this season, but give it a shot in denim. Ganni's bleached jeans are perfect, and work well with fun summer trends like metallic knits, hiking sandals, and lime green bags.   We have yet to meet a jumpsuit we don't love, and this bubble-gum pink number is no exception. Style it with complimentary colors like lilac and raspberry for an outfit you'll rewear all summer long.  A crochet mini dress is a super cute option for showing off your bathing suit, while not showing off too much skin. We love how this is styled with textured accessories, like a fun basket bag and woven wedges.  Forget the milkmaid dress, it's all about the poet top. This vintage blouse is going to be huge this summer, and works well with retro finds like checkered trousers and acrylic bags.  A satin skirt may seem a bit dressy for a casual Memorial Day, but you can tone it down with a plain white T and strappy flats.  This season swap out your daisy dukes for Bermuda shorts. These knee-length denim shorts work well with almost everything, but they look surprisingly chic with a camel-colored blazer and a ribbed tank.  We could own every floral dress in existence, and still need a new one. The smocked bodice on this style is a sweet detail, and works well with feminine accessories like lace-up espadrilles.  This is a shirtdress that can be worn from the boardroom to a BBQ on a Summer Friday. Make it work for the weekend with a straw tote and summer clogs.  Cher Horowitz' iconic yellow plaid suit will always tempt us, so we love this laid back rendition. Make the two-piece holiday ready with a white tank and Converses.  It's MDW, which means you can finally wear white again (according to the outdated tradition). Make it classic with a matching denim set and luxurious, brown leather accessories.  FYI, this dress and shoes combo costs less than $100. Bless you, Tar-jay.  Sequin pants may not scream "Memorial Day Weekend," but this fun color combo does. Clash metallic pink with a lime green hoodie and pool slides for an outfit everyone will compliment you on (or at the very least, notice). Still undecided on biker shorts? Now's the time to test the waters— just add classics like a white button down and cute white heels. 
 Needless to say, getting dressed for work during the summer is not the easiest thing to do. You want to wear something that's going to keep you cool during your commute, warm in your freezing office, plus take you from your desk to al fresco drinks—all while sticking to an office dress code. To help, we asked 18 women in various fields share what they often wear once the temperature starts to rise. Here's what they had to say.  “I love color for the summer. My go-to office piece is a dress, worn with flat sandals—I’ll change into high heels for the evening to dress it up.  Another work outfit formula I revert to a lot during warm weather is a white, black, or blue button-down shirt with an embellished skirt. If I’m going straight from the office to a dinner, I might switch out the shirt to something dressier—like a silk blouse—or add a jacket. This summer, I’m also looking forward to accessorizing with some fun, colorful pieces.”   "Whatever I leave the house in at 8am needs to be able to get me through a one-mile walk pushing a stroller to school drop-off, Nadia Zaki’s yoga class at Equinox and a full day of meetings—usually with outside brands since I run partnerships for Equinox and am often pitching our Furthermore Media business. I have to always be meeting-ready. My go-tos are these Koral lustrous leggings with this Nike sports bra that’s low cut enough it can function like an actual bra. I layer a loose silk dress over it (like this one from L’agence) so it doesn’t wrinkle in my bag (which gets shoved underneath my daughter’s feet in the stroller of course), then I lose the leggings post workout, and I’m ready to go. God bless the person who started the sneakers and dresses trend as it has been my salvation. These APL leopard kicks work for the first part of my day and then I’ll change into heels. I leave these Loeffler Randall and Alexander Wang cork sandals (they are the best heels EVER) in my office for quick changes. The most crucial piece of this puzzle though is my Living Proof dry shampoo. I don’t even know how I survived before I found it."  "My go-to pieces this year are all from my book tour: my gold necklace, this amazing jacket that my 16-year niece made me (@mayah.clothing!), or my bright red Lingua Franca sweater that all say "Brave Not Perfect." For me, it's not just a book, it's a mantra and a lifestyle. I usually pair all of the above with some dope Nike sneakers on my feet—and a pair of backup heels in my purse, in case I'm giving a speech or going to a big meeting! This summer, I'll also be wearing a ton of floral dresses, super comfy rompers, and my Gucci slides. Always my Gucci slides."  "Nothing has fed my style soul more than working in tech. I’m a jeans and t-shirt kind of gal (OAK’s basic tee, Topshop’s Jamie jean, and a classic Keds sneaker are my go-to) at heart, but when I stepped into my role heading up Investor Relations at Fair, I had to put my corporate attire back on. I leaned heavily into essential colors like black and white (Audrey Hepburn style), pairing my jeans and t-shirts with an oversized blazer, a sexy kitten heel, and chunky hoop earrings for an extra pop. For more formal occasions, I love a good power suit–wearing a simple body suit underneath, you can dress it up for your meetings and then take off the blazer for happy hour or dinner.  And my newest obsession: watches! There’s nothing quite like a strong power stance and a vintage Cartier (from The RealReal) on your wrist to say, “let’s cut a deal”! “Being a New Yorker has definitely affected the way I dress. I’m all about sneakers, flats, and easy shoes. For Summer, I love the idea of a two-piece tailored suit paired with a graphic T-shirt and sport sandals. It’s the perfect balance of professional and stylish– especially when going from my kids school functions straight to market appointments! Another pro tip: plan the night before. Stick to your go-tos and add on from there to make sure it’s both fashion-forward and functional.” "With my style, I like to strike a balance between fashion statements and simplicity, or what I like to call “tech cool”. California summers are known for warm days and cool nights (and offices), so in the morning I lean towards a power jumpsuit, colored trousers, or fitted skinny jeans. Layers help me add a little flare and give me versatility for summer night events—jean shirts, kimonos, and comfy blazers over a statement blouse are my staples. As for shoes, I like to keep it comfy and chic, like these black Steve Madden booties, Nike Mayfly, or Dr. Martens boots. They are essential for my very active work environment where I am constantly at the whiteboard brainstorming new app ideas. I typically finish my looks off with an ear cuff studded earrings and bold necklace, because nothing says “let’s talk business” like a subtle floss." "Comfort is my number one concern. If I am uncomfortable (reader, envision too high of heels, too narrow of shoes or any version of a Spanx on my body,) my meeting and my day will be short lived because I will make up an excuse to go change. That being said, I am not showing up to meetings in my PJs. So I consider the details. Right now I am gravitating towards a headband and a blazer. I can wear them with jeans or over a dress or a skirt and they pull together the look while showing off my personality." "This summer I'm loving the tartans that came through on the recent runways, so my favorite wardrobe piece has to be this vintage Comme des Garcons skirt. I team it with a pretty white ruffle top from Fame and Partners's new daywear launch, Proenza Schouler shoes, and giant black beaded hoops by Celine. Now is the time to experiment by mishmashing unexpected colors, prints, or style details." "I find myself wearing a lot of long printed silk, chiffon, and cotton dresses to work during the summer as they're so versatile and comfortable. In this photo, I'm actually wearing a Marni silk printed matching blouse and skirt, which is one of my go-to summer outfits and serves the same purpose as all my summer dresses. I've had the skirt for years, and discovered the matching blouse on Vestiaire Collective at the beginning of last year.  It's important to me that I look smart when I'm working with clients, and I also want to make sure that what I'm wearing allows me to rush around the city between different client's offices without overheating or ending up looking disheveled. I keep footwear simple and comfortable too. Last year, I wore these green suede sandals by Mansur Gavriel nearly everyday. If I have a meeting or event where I need to wear heels, I can have these in my bag and throw them on with my dress. It's really important to keep summer outfits totally easy and effortless so you can look and feel good all day."  "For summer, I like outfits that work for day and night. You can dress the outfit down with flats or sandals and in the evening, throw on a pair of va va voom sandals and you're ready to go. I also believe in always having a jacket that goes with everything for when the AC in the Fitz office is on high." "My go-to piece in the summer is a long sleeve silk top, generally paired with jeans. It's easy, feminine, and I know I can always throw it on and look put together. Plus, it works perfectly day to night, especially in L.A."  "I love a dress or a jumpsuit that is comfortable and seamlessly takes me from running around or at meetings during the day to evenings at either Tutto il Giorno Tribeca or Southampton.  I usually stick with neutrals and still wear black all summer, but might mix it up with a light blue or beige. Of course I often wear something from Urban Zen designed by my mom, Donna Karan." "During the summer, I tend to stick to some wardrobe staples like a black dress such as J.W. Anderson's midi that is made from a fluid lightweight fabric and offers sleeves that are demure enough for the office environment. I style it slightly bohemian with a long gold necklace, a flat or heeled sandal and my Chloe alphabet rings. If you are happy to show a little leg and are able to dress slightly casual in your work environment, then this Balenciaga skirt looks super directional with a simple white t-shirt and a Common Projects white trainers. In a more formal working environment, where you may have to wear a tailored look or suit, a simple styling update would be a bright pointed pump. I just bought this red Aquazzura pair that is perfect with a pair of smart trousers."  "There's a famous saying about the surprising temperature of summers in San Francisco: 'The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco.' It's true! Summer averages around 68 degrees and offices are blasting AC inside, which still calls for lightweight denim and a light blouse. This is totally desk to date. Tech is casual, so anything more than this and I'd look out of place. I like to use accessories to dress an outfit up or down, for a presentation, or to meet my husband after work for a date night." "When it's warmer outside I love to wear vibrant color and batik prints. This silk chiffon bow blouse adds a bit of softness to the more structured midi skirt while the embroidered suede bag and mules have a bohemian vibe that feels right for summer." "I always think in terms of jewelry.  I love warm yellow gold in the summer as it both resonates with my complexion as well as any mild tan.  My apparel choices get lighter (but still with at least half sleeves) so I opt for chiffons and silk charmeuse, plus linen pants that couple well with the silk tops.  Jewelry and my hair still dominate over my apparel choices, though." "This summer is all about experimentation, creating untold options for office-appropriate fashions. My personal go-to is a great blouse and skirt combo. I gravitate towards classic stripes which come in all sorts of iterations, and take inspiration from suiting.  In particular I love a crisp poplin, off-the-shoulder blouse from Rosie Assoulin paired with a Dries Van Noten ruffle skirt. I add an easy summer sandal and Loewe novelty bag to complete the look.  In the summer, you want color, print, pattern—your look doesn't have to be so classic. Experiment, but keep it chic! Summer office dressing doesn't mean you should look like you're going to the beach—reserve tank tops, flip-flops, and shorts for leisure activities." "For me, summer work attire means one thing: versatility. Because I'm always on the go, I need clothes that reflect that, and reflect my diverse schedule. An average work week, for example, finds me rocking a lightweight top and white jeans for a meeting one day and a bright-colored dress for a speaking engagement the very next day. This variety is what I love the most about my summer attire; I get to constantly go back and forth between Jordans, flip-flops, and Louboutins, which is incredible!"
 Nothing says "I'm proud of you" like a beautiful, timeless piece of jewelry.  As you book flights (or in my case, a bus) to see sisters, daughters, and girlfriends accept their college diplomas one thing is clear—graduation season is upon us. Celebrating such a stride in someone's life is exciting and momentous, often time warranting a gift that says "I love you and I'm proud"? Luckily, there are a bunch of brands who have an array of accessories to match the occasion, as well as your grad's personality. Here, a few of my favorite picks. An elegant twist on the classic gold hoop, these earrings are handmade in LA.  This classic ring will remind your graduate of her special day forever. The stone can be interchanged with a variety of birthstones, shown here in emerald for #TaurusSeason.  Whether it's their first day on the job, an interview, or meeting a grad school professor, a classically beautiful watch helps make a good first impression.  Each of Pascale Monvoisin's pendants are unique and delivered with a certificate of authenticity so your grad knows you (and the necklace) are legit. The iconic Tiffany blue miniature heart pendant is understated enough for any outfit or occasion.   Sold individually or as a pair, these coordinate with the Sarah Chloe baguette earring jacket or can be worn on their own. They can even be custom ordered in any carat size up to 1ct.  Mejuri markets towards millennials with its low price tag, but women of any age can appreciate the high quality of its pieces. Plus, their diamonds are socially sourced. Jacquie Aiche believes jewelry illuminates a woman's natural beauty and makes every woman look and feel uniquely beautiful. What better time to remind your grad of her inner beauty than at this pivotal point in her life? The pear has long been seen as a symbol of prosperity. Give your grad the gift of good luck as she makes her mark on the world. This ring is perfect for the graduate who wants something unique but high quality.
 After making history in 2018 with host Issa Rae, the CFDA is shaking things up with a new format for its awards show. Today the CFDA announced that Hasan Minhaj and Jessica Williams will present at the upcoming 2019 CFDA Awards forgoing a traditional host format and instead, enlisting an army of voices from various industries, including fashion and entertainment, to present awards to this year's CFDA honorees.  “Hasan and Jessica both have incredibly popular shows that tap into the current state of culture,” Steven Kolb, president and CEO of the CFDA, said in a press release. “We’re excited to have them on stage and look forward to celebrating the best of American fashion.” Hasan and Jessica will present the awards to the womenswear, menswear, accessory, and emerging designer of the year nominees. Jessica is one-half of the popular 2 Dope Queens podcast, which expanded into a HBO series before calling it quits earlier this year. Jessica is set to appear in the Olivia Wilde-directed film Booksmart in theaters on May 24. Hasan hosts his own weekly comedy show Patriot Act on Netflix, in which he uses his comedic background to address current news and happenings in the world. Hasan has already won a Peabody Award for his first Netflix special, Homecoming King, released in 2017. This year's honorees include Jennifer Lopez, who will be awarded the Fashion Icon Award, Eileen Fisher, founder of CR Fashion Book Carine Roitfeld, and more.  For the second year in a row, the CFDA Fashion Awards will be held at the Brooklyn Museum on June 3.
 So you waited until the last minute to do your Father's Day gift shopping? No worries, shopping for the Dads in your life doesn't have to feel like a marathon, especially when you have quick shipping options from some of your favorite brands. Ahead, all of the best gifts the internet (and Amazon) has to offer for last-minute shoppers. Happy Dad. Happy Belly. Happy Me.  Papa wasn't a Rolling Stone, but you can make him feel like a rockstar with the Rolling Stones x Happy Socks collaboration. His texts are hilarious and sometimes, super corny. Keep him charged up with a portable power bank so you never miss a joke.  Bring luxury spa vibes to his home shower with this collection of luscious gels (including one that doubles as a shampoo) and shaving cream. Not your typical "Dad sneaker," for your not-so-typical Dad.  “On the Rocks” tastes so much sweeter from the comfort of your own home. For the handyman in your life. Help Dad step up his suit game with an assortment of ties appropriate for any occasion. Because you can’t stand to see him whip out the ripped up wallet you gave him for Father’s Day 10 year ago. Because he misses him as much as you do.   He only uses about four items, but help him keep those knick-knacks organized for his next getaway. The paint splatter-stained, faded ones he keeps wearing outside of the house have GOT. TO. GO. This Dickies classic is no longer reserved for mechanic shops—Kanye West proved that at the 2019 Met Gala. Where's the lie? He's not the most tech-savvy guy, but that's what Alexa is for. She can make calls, play music, and answer almost any question. 
 The best looks at the Cannes Film Festival aren't only on its evening red carpets. Throughout the week, celebs attend photo calls, events, and just generally walk around town dressed to impress in pastel dresses, light suits, and statement pieces.  Here, the best daytime looks from the festival.  At the Jury photocall. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. At the Cannes Film Festival Jury photocall. At the photocall for A Brother's Love during the Cannes Film Festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. At the photocall for The Dead Don't Die during the Cannes Film Festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival. Out in Cannes during the festival.
 Last August, Burberry got a face lift when its new chief creative officer, Riccardo Tisci, revealed a new brand logo and "TB" monogram print. In a nod to Burberry's founder Thomas Burberry, this print was the first time the luxury house had changed its look in 20 years.   TB @burberry #newera A post shared by  Riccardo Tisci (@riccardotisci17) on Aug 2, 2018 at 3:05am PDT Today, Burberry launches its TB Monogram campaign starring Gigi Hadid, a first for the model after making her Burberry runway debut earlier this year at Tisci's Fall 2019 show. Though Tisci originally unveiled the print in tan and orange, for its debut collection the TB monogram print is cast in a neutral palette of chocolate brown, chestnut brown, beige, with red stripes laid on top of the print.  "It’s a symbol that not only embraces Burberry’s heritage but also feels very contemporary," Tisci said in a statement regarding the brand’s new print. "What I wanted to do with the collection was to celebrate the breadth of who we speak to as a brand." Shot by Nick Knight, Tisci recruited a slew of British talent to collaborate with for the campaign, including stylist Katy England, make-up artist Isamaya Ffrench, hair stylist Gary Gill, and art director Peter Seville, who also designed Burberry's new logo and TB monogram print.   Burberry's new TB Monogram collection will be available for purchase at select Burberry stores globally and online starting on May 22. In the meantime, shop Burberry's other TB pieces below. 
 It's a known fact that Target runs will get you every time. You walk in needing toilet paper, and you walk out having spent half your life's savings on clearance pillowcases, wine, and Arbor Day decorations. (No regrets.)  No one goes to target because they need something. You go to target and let target tell you what you need. The reliable retailer is a safe haven for basics—both home essentials and the people—to live and thrive. So you can't fault them for selling us everything we didn't know we needed, especially on the clothing front.    From the store's in-house collaboration with Who What Wear, this dress is the piece I didn't realize was missing from summer wardrobe...until now. Its billowy, multi-tiered silhouette  looks deceptively expensive. And at just $28, people will think it cost you ten times more than its accessible price tag. It's cute enough for brunch with your mom, but the tented style also looks cool, like you bought it at some hip contemporary store in Berlin. Made of 100 percent cotton, you're less likely to sweat it out in this breathable fabric.  I also love a non-restrictive mini dress: they flatter your figure and elongate your legs, but you can eat a whole pizza and no one would be the wiser. If LBDs aren't your thing, it also comes in a graphic floral print. With all these rave reviews—in addition to over one hundred 4.5 star ratings on Target—we suggest you shop now before it sells out. 
 Thanks to some sartorial inspiration from new-dad Prince Harry, jewelry is officially the gift to give this Father’s Day,  Last week, we noticed that the Duke of Sussex wore a patterned bangle and a beaded bracelet while introducing his 2-day-old son, Archie, alongside Meghan Markle at Windsor Castle. The jewelry peeking out from under his light gray suit was not only chic and appropriate, it was also sentimental: He bought the pieces shortly after Princess Diana died.  Out of all the gifts I’ve given my own dad over the years—personalized M&M'S and a deck of playing cards with his face on them—his all-time favorite was a bracelet. Custom-designed and engraved with my name on it, he proudly wears it every day. It's not only a reminder of how much he means to me, but also a good conversation starter—plus it goes with any outfit. So this Father’s Day, consider giving your dad a bracelet, a ring, a necklace, maybe even earrings! No matter his style, there’s definitely a suitable accessory out there for him. From Santa Fe-based jeweler Peyote Bird, this piece looks very similar to the beaded bracelets Prince Harry wore for the announcement of the birth of his son. Featuring kyanite, labradorite, and sterling silver beads on an elasticated cord, the brand suggests pairing it with a watch or with a cuff.  A Versace shark tooth necklace in a crystal-encrusted gold-tone setting will ensure your dad is the flashiest bum on the beach. It's made in Italy and has a small accent bead with the house's Medusa emblem. So he loves animals? Consider this adorable and meaningful pendant necklace. Jade is a symbol of goodness and beauty, and turtles are known to signify good health and a long life.  Anklets have made a comeback! This cool rope design pairs perfectly with flip flops or sandals for the summer.  This new take on an archival Gucci belt from the 1970s is equal parts elegant and extra. Gucci also has other great ring options, here, with letters, so you can get one with the first letter of your dad's name. For the too-cool-for-school, slightly bro-y pops who knows it. It even comes with a free link-removal tool to adjust the size. For dads who love comic book characters, Batman is the best superhero of them all. Don't at me.  You can get a name, important date, quote, favorite saying, or inside joke put on it.  This piece is unassuming—plus it's customizable on all four sides. It hangs mid-chest, so it can be tucked underneath a shirt for more formal occasions.  For when he wants to feel young again, this design is sleek and contemporary with a punk glam vibe. 
 I pride myself on being a pretty great gift giver. And since I’m an only child so I always go big for my mom. Read on for top 10 picks for the perfect Mother’s Day gift! Let your mom strut around the house like the luxurious queen she is in this silk robe by Slip.  You can never go wrong with a chic candle. These beautifully crafted marble candles are Violet Grey-approved, hand carved, and hand poured. For the modern mom with a green thumb. Get sentimental with Mom and buy her a piece of jewelry with your birthstone from Danielle Jonas new collection. Help Mom help herself with the Google Home Hub with Google Assistant. I got these for my Mom last year and they are her favorite sneakers. I have a pair too and they are legit the most comfortable. Take an errand off Mom’s list and buy her a subscription to Hello Fresh. It's one of the top meal prep services and will help guarantee your fam is eating healthy. This will be mom's favorite: A 24-carat gold plate vibrating T-bar to lift and contour the face. If your mom appreciates a good spread, like I do, she’ll love all of the new pieces from Chrissy Teigen’s line at Target. Give Mom the gift that keeps giving and plant 100 trees in her honor.
 When Givenchy first posted this cryptic Instagram to its account on Thursday, everyone knew what was coming:  CAPTION THIS. THE NEW FACE OF GIVENCHY, REVEALED TOMORROW. #GIVENCHYFAMILY A post shared by  GIVENCHY (@givenchyofficial) on May 9, 2019 at 6:00am PDT The Instagram featured a video of a silhouette of a woman flipping her ponytail with a caption that read, "CAPTION THIS. THE NEW FACE OF GIVENCHY, REVEALED TOMORROW. #GIVENCHYFAMILY" And since we all only know one world-renowned pop star with a ponytail that flippy, the answer was obvious: Ariana Grande. On Friday, it was officially announced that Grande (and her pony) would become the latest face of the House of Givenchy. According to a press release from the brand, Grande was chosen because "she naturally embodies the spirit of the Givenchy woman with impertinence, generosity and a lightning wit—all cloaked in a touch of mystery."   🖤 #arivenchy #GivenchyFamily @givenchyofficial A post shared by  Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on May 10, 2019 at 7:00am PDT  Grande is "so proud" to be the new face of Givenchy. According to the press release, she said, "It is a House I have forever admired and to now be part of that family is such an honor. I love this clothing and the confidence and joy it brings to the people wearing it. Not only is the clothing timeless and beautiful, but I'm proud to work with a brand that makes people feel celebrated for who they are and unapologetic about whatever they want to be." The collaboration already has its own hashtag (#Arivenchy), but the full Givenchy Fall-Winter campaign starring Grande won't be unveiled until July. Until then, let's all just listen to those high notes Grande hits in this #Arivenchy video:  🖤 #arivenchy #GivenchyFamily @givenchyofficial A post shared by  Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on May 10, 2019 at 6:16am PDT Iconic.
 On Monday, Rihanna made the unusual decision to skip the Met Ball, an event that she regularly dominates. On Friday, it was confirmed that she would be creating an original fashion line for LVMH under the Fenty name. The first collection is set to be released for spring 2019–in other words, any day now. Though fans may lament the fact that the mogul hasn't released an album in years, we have to understand that these money moves take time and when Rihanna completes her quest for world domination, all national anthems will be Rihanna songs and we'll have all the new music our hearts desire. According to the New York Times, Rihanna is the first woman to create a brand at LVMH and "the first woman of color at the top of an LVMH maison," thus making official her already massive influence on the fashion world. After a successful partnership with Puma, creating four Fenty x Puma activewear collections, and a later foray into lingerie with Savage x Valentine's, this is a natural next step for Rihanna and for a world that marvels it was able to clothe itself at all before she came along. The Fenty Maison, per a press release, will be "centered on Rihanna, developed by her, and takes shape with her vision." This is a good practice for pretty much everything. "Welcome to my restaurant: it is centered on Rihanna, developed by her, and takes shape with her vision."  "This is my oldest child, they are centered on Rihanna, developed by her, and takes shape with her vision."  "What are my qualifications for this job? I'm centered on Rihanna, developed by her, and take shape with her vision. When do I start?" Bernard Arnault, chairman and CEO of LVMH praised the multi-hyphenate talent in the joint announcement of the project. "Everybody knows Rihanna as a wonderful singer," he said, echoing the opinion of the entire world and all of its inhabitants. "But through our partnership at Fenty Beauty, I discovered a true entrepreneur, a real CEO and a terrific leader. She naturally finds her full place within LVMH. To support Rihanna to start up the Fenty Maison, we have built a talented and multicultural team supported by the Group resources. I am proud that LVMH is leading this venture and wish it will be a great success." The fact that the first collection from Fenty will be unveiled in just a few weeks is a dramatic move signaling the designer's intention and ability to shake up the marketplace. It is also your first and only warning that you should probably go empty your savings account right now to get ready. After all, this is Rihanna's world and everything in it is hers.
 From grills to socks, we covered all the dad gift basics.  Your not a daddy's girl (because that term is icky), but you're not not  a daddy's girl. This Father's Day, show your pops you love him with gifts that make him feel appreciated. Is he obsessed with tacos? There's a pair of socks for that. Moonlights as an amateur grill master? We found one that has over one thousand reviews on Amazon. Shop 18 dad gifts that will make you his favorite daughter, here. Something he loves: tacos and socks.  It's a dad shirt, but for dogs. Everyone wins.  This sweater is the very same one from every dads' favorite movie, Big Lebowski.  Get him moving with this great, entry-level bike.  Yeti's makes the Rolls Royce of coolers. Your dad is going to love it.  Your dad is the only person you know who still uses bar soap. This luxury set is so good, it might even convince you to switch, too.  You're the only person in the world who could convince him to switch to Airpods. Trust us, he'll thank you.  If your dad is a beer afficianado, sign him up for a brew club. This one sends him twelve beers from two U.S. microbreweries each month, so he doesn’t have to leave his couch.  He is the king of puns, but this card gives him a few spare jokes in case he needed more.  Required reading for everyone, including dads. You wouldn't recognize him without his beard, so make sure he takes care of it.  Sneak some color into in his wardrobe with these sutble rainbow sneakers.  With Nike's Apple Watch, he'll be able to keep track of his fitness, and look great while doing it.  With this gift, he'll never have an excuse for losing his keys again.  Your dad is basically Hank Hill. Gift him a grill that will make his steaks—medium rare only—ten times better.  Burberry's iconic plaid print never goes out of style, so he'll be able to use this travel bag forever.  He's incapable of wearing jackets that don't come from sporting goods stores, so you might as well make it a good one.  His business trips are about to get so much chicer. 
 Your new favorite summer sandals are here.  First everyone fell in love with their floral dresses, then their denim, and now, Reformation is launching its first-ever shoe collection—and you're going to want every pair for summer.  From barely-there lace-up sandals to block heel mules and espadrilles, the brand's foray into footwear is filled with all the sandals on your wish-list this season. Ref's debut shoe collection includes 11 styles ranging from $128 to $218 in price. There are some '90s-esque styles like heeled thong sandals and this season's naked sandal trend along with classic summer staples like espadrille wedges.  And much like Reformation's apparel, its shoes are sustainable too. The designs are all made with eco-friendly materials like chrome-free leather and jute—meaning compared to most shoes bought in the U.S., they save an average of 52% CO2 emissions, 70% water, and 65% waste. So if you're looking for a sustainable shoe alternative to replace your fast fashion habit, this is it without breaking the bank.    Reformation revealed shoes have been its number one requested item amongst customers—but footwear isn't the only new product offering its launched this season. Earlier this spring, the eco-conscious brand launched a permanent collection of extended curve sizes ranging from sizes 1x to 3x and 14 to 24. And just before that, it introduced its first collection of (semi) sustainable swimwear including bikinis and one-piece swimsuits. Consider it the summer of Reformation.   
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 Only a brand like Nicolas Ghesquière’s Louis Vuitton could get the fashion set to hop on a bus and head to JFK airport at rush hour. That’s where we found ourselves for last night's 2020 cruise presentation. Held at the newly renovated, Eero Saarinen-designed TWA Flight Center—which is soon to reopen as a hotel—this season’s show and collection explored the joy of leaving one location for another, plus the complicated feelings that one can have upon returning home.  “I was lucky enough to have landed at the TWA Flight Center in the late Nineties,” Nicolas Ghesquière said in a statement. “It was something I could never forget. This place was forgotten for twenty years, and now has come back to life. It’s about rediscovering of an uncommon place that yet is a part of American heritage.” Ghesquière's designs reflected this sentiment. Expertly tailored pinstripe suits and pants felt very ‘80s and ‘90s on Wall Street. Bat wing tops recalled, well, plane wings. Literal, but who doesn’t like a little on-the-nose glamour? Flats, low-heel Mary Janes, and combat boots make for a more comfortable air travel experience, while stirrup pants completed the at-ease but pulled-together look.  On the opposite side of the spectrum, Ghesquière served up some extra-ness required for New Yorkers who are always on display. Satin Bermuda shorts? Bags with with screens that scroll built in? Chandelier earrings plus ornate sequin boleros to match? All in a day’s look for the city that never sleeps. In the end, this collection was a celebration of New York’s many sides: glitz, grunge, glamour, and, of course, getting down to business.
 Camp, by definition, is big, bold, exuberant, extra. In accordance with this year's Met Gala 2019 theme, Rita Ora was gilded in Marc Jacobs gold, and adorned in 280 carats worth of Lorraine Schwartz bling. Count it up. Ora gave us an exclusive look at her Met Gala prep, from her ode to old Hollywood glamour via stencil-thin brows, to the pre-carpet chat with her date for the evening, Kate Moss. "I was so honored to attend the Met Gala with the legendary Marc Jacobs! And how cute that they added this special touch to my custom dress!" "My glam team is the best! Kathy Jeung, my makeup artist, and Brent Lawler, my hair stylist, always slay it!" "Lorraine Schwartz knows diamonds are a girl’s best friend!" "My hot date, Kate Moss!" "We were inspired by 30’s Hollywood glamour for the design of our dresses."
 Taking off live from JFK Airport in New York City. The Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020 show is about to begin. Catch all the action, from start to finish, below.
 ELLE.com has tendency to gush over runway looks that are kind of unpractical (we love the fantasy!), or lust after weird Lizzie McGuire-like sandals. But in reality, these frivolous fashion finds are mere infatuations. Our collective true love is a really good basic. We're obsessed with easy white tees, a simple leather crossbody that can be worn on the daily, or a pair of deceptively normal jeans that lift your butt to the high heavens. That's not to say we'll never invest in a pair of museum-worthy heels, but nothing makes me throw money at my computer faster than a great wardrobe staple. So you can see why my heart skipped a beat when I saw these boring ass, amazing Everlane sandals.  As far as summer sandals go, basics are annoyingly hard to come by without forking a half month's worth of rent. The simplest things are the hardest to design, but Everlane's Day sandals, which drops today, addresses all of our concerns: they are made of sumptuous, double folded  leather that reduces the chance of blistering, the straps are set a little wider and won't pinch your bunions, and its flexible sole will last you on day-full of sightseeing.  Made in a factory in Florence, they are ethically sourced and priced so affordably at $88 a pop, you can put all the money you saved toward a trip to Tuscany.  If the crossover style isn't for you, the San Francisco-based company also launched a slide, which is just as cute. Shop both styles now before the Everlane curse sets in and they sell out! 
 Tyra Banks has reclaimed her Sports Illustrated throne. After being the first African American model to grace the cover of the magazine's annual swimsuit issue back in 1996, the legendary model and America's Next Top Model creator has made her return to the magazine as its cover star 23 years later, absolutely killing it at the age of 45.    #Thankful for your fierce love and support all these years.  #BanX A post shared by  Tyra Banks (@tyrabanks) on May 8, 2019 at 9:54am PDT  During an appearance on Good Morning America, where she revealed the cover, she expressed her excitement saying, “My first one was 23 years ago. How crazy is that? I broke ground [as] the first black woman on the cover.”Looking as stunning as ever in a bright yellow triangle bikini top and bottom, Banks is using her cover to spark confidence in her fans who have been put down due to factors such as age or personal appearance. On Instagram, Banks posted a photo of the cover with a caption that read: "This is for everybody that has been told that they are not good enough because of their body, their age, their everything.#BanX is here to tell you that you ARE friggin’ fierce no matter what anybody says!"  This is for everybody that has been told that they are not good enough because of their body, their age, their everything. #BanX is here to tell you that you ARE friggin’ fierce no matter what anybody says!  Drop mic now! @si_swimsuit 2019 A post shared by  Tyra Banks (@tyrabanks) on May 8, 2019 at 9:54am PDT Banks, who now professionally goes by BanX, is also using her cover to drive home her newest mission—preaching all-inclusive beauty. BanX, she told Good Morning America, stands for "X-cookie cutter beauty. It's about all ages, all sizes, all colors, all everything." To accompany her new mission, Banks is returning to modeling after retiring 2005, 13 years ago. "There is this stereotype that only a 20-year-old woman in a bikini is hot," Banks told Sports Illustrated. "Like once we reach a certain age, we are no longer desirable. But I want to show that modeling has no age. I’m coming out of retirement to practice what I preach." 
 Netflix's Stranger Things is easily one of our favorite TV obsessions and anything that brings us just a bit closer to Hawkins ahead of the upcoming Independence Day release is sure to put the biggest smile on our faces. H&M is kicking off the countdown to season three with a Stranger Things-themed collection starring Hawkins' own, Billy Hargrove (played by Dacre Montgomery), as the face of the campaign.  Set at the sun-soaked fictional Hawkins Community Pool, the campaign features Montgomery posing in an assortment of summer prints and logo-heavy merch, from a tropical short-sleeved button down and matching shorts to red swimming trunks, and a lifeguard tank.  For the ladies there's a red high-cut one-piece to serve Baywatch vibes, a teal and fuchsia colorblock one-piece, sweat-shorts, a cropped tee with an 80s-inspired design, and a floral romper. Red and white Stranger Things statement pool slides, an oversized visor, mesh baseball cap and sunglasses deliver retro vibes to a day in the sun—or, let's face it, an afternoon on the couch binge watching the Netflix hit. When Stranger Things season three arrives on July 4, we'll be introduced to a bevy of new characters and new locations, including Hawkins Community Pool newbie Heather—played by Francesca Reale—who becomes a part of the town's mystery. Stranger Things new season will also focus on the new Starcourt Mall, where Steve (Joe Keery) and Maya Hawke's character will work.  Take a peek at the full H&M x Stranger Things collection before it hits stores on May 23. 
 It’s all about elegance. It's been 36 hours since Cardi B appeared at the Met Gala in essentially a couture vagina, and she's already flashing to another iconic look. This one's lilac and slick, and unlike her Thom Browne couture piece, you can actually buy it starting tonight.  The 'fit comes from her second Fashion Nova collection, which launched online at midnight EST and includes 107 pieces for every Instagram thirst trap imaginable.  Cardi B's press release says the range "is inspired by '80s and '90s influences, balanced with themes of empowerment and rebellion... The collection has an overarching sexiness to create a new urban subculture all its own." But what does the Billboard conquerer say about it herself? We called her to find out... I’m not sure what’s gonna be the biggest hit yet, because everything looks so good! And something I learned from doing the last collection is that everyone has different tastes. But this time around, the clothes are going to be a little more sexy. You’re going to see a lot of skin. A lot of cleavage. But yet it’s so pretty and so elegant. I made sure it was sexy but also beautiful. Are you really? No....  I mean, you don’t have to show skin to be sexy! You can stay covered up, but you have to wear something that’s flattering your body, you know what I’m saying? Sometimes I don’t even show my whole body, and still I know it's a very sexy look. It has to do with flattery and the way you do your face and hair to go with the look. You don’t gotta be sexy by showing everything. You do it by understanding your body shape, and what you want to show off. And make sure you got the right accessories! You gotta commit to the full look. Ehhh... the truth is, heels is always gonna be sexier. They contour your body way better. They make your legs look prettier. They put your butt higher. Heels exist for a reason, you know? You gotta make them a part of your life. I used to always play with my mom's heels when I was younger. I'd put them on and wear them around the house, even when they were huge on me. I'd beg her to buy me pairs of kiddie heels. It's always been my thing. I feel like I tried wearing heels the second I could walk. I think I'll do the same thing my mom did for me—like, she can wear them, but only around the house. That's the rule; the heels stay inside the house.  The first lesson I want her to know is don’t be too extra. Less is more, you know? Elegance takes it all, every time. You can never go wrong with elegance. I want her to learn that the most. Thank you! You know, Thom Browne, my friend told me he’s a Libra. And that's why he's very shy! I really didn't want to interrupt him during [Met Gala fittings] because it was such an intense amount of work, you know? So I'm not sure he knows I have a [Fashion Nova] collection, but he knows my body shape exactly. [Laughing.] They go back to Stefere [jewelers], unless Thom Browne wanted to keep them - I don't know!   No, I had to wear straight-up stripper outfits for it—all of us did! I didn't get to wear anything that nice. But you know, it turned out that I only got to be in the movie for one day of shooting, because my schedule is so crazy overbooked. My life right now? It's crazy. And on the day I shot Hustlers, I performed and then I had to take a flight straight to Iowa. And then tonight, like right after this? I fly to L.A. My body is so tired right now, it can't do anything.   And then it's going to rest for a minute. Shop Cardi B's second Fashion Nova collection at midnight EST tonight. 
 The Met Gala. It always takes place during the first Monday in May. It's always fashion's most-celebrated fête. And this year, it was all about doing the most. Janet Mock — author, activist, and the first trans woman of color to write and direct an episode of television with FX's Pose — attended for the first time, and took the invite as a charge to represent. "My people created it," Mock said of the gala's Camp: Notes on Fashion code. "Everyone else is kind of coming here to put on a show, and I think that for a lot of #queer and #trans people, doing the most is just our everyday." Tune in to see Mock master the most in custom Alberta Ferretti, cite Josephine Baker as her muse, and reveal what it's like to finally get a seat at the table.
 Summer weddings are the best weddings. The weather is perfect, you don't have to worry about your toes getting cold, and July sunsets go hand-in-hand with portrait mode. The only issue is that wedding dress codes can wildly vary. Can you wear a ballgown in the eighty degree weather? Are stilettos appropriate for church? Read on for tips and tricks for getting dressed for a summer wedding, no matter the venue.  A destination wedding is the time to indulge in elevated versions of beachwear you can't actually wear to a beach. Think silk kaftans, fancy sandals, and gilded, seaside-inspired jewelry.  H&M Lyocell-Blend Kaftan Dress, $199; hm.com Ancient Greek Sandals Estia Flouria Sandals, $325; net-a-porter.com Oscar de la Renta Clip Earrings, $220; net-a-porter.com Rodo Wicker and Linen Box Bag, $800; bergdorfgoodman.com A hotel wedding is a controlled environment. You don't have to worry about ruining your shoes or overthinking the weather report, so experiment with super extra accessories.  Fraiche by J Strapless Wide Leg Jumpsuit, $96; nordstrom.com Stuart Weitzman Nudist Sandal, $398; stuartweitzman.com Jennifer Behr Triple Rosette Headband, $227.50; shopbop.com Jacquemus Espelho Mini Tasselled-Tweed Bag, $622; matchesfashion.com If your BFF is getting taking the Sophie Turner route, go big but think smart. Put on your campiest dress, but keep your accessories at a minimum. It's likely you'll end up stumbling down the strip, so choose an easy cross body you can't lose and flats you can walk in.  Attico Feather Mini Dress, $3,390; farfetch.com By Far Mini Bag, $510; shopbop.com Christian Louboutin Ballalla Flats, $645; net-a-porter.com For your friend's garden party, think color. Mix and match your favorite summery hues and your pics will look amazing. Choose flats or wedges, because heels might sink into the lawn.  Mango Bow Crossbody Top, $60; mango.com  Mango Midi Cross Skirt, $60; mango.com Castaner Carina Canvas Wedge Espadrilles, $130; net-a-porter.com Staud Kenny Bag, $325; staud.com Forever 21 Faux Stone Palm Leaf Drop Earrings, $5; forever21.com Not all summer weddings mean you'll be basking in the sun. For weddings held in conservative venues like a church, think sheath dresses—which still hug your figure—and ladylike accessories.  J.Crew Resumé Dress, $168; jcrew.com Bottega Veneta The Pouch, $2,950; bottegaveneta.com Repetto Electra Mary-Jane, $445; repetto.com Loren Stewart 14k Pearl Bracelet, $310; net-a-porter.com Even though you'll be standing in an office at city hall, you can still dress up! Celebrate the new couple in fun pants and a printed top, then style it with basics you can rewear to the office.  Alice & Olivia High Waist Wide Leg Pant, $295; aliceandolivia.com  Zara Polka Dot Tie Top, $50; zara.com Who What Wear Kalyn Mules, $35; target.com Jennifer Fisher Thread Hoops, $165; jenniferfisherjewelry.com Ball out for a black tie wedding, but make sure you choose breathable, lightweight fabrics that won't make you sweat. Use this wedding as an excuse to invest in fun accessories, like designer-on-the rise Amnina Muaddi's Insta-famous heels.   Jonathan Simkhai Plissé Lamé Grecian Gown, $695; intermix.com Amina Muaddi Gilda Sandals, $990; farfetch.com Adina Reyter 14k Gold Pave X Post Earrings, $450; shopbop.com Rosantica Vernita Brass and Crystal Bag, $1,160; modaoperandi.com
 When you think of Cartier, you might think of the recognizable Juste un Clou (translation: just a nail) bangles seen on the wrists of some of today’s chicest trendsetters.  But Cartier's best kept secret is perhaps its annual annual Women’s Initiative Awards which has provided funding, mentorship opportunities, and a platform to women-run impact-driven businesses since 2006.  Last week, Cartier, in partnership with the Women’s Forum, McKinsey & Company and INSEAD business school, announced this year’s seven winners from applicants across the globe. They include:  South Korea’s Yeon Jeong Cho, whose online language service trains retired seniors in Korea and connects them to Korean language learners worldwide. Philippines’ Carmina Bayombong, whose investment platform provides student loans to underserved youth using a proprietary credit rating algorithm. France’s Zineb Agoumi, whose affordable space-saving and connected gait rehabilitation device secures patients at the pelvis and monitors their progress. Mexico’s Liza Velarde, whose blood test detects the presence of circulating tumor cells (CTCs) in cancer patients, enabling physicians to better monitor progress of the disease. United Arab Emirates’ Hibah Shata, whose learning centre offers behavioral therapy and educational support to children and young adults with special needs. United States’ Ran Ma, whose smart socks for diabetics monitor foot temperature and guard against foot ulcers. Cameroon’s Manka Angwafo, whose services enhance African food supply chains through affordable asset-based financing to smallholder farmers. Cartier’s desire to support female entrepreneurship emerged from the brand’s roots. They set a precedent for strong female leadership by naming Jeanne Toussaint its creative director back in the 1930s. And, as Mercedes Abramo, Cartier's North America President & CEO explains, the jeweler has always been at the forefront of innovati0n. “Very early on, we were pioneers in using new materials, looking for new gemstones, traveling the world and getting inspiration from all around for our products,” Abramo says. “And having this kind of exposure to women entrepreneurs and creating this kind of program allows us to now bring forward new original ideas that need support.”  This year's awards were themed “The Ripple Effect” and the collective support for each woman's internationally-derived ideas and efforts was felt throughout San Francisco’s Fort Mason Center for Arts & Culture where the event was held. From the powerhouse speakers  like actress Lupita Nyong’o, American journalist and writer Maria Shriver, and CEO of Cartier International, Cyrille Vigneron, to the finalists who offered each other open-armed embraces and considerably kind words for a competition, it was clear that the impact of these awards runs deep.  “I’m a living testament of the power of awards,” commented Lupita Nyong’o who recognized that winning the Oscar for her first feature film, 12 Years a Slave, opened doors for her in ways she had never seen before in the industry. “[Awards] are a time to encourage and grow, and give confidence to someone with an idea that reflects a better world. A better chance. A better perspective.” That need to create a better reality for female entrepreneurs could not have been more apparent after hearing about the problems many of these women still face. From finding it difficult to be taken seriously to lacking a network of relatable mentors and still being asked questions like “Do you plan to have a baby?” in investor meetings, the 21 female finalists from around the world painted a daunting image of what it’s like to try and make it in business as a woman today.  “These are political issues. They are work places issues. They are women’s issues. Increasingly, they are men’s issues as well,” said Maria Shriver, who wished her daughters and son had been there to share in the experience. “For every woman to realize that when she stands up, opens her mouth, pushes against the status quo, she’s creating the ripple effect. She’s actually creating a tidal wave.”  Now, thanks to programs like the Women’s Initiative Awards, which generously offers the funding and mentorship without asking for any equity in return, there are more examples of how to trigger that tidal wave from a corporate level. “It’s a gift. They are not investing into the company. [The prize money] goes straight into the entity,” explained 2017 laureate Katie Anderson, who remains the sole owner of Save Water & Co., a company that combats water waste through data analytics. “To me, this is the future of what giving looks like.”  For more information on the Women’s Initiative Awards, please visit https://www.cartierwomensinitiative.com/
 At this year's Met Gala, guests embraced the over-the-top camp theme with bold looks and even bigger accessories. But which outfit enhancers came out on top? From a delicate earring to the most extra entourages, here are the best Met Gala accessories ranked. Gaga stunned the Met Gala crowd with a total of four (4) outfit changes (!!!!!) by Brandon Maxwell. She made her grand entrance with a posse of suited men and umbrellas.  Leave it to Porter to make the most wonderfully extra Met Gala appearance. He was literally carried into the event by shirtless men in gold pants (which is now the top image on my moodboard). The rapper wore a dramatic Thom Browne gown that came with it's own team of professional skirt fluffers. Whomst among us? Leto's bedazzled Gucci gown complemented his head nicely.  I'm a big fan of this one!!!!! The Boy with the Pearl Earring ™, Harry's delicate bauble hit us right in the feels.  This Met Gala look was so nice, Ross had to frame it.  Quiet please, only Cara has the talking stick right now and she's got something to say!  Paulson knows the best accessory is a bottle of bubbly.  Benedict did not come to play with this hat and cane combo.  
 This year's Met Gala was a historic moment for designer Dapper Dan and his partnership with Gucci. Attending for the first time as a table host, Dap made custom looks for industry vets like Bevy Smith and Bethann Hardison, plus celebrities like Ashley Graham and Regina Hall.  For Hall, this was a special night as well. "It’s an exciting time to be able to share this historical moment with people who continue to do incredible work and inspire others," said told ELLE.com. "What was important for me was for the look to express Dapper Dan’s legacy and creativity and I wanted the look to SCREAM! I feel amazing but most importantly I feel proud! Proud to share this moment in history with Dapper Dan." Dressed in a custom Dapper Dan look—a Gucci black, gold, and silver jacquard dress with gold bustier, pink and gold GG lurex sleeves with crystal bee details on the train—the actress also has stylists Wayman Bannerman and Micah McDonald (otherwise known as Wayman and Micah) to thank for her gown.  "We wanted to create something very special that celebrates the legacy and the history of what Dapper Dan has done for our culture," says stylist Wayman. "We wanted to have something that was very special, very him, and very unapologetic to what he has done for us." Adds Micah, "The Dapper Dan team was excited to work with us in particular as this was the first time Dapper Dan has done a gown. And to marry that opulence with the Dapper Dan aesthetic was an exciting challenge for them." "We wanted this look to be a celebration of who she is. As a seasoned actor who’s continue to evolve, transcend, and break barriers," said Wayman. "We really wanted this moment to speak to who she is, where she’s been, and where she’s going but still showing heritage to celebrating a Black American actress." Though he recently told ELLE.com he couldn't have pictured this moment as a kid, Dap clearly knows what he's doing. "Working with these genius stylists was so amazing," he shared. "Those guys have so much personality and so much vision. They made my job just absolutely–almost effortless. These guys are incredible. They got the feel of everything we needed to do, and we got it."  
 Notes on memes.   This year's Met Gala theme Camp: Notes on Fashion was made to be memed and the good people of the internet did not disappoint. From a surprise appearance from Sharpay to Rihanna disguised as Anna Wintour, here are the best tweets and memes from the 2019 Met Gala. Hit that RT button!   The red carpet arrivals Toxic masculinity has left the chat #MetGala pic.twitter.com/3hjQ6TbI7G   BAI frank ocean lookin like he’s about to turn away my ID at a bar in boston That's not wicked awesome. Go Pats.    We should all be #LadyGaga at the #MetGala 👑 Someone give her another Oscar! A post shared by  ELLE Magazine (@elleusa) on May 6, 2019 at 5:12pm PDT We should all be Lady Gaga.  150 points to Billy Porter #MetGala pic.twitter.com/jwJQ4ls8Gj Billy Potter.  Wow kylie and Kendall killed it tonight  #MetGala #stan pic.twitter.com/Gf7b1ufQI5 Zendaya ran from them at the gala.  Celine Dion looks like a pasta drying rack and I mean that as the highest compliment pic.twitter.com/bfmjsBWcej Never met a carb we didn't love.  A++++.  ashley tisdale is serving at the #MetGala pic.twitter.com/NLfL4wVsfT Sharpay looked amazing last night.  I just know Lizzie McGuire is going to kill it tonight at the #MetGala pic.twitter.com/QTQ4PhChFu Sing to me, Paolo! *On all moodboards.  Why does she look like a croissant  #MetGala pic.twitter.com/pJprht3FWy A tasteful lewk.  same energy pic.twitter.com/fGe6vQFhju Puffy Shirt Energy™.   Sending prayers to this guy who just made an enemy out of A-Rod. Find out who nailed the Camp theme and who looked a mess at link in bio. A post shared by  Betches Media (@betches) on May 6, 2019 at 6:19pm PDT Don't think A Rod took this photo.  Please, no photos #metgala A post shared by  Betches Media (@betches) on May 6, 2019 at 3:48pm PDT There can be 100 people in a room...  You know she’s getting a standing ovation at Dairy Queen later A post shared by  Harry Hill (@veryharryhill) on May 6, 2019 at 5:33pm PDT Get in loser, we're going to the Met Gala.   The #MetGala was lit. 🎀 (via @waffles_the_cat) A post shared by  The Chill Times (@thechilltimes) on May 6, 2019 at 8:13pm PDT Paws up, little monsters.  when you have to go to the #METgala at 5 but hang in the middle of a Tiffany’s at 5:30 pic.twitter.com/YsPWGOwO97 It's lit.  “Camp? What does that even mean??”“No one knows what it means but It’s provacative, gets the people going!”#MetGala #whoworeitbetter pic.twitter.com/e3cgFAUUEn Ice and Fire are back!   On those who chose not to attend Blake Lively looked stunning 💗 #MetGala pic.twitter.com/k7iHyodQou  Stunning.  BREAKING NEWS: Rihanna won’t be attending this year’s #MetGala after a back injury sustained from carrying the entire weight of the event for years. Thinking of her. <3  2016 vs 2017 vs 2018 vs 2019. The variety! #Rihanna kills it every year 🔥#MetGala pic.twitter.com/rSPFsmMmLO So versatile.  Omg Rihanna went disguised as Anna Wintour https://t.co/K1i6RLZZx4 Daniel Day-Lewis could never!  
 The Met Gala's attendees had one task at hand: dress according to this year's theme, Camp: Notes on Fashion. For some, there seemed to be a bit of confusion (Celine Dion admitted at first she thought there was going to be a sleepover at the museum), but others pulled off their looks with ease. They understood that camp is supposed to be over the top, slightly tacky, and oddly beautiful, but above all else, fun. Read on for a brief list of who I thought brought their campiest looks to the Met Gala.  It's as if Gaga has been training for this Met Gala for her entire career and tonight was her Olympics. The Queen of camp wore four looks in 15 minutes, and gave the audience just the right amount of theatrics to go along with them. Gaga and Maxwell should be incredibly proud.  Inspired by Elizabeth Taylor's turn at Cleopatra, Porter arrived shortly after Gaga—not even allowing me to catch my breath after her performance. Carried by broadway actors, the Pose star hopped off of his bed and showed off a beautiful bird-like look.  Porter in a custom The Blonds catsuit,  10-foot wings, a 24-karat gold headpiece, plus gold-leaf Giuseppe Zanotti shoes and jewelery by Andreoli and Oscar Heyman, and John Hardy. Monae and stylist Alexandra Mandelkorn took a surrealist approach to her gown, looking to Picasso and Dali for inspiration. Christian Siriano made the creation, adding a blinking eye for peak camp effect.  Let's be real: it couldn't be a campy occasion without Cardi B. She went the unexpected route, wearing a down-filled dress layered in oxblood tulle and silk organza, complete with an almost 10-feet long train. With hand-embroidered bugle bead detailing, 44-carat Stefere ruby nipples, and 30,000 burned and dyed coque feathers, the dress took 35 people and over 2,000 hours to create. A crystal encrusted bugle bead headpiece (made in collaboration with Stephen Jones) topped off the look.  Though their actual suits weren't camp in and of themselves, what was written on the back of Lena's jacket is everything you need to know. It read "Black drag queens invented camp." How's that for a history lesson?   A huge part of current camp culture derives inspiration from the iconic stage looks Bob Mackie made for Cher. It's clear that Kylie and Kendall Jenner took a page from his playbook, going with all the glitz, glam, and feathers for the evening. One could say the Kardashian's are the first family of camp, and this just proves it.  Despite her initial confusion, Celine Dion killed this red carpet. Part show girl, part fringe queen, Dion is the definition of camp.  Clearly inspired by Barbie, the campiest doll we know, Musgraves looked beautiful and bonkers at the same time. If that's not camp I don't know what is.   The Dynasty actress helped usher camp sensibilities into modern day TV. Just showing up as herself is enough to land her on any best dressed list. 
 Monday night's Met Gala event was magical! Like, actually magical. Even though all the celebrities arrived seemingly dressed for the night's "Camp" theme, many of the stars turned out for the event actually looking like Disney characters. Maybe because some of them once were? From Cole Sprouse, an actual former Disney Star, to Zendaya, also a former Disney star (who literally lost a glass slipper on the red carpet), Mickey Mouse was one proud dad Monday night. Below, see your childhood faves come to life: Don't worry Zendaya, my bedtime is also midnight. Be our guest, be our guest. Put our service to the test. Tie your napkin 'round your neck, and we'll provide the rest. OK, you get it. If he says his name is Dylan, his nose will grow. Mr. Krabs could never.   When you show up as the BELLE of the ball. Would trade my voice in for this look. Keeping Up With Kinderella.    Give me attention or I, too, will die. 
 At this year's Camp-themed Met Gala, really anything goes. For Michael Kors, that meant topping every single look with a Stephen Jones hat. “When we heard the theme, we knew we would want to incorporate some fabulous hats and headdresses to give the looks that wink of exaggeration and glamour," Kors told ELLE.  "The intricacies of some of the designs required work that only Stephen Jones could do. And we had just recently worked with him for our Fall 2019 Collection, so it was  a natural fit.” Ahead, Jones shares the inspiration for tonight's creations.  “For Gigi I wanted to create the ultimate glamorous hat so we used a similar shape to the hats I made for Michael’s last show but we covered it in glitter. There has to be some sparkle on the red carpet.”  “Emily played Mary Poppins and was of course adorned with the signature mini boater. So when designing for Emily for the Met Ball, I was keeping that in mind—what would Mary Poppins like to wear to a ball?” “Bette has such a wonderful personality. We wanted to match the hat to her charm and wittiness. I designed a sequin top hat that opens with butterflies flying out. For [Bette's daughter] Sophie I wanted to create something as flamboyant as she is. We used orange and yellow feathers, which looks like a sunset.”  “For Tiffany, I created a chic black trilby, and to imagine that camp element we included some coque feathers to add that pizazz.” 
 Barbie's favorite color. The 2019 Oscars first saw the rise of pink. Now, two months later, the Met Gala has also made the color the unofficial theme of the night, with celebrities arriving on the millennial pink carpet for "Camp: Notes on Fashion." From pantsuits to pleats and ruffles to ruching, here are the pinkest, campiest dresses from the 2019 Met Gala that deserve a spot in Barbie's dream house.
 Lady Gaga's entrance into the 2019 Met Gala was an extended high-fashion burleque performance in which she dramatically disrobed to reveal four different lewks in under a minute and that noise you heard is the ghost of Susan Sontag screaming "YAAAAAAAS GAGA!"  First look: Did someone say "camp"? I brought a tent. Second look: Attending a funeral for your wig. Third look: A fake-out final look with a Marilyn Monroe Moment. Fourth look: Hey! Big! Spender! Lady Gaga showing up to an event and then immediately taking off her clothes for fashion reasons is exactly the energy I'm trying to manifest at every social gathering from now on. "Thanks for inviting me to your wedding! Before you walk down the aisle, I'm going to just do a quick little prance in my underwear. As a gift to you. It's called taste; look it up."  Lady Gaga is here! #MetGaga #MetGala pic.twitter.com/t0mAeJmSrU I will also be attending all social gatherings with a group of bodyguards and hot models carrying black umbrellas. All my RSVPs will now be for 12. No low ceilings, please.  Anyone who's been watching this season's Project Runway knows that Brandon Maxwell loves a reveal. Well, honey, he delivered on that love in spades in the ensemble he designed for Gaga. She had more reveals than a lip sync on the season finale of a Drag Race. Somewhere in the multiverse, Lady Gaga is still taking off items of clothing until she has gotten down to a gown made of molecules and the tears of all your faves. Give Lady Gaga another Oscar. This is a performance for the ages.
 Kacey Musgraves made her Met Gala red carpet debut in dramatic fashion. The singer followed this year's camp theme and looks incredible in a pink Moschino Barbie dress complete with flowing blond hair and diamonds from Forevermark.  This is just one of the major red carpets Kacey has walked in 2019. In February, the singer stunned at the Grammy Awards in a dreamy nude tulle Valentino Haute Couture gown. She went on to take home the biggest award of the night for album of the year.  Later that same month, Musgraves attended the 2019 Academy Awards where she wore a frothy pink Giambattista Valli gown.  With all of Musgraves' success in the past year, the singer recently spoke to Entertainment Tonight about her biggest inspiration in life and music: her husband and fellow singer-songwriter Ruston Kelly. "He turned my life around in a lot of ways, and opened me up to seeing the world in a more positive light," she told ET. "There's a lot of hurt out there, and that's a real part of life. But I was inspired to write about the universe and our souls and where we come from. And this person that I found. The magic of it all."  She also spoke about how psychedelics influence her music. "It helps you get outside of your own head," she added. "In the grand scheme of things, we're just little specks of sand. It sounds trippy, but we're nothing. And we're also everything. Compassion [is] getting outside how big you think you are in the world." 
 No one, I mean, no one does a red carpet like Lady Gaga. From the super glam Cinderella-esque Valentino ball gown she wore during her A Star Is Born press tour to her sharp Marc Jacob suit and of course, her 2010 MTV VMAs meat gown, Lady Gaga's looks are always a sight to see. But for the 2019 Met Gala where she's co-hosting with Harry Styles, Gaga outdid herself again and debuted not one, not two, but four (!) different looks in just minutes on the Gala's pink carpet.  The multilayered look began with a voluminous pink cape draped over a black dress with a sweetheart neckline before Gaga pealed off the cape for her first reveal of the night: a figure-skimming black dress with a large bow on the side. From there, the looks only got better. To match her doll-like makeup look, Gaga peeled off her black dress to show off another form-fitting gown, this time in a bright fuchsia number. For the final look, Gaga stripped down to her undergarments and accessorized with dazzling fishnet stockings and platform heels, a nod to her 2016 Met Gala look where she wore a bedazzled bodysuit, fishnet stockings, and platform heeled boots. Let's not forgot about Gaga's props, from a black umbrella to a pink rolling cart with liquor and two clear cases that contained a pink cowboy hat in each, a possible tribute to her 2016 album Joanne. Her co-host, on the other hand, wore a more understated look: a black jumpsuit with ruffle detailing around the neck and pearl earrings.  Of course, Gaga's Monsters lit Twiter afire with reactions to her outfit changes. Here are some of the best ones.  LADY GAGA WORE FOUR OUTFITS IN 15 MINS WHAT A QUEEN #MetGala pic.twitter.com/ITgllSmJ2H Lady Gaga #MetGala Me: pic.twitter.com/9R5GE41GUd Bloody hell... @ladygaga wore FOUR outfits in 15 mins to the Met Gala. This is dedication beyond anything I’ve ever seen. Zero fucks given. Job done. Mic dropped. pic.twitter.com/YquG0G1RCC “Lady by Day, Gaga by night” pic.twitter.com/vYesvwTOw7 Stanning Gaga for the last decade has been the best investment I’ve ever made. https://t.co/Inj6KbealV *no one**literally no one*Lady Gaga at #METGala : pic.twitter.com/nWJkpzomq4 Lady Gaga going from her first outfit to her bra and panties and owning the #MetGala in 3 minutespic.twitter.com/TAZOKXBa2Z Lady gaga, Billy Porter & Ezra Miller having the best outfits at the met gala pic.twitter.com/GplmnskxEn
 Fashion's biggest night of the year is upon us: the Met Gala. And with tonight's Camp theme, the gowns on the red carpet are big, bold, beautiful, and bright. Here, what everyone, from co-chair Lady Gaga to Harry Styles, are wearing. Color, volume, and drama rule the night. In Bvlgari jewels.   In Brandon Maxwell and Tiffany & Co. jewels.  In Christian Siriano and Christian Louboutin.  In Tommy Hilfiger. In Balmain.  In Gucci.  In Versace, de Grisogono jewels and Nike sneakers.  Both in Versace.  In Moschino.   In Moschino.   In Gucci.  In Christian Siriano. In The Blonds headpiece and Giuseppe Zanotti shoes.  In Gucci.  In Gucci, Amwaj (left ear) and Hueb (right ear) earrings with a Brumani ring.  In Oscar de la Renta, a Noel Stewart headpiece, and Chloe Gosselin shoes.  In Irene Neuwirth.  In Prada.  In Alexander Wang.  In Salvatore Ferragamo.  In Dior . In Tory Burch.  In Zac Posen.   In Prabal Gurung and custom Brother Vellies shoes.  In Marc Jacobs and de Grisogono jewels.  In Tommy Hilfiger.  In Giambattista Valli.  In Gucci.  In Coach 1941. 
 Dapper Dan knows what you're thinking. After a recent debacle with a black face balaclava you feel like he should definitely not attend the Met Gala with Gucci. You probably feel like it's better to cancel them, quit the brand all together, maybe? Well the 74 year-old designer doesn't see it that way. "Each morning I get up and I have my thinking sessions," Dap tells me at his Harlem atelier ahead of the Gala. "Today I thought about how this is a miraculous thing that's taken place between Gucci and myself. People misconstrue it because of one mistake, and that threatens something beautiful from happening." When I arrive at Dap's atelier I'm treated to a mini lesson on his role in history. My guide walks me around pointing out photos and asking if I know who's in them. Salt & Peppa, L.L. Cool J, Jay Z, Dap at his old shop in Harlem—all images that say in so few words, this ain't my first time at the rodeo. Ask Dap and it's clear that he views his impact as so much bigger than clothing. "I have a higher mission and this is my platform. I have my book coming out. Dire issues that concern my community. I cannot leave this like this. I have to fix this like this," he says referring to the current state of black lives. "People in the community are like, 'Man, leave them! Leave Gucci and all this stuff.' They don't understand. Until I make them understand the beauty of this, the significance of this, the importance of this, I can't go anywhere." Ahead, Dap shares more on what this monumental occasion means for the black community.  You only see me walking, but you know who's walking behind me? Nelson Mendela's walking behind me, Jackie Robinson's walking behind me, Martin Luther King, all of those people are behind me. All those people who've suffered the slings and arrows of oppression in those difficult moments. But you know what they all have in common and what people don't understand? I am here for a purpose. Nelson Mendela, you name them all, they all had to get that same thing which is an education, information, you know? Being a partner of Gucci opens up a whole world. A whole world of education. Me being here, navigating like this here, lets them know, "This is important to us, this cannot do." I don't know this generation, these grass-rooters. They're easy to lead because they do not read. The African American brands that have come about all collapsed for a lack of knowledge. Gucci has afforded me an opportunity to function on this level for the first time. I know how to sell to blacks, I know how to be black, I know how to be in the black community. Gucci afforded me the opportunity to go global black. This is a global blackness. You have to connect this to something that's larger than what's going on now. This is our opportunity to be reflected internationally, to have a presence. Not just here, in America, but an international presence. This thing with Gucci is so big. Gucci has offered us a platform to say, "Come on in!" You know, it's very, very important. This challenge is very, very important. And I'm not backing out from this challenge.  You know what? The kids are the most beautiful part of this struggle. They remind me of how significant this is, because the children's minds are open. I stand on the corner, I go to these schools and speak, they're excited. The children are reaching out. It's the adults that's the problem. A certain segment of adults and the certain segment of adults that's a problem end up creating a problem for those who do read. The ones who do read are threatened by the ones who don't read. They know that this is the right thing, and they come to me and I'm over here and they sit there and say, "Please fix this, man, so I can wear my Gucci. We know what this is." They know what this is, but their careers is structured on the backs of the non-readers.   It's probably something I've been preparing for all my life. This is probably the easy part. For me, this is the easy part because rejection. Rejection. When you read my memoir, you'll see that the biggest part of my battle is dealing with people who look like me.  That's the biggest part, because what I've learned that is people are locked into what they already believe. It's like I said earlier, people want to be angry as opposed to looking at the roots of their anger, you know?  Never. Met Gala? I'd be like, do they play baseball there? I didn't have that kind of exposure. "Gala?" Yeah. "Oh, I know! You're talking about the Mets baseball team!" Like, "They have a gala?" No, no, no that was far removed from myself. Far removed from my understanding.  The birth of the idea comes from Gucci. But Anna Wintour, she's the queen and the queen has to approve. They thought this should happen. And caught me completely by surprise, and I'm excited. I'm excited. I think it's an amazing thing. I can't wait to tell people.  
 Exit through the gift shop. When Kanye West debuted 'Church Clothes' merch at his Coachella Sunday Service, it cemented what we’ve known for years: Nothing ensures bragging rights like a deftly designed t-shirt.  The aesthetes at the Metropolitan Museum of Art got the memo just in time for tonight’s Met Gala. They’ve enlisted 14 labels, including Marc Jacobs and Molly Goddard, to create Museum merchandise especially for the legendary event and its accompanying exhibit. With the theme of “Camp”—as in, over-the-top, ironically fabulous, insanely ornate, extra AF—the art show is a clever mash-up of royal fops, retro icons, and runway showstoppers from Gucci, Dior, Stella McCartney, and more. Oscar Wilde’s handwritten prose is enshrined; so are Susan Sontag’s original typed pages for her famous Paris Review essay, Notes on 'Camp.' Other highlights include Andy Warhol’s famous soup can dress, Céline’s coveted fuzzy heels, a Viktor and Rolf meme gown and generous helpings of Moschino, including Gigi Hadid’s famous butterfly pouf. You can see one of Bob Mackie’s gowns for Cher next to Liberace’s insane crystal suit and wig. Indie labels like Romance Was Born and Vaquera get playing time, too, as well as tulle scoops of sherbet from Tomo Koizumi. But perhaps it's the gift shop that will see the most action. There, museum-goers will find Off-White limited-edition hoodies, tees, bags, and sweatpants with exhibit details printed  on the crotch. Despite retailing for $590, the pants will likely sell out within seconds because, well, Virgil Abloh. From Gucci comes a $650 t-shirt, along with a $50 notebook, and Moschino has made exclusive Barbies (!!!) to commemorate the show. British wunderkind Matty Bovan has a very kooky t-shirt (in a good way) while Erdem and Richard Quinn channeled their floral obsessions into quirky-but-tidy print scarves.  Then there’s the Charlotte Olympia “Cat Nap” set, which includes pink kitten slippers and a matching sleep mask. That’s not to be confused with a set of real masks—the kind worn at hospitals or Burning Man—by Korean designer KyuYong Shin. Bedazzled with crystals that spell out THE MET, they’re both apocalyptic and hysterical, which is the kind of camp we deserve in these desperately dazzling times. Of course, the best museum merch is a ticket to the actual exhibit, which you can attend from May 9—September 8 in New York City. True, you may not see Harry Styles in line for the restroom—but getting this-close to a Dior couture gown and a Salvador Dali is its own kind of humble brag, t-shirt or no t-shirt.
 Sweet creature!   The hostess with the mostest! Harry Edward Styles is this year's Met Gala carpet prince. We can crown him right now. The co-host of the event, alongside Lady Gaga, Alessandro Michele, Serena Williams, and Anna Wintour was made for this year's camp theme. And of course, of course, he wore Gucci.  Styles walked the carpet with Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele. The two look like a match made in style heaven. Swoon!  The young crooner is one of the faces of Camp Gucci, so it makes sense he would wear the brand for the event tonight.   Styles chose to wear a black lace top with sheer sleeves that revealed his arm tattoos.  Yes, sweet creature.    The best part of the outfit might be the small pearl earring. It's very pirate vibes.  Johnny Depp is shaking somewhere.  This look from Styles solidifies his place among menswear elite. The earring, the lace top with a bow, and the chunk heels are pure magic. Styles never plays it safe so it makes sense he would make a splash at tonight's event.  Elton John wore feathers, David Bowie wore stardust suits, Pharrell wore the mountain hat, and now Harry Styles in the pirate shirt.  We're so glad to have the secretive star back in the spotlight as he has been laying low lately. (We haven't got an Instagram post since 2018!) This is also his first Met Gala ever and it is very clear to see he dressed perfectly. Good to see you, other British Harry! 
 Being a new mom is scary, but you can help take the stress away on her first Mother's Day with thoughtful gifts that make her feel seen. Gift an at-home spa day, a simple luxury she deserves. Or, try a diaper subscription service so she'll never have to do an emergency Target run again. You could also go the classic route, with first-mom gifts like gorgeous flowers that can be purchased for same-day delivery (in case you forgot, Mother's Day is this Sunday). Shop 21 gift ideas for first-time mamas with this roundup—and don't forget to give her the best gift of all: babysit every once in a while.  This might seem like a no-brainer gift, but most moms rarely tire of a classic bouquet. What's even better about this arrangement is that it's made by your local florist and can be ordered for same-day delivery.  Ain't nobody got time for vacuuming, especially new moms. Get her a robotic one that will zoom through the house cleaning up after baby.   Her feet hurt. Like, a lot. This affordable foot roller can be cooled down or heated up with hot water for a heavenly foot massage she can give herself while nursing (or watching Netflix).   Receiving a robe on Mother's Day is like a rite of passage. If you go this route, give her the coziest style, made by Ugg.  If you're gifting mom some jewelry and have some change to spare, opt for Louis Vuitton's new collection of beautiful, rose gold baubles. They're so timeless, she could eventually pass it on to her kids.  Diapers, diapers, and more diapers: A new mom will be forever grateful for setting her up with a subscription service from Honest, which supplies products made from sustainable materials like plant-based wipes.  This book will help them keep track of every moment of their little tyke's first year here on earth.  No one deserves a bath more than a new mom. Set up a soak and fill this caddy, with strategically placed snacks, drinks, and a new book.  Burt's Bees doesn't just make lip balm, they make super cute baby clothes like this organic onesie, too. It's insane sale price makes this gift undeniable.  The struggle of cooking an adult meal (beyond baby food) can be daunting. Take the thinking out of the equation by setting your new mom up with a tasty meal plan, starting as low as $36 a week.  Designer diaper bags are kind of silly, but this chic bag is one she can continue to wear past her baby's toddler phase.  Running around with a tiny tot requires comfortable footwear. Treat her to a pair that are easy to wear daily, but still look super stylish.  She. Is. Tired. Help combat eye bags with a massive set of under eye masks. We love KNC ones because they're infused with collagen, retinol, and Hyaluronic Acid to combat puffiness and dark circles.  If you want to gift a less baby-focused bag, check out Michael Michael Kors' newest style, the Cece. It's the kind of bag teenage-you would steal from your mom's closet.  If birthstones aren't her thing, try meaningful pendants instead. Create a multi-charm necklace by loading it up with meaningful talismans like her baby's initial, lockets, and more.  She gave up coffee, but still needs a daily pick me up. The trendy beverage du jour is a tumeric matcha latte, which is basically a wellness retreat in a cup.  Everyone, especially moms, needs a sweater that makes you instantly happier. This bubble gum number is the kind of thing they can throw on and go and automatically know they look cute.  Sadly nursing bras are...not cute. Make her feel great with this racy bra by Hotmilk, a brand on a mission to revamp boring maternity undergarments. A silicone bib is practical. A silicone bib that will make her baby a teeny cowboy is ridiculously adorable. What I'm trying to say is that this is the perfect gift.   Now that she's a mom, it's time for her to have a Mom Wallet, i.e. a giant zip-around style that can hold years-old receipts.  A belt is one of the most under-appreciated fashion staples- They make the wearer instantly look put together. A new mom could use this easy magic trick, and it doesn't hurt that it's Hermes. 
 Fashion has always had a diversity issue, and while the industry has made great strides in addressing it, there's still a lot of work left to be done. So when Virgil Abloh shared a behind-the-scenes photo of him celebrating his Milan-based Off-White staff at a party, fans were quick to notice the lack of black employees at the label.  Abloh posted photos of his graphic team and a group of art directors, which he called "crazy crazy talented kids," all of whom were white. In a viral tweet, one user wrote, "Not gonna lie I thought @virgilabloh would have some black people working with him but I’m not surprised."  Not gonna lie I thought @virgilabloh would have some black people working with him but I’m not surprised pic.twitter.com/TLqb0CEbLb Abloh being called out for Off-White's lack of diversity is especially unsettling for many fans since the 38-year-old is one of the leading black designers in the industry. He not only owns Off-White, but made history as the first black designer to ever be named Artistic Director of Menswear at Louis Vuitton. On Friday, May 3, following a wave of criticism, Abloh broke his silence in a statement encouraging people to focus less on the news and more on the black designers that he's collaborated with over the years.  "My design team is diverse as the world is big," the statement read, and added that the video was only intended to highlight the employees on his local Milan team. "When questioned about diversity, Virgil Abloh takes pride in being African and American. His design team is diverse, and his practice has been built on making the art and design industry an inclusive community," the statement continued. "Fellow designers like Samuel Ross, Heron Preston, No Vacancy Inn - by Tremaine Emory and Acyde Odunlami, Everard Best, Photographer Fabien Montique, amongst many others have been given a platform via Off-White(TM). These are just a few of the many global voices and people sitting at the table and helping evolve the brand. Off-White(TM) is a black founded and owned business." Abloh also posted photos of each designer he mentioned and all the black models that have been cast in his shows on his Instagram Stories on Friday afternoon, advising his detractors to "follow my whole design team. support their creative ideas. buy their clothes. attend their events. like their photos."  
 What images immediately come to mind when someone mentions polo matches? Most likely horses, women dressed to the nines in frilly floral dresses and men in dapper spring-themed suits. It's an event frequented by royals and the wealthy upper class—Gossip Girl  and Pretty Woman taught us that. But Work to Ride, a Philadelphia-based non-profit organization that gives disadvantaged urban youth the opportunity to learn, train, and develop life skills through equestrian activities and horse care, is changing that—and Polo Ralph Lauren is telling their story in its latest campaign.  Kareem Rosser, one of the program's brightest stars, led the #WorkToRide team to victory at the National Interscholastic Polo Championship in 2011. After graduating from the program and enrolling in college, he led his Colorado State University team to the Intercollegiate Polo Championship in 2015, and was named the Intercollegiate Player of the Year. . “A lot of polo players quote Winston Churchill, who said, ‘A polo handicap is your passport to the world,’” says Rosser, who has played on Nacho Figuera’s famed Black Watch team. “And it really is. It’s such a global sport.” . Read more about Kareem Rosser on #RLMag—link in bio. . Ralph Lauren is proud to support the Work to Ride foundation with a grant that will directly fund collegiate scholarships for the Work to Ride high school athletes. A post shared by  Polo Ralph Lauren (@poloralphlauren) on May 3, 2019 at 7:16am PDT In the campaign, shot by Sharif Hamza, the Work to Ride crew are decked out in Polo Ralph Lauren's signature styles, including classic Oxford Shirt, Silk Narrow Tie, Mesh Polo, and more. We learn the stories of Work to Ride alumni—Daymar Rosser, Kareem Rosser, Shariah Harris, and Malachi Lyles— who all have multiple accolades under their riding belts and have helped the organization grow over the years.  In addition to the campaign, Polo Ralph Lauren is gifting Work to Ride with a grant that  "will directly fund collegiate scholarships for the Work to Ride high school athletes." Founded in Philadelphia’s Fairmount Park, Work to Ride not only teaches kids how to ride and care for horses, but also teaches them discipline. Designed for kids ages seven to 19, students are tasked with maintaining the stables, which they are paid to do, and have the opportunity to join after-school tutoring sessions to keep their grades up.   A two-time Interscholastic National Champion, Daymar Rosser is also the founder and captain of the Roger Williams University polo team—which he led to the Intercollegiate National Championship in the program’s second year. “Because we started from nothing and no one believed in us,” he says, “we were motivated as a team to win and put our school on the map, and each and every game we were just ready to play polo.” . Explore Daymar Rosser’s full story on #RLMag—link in bio. . Ralph Lauren is proud to support the Work to Ride foundation with a grant that will directly fund collegiate scholarships for the Work to Ride high school athletes. . #WorkToRide A post shared by  Polo Ralph Lauren (@poloralphlauren) on May 3, 2019 at 9:15am PDT "We want them to get good grades; we want to expose them to a wider world, provide them with as much opportunity as we can, and introduce them to as many new things, within our power, that we can," Lezlie Hiner, founder of Work to Ride told Polo Ralph Lauren. “It’s gone from just trying to get them through high school to, at this point, really stressing moving onto college. And that’s not going to be for everybody. We don’t groom them to be professional polo players. The polo is a vehicle.” Read more about Work to Ride's story and members on ralphlauren.com.
 When Birkenstocks were called chic by Eva Chen back in 2014, the dark ages of constrictive heels ended and the Ugly Shoe Era began. The acceptance of comfort footwear is arguably the best thing to happen to women since we started wearing pants, and we will forever be grateful. Four inch stilettos? No, thank you. Please direct me to the bulbous styles loved by my grandma. From dad sneakers to flip flops  beloved by Danes, many orthopedics shoes are au courant, but Tevas are rarely mentioned.  No one wants to claim Teva's as "in," and they are still the pair of shoes everyone makes fun of. But the jokes on then because my podiatrist and I are very happy. Tevas are cool. Because bunions are not. If you still disagree, allow me to change your mind: The squishy cushion is like a foot massage in every step. They aesthetically match trendy fleece sweaters, and most importantly, they encourage you to explore the great outdoors because hiking is so hot right now. If someone asks why you're wearing weird sandals to Sunday brunch, hit them with Teva's wacky origin story: Founded in 1984, a geophysicist working as a rafting guide didn't want his flip flops to float off in the Colorado River, so he strapped velcro watchbands around his feet. That is some grade-A, crunchy granola material worthy of a Free Solo sequel.   5 Pairs of Tevas That Say, "I Considered Taking Shrooms This Weekend" https://t.co/5CUvIvikWE pic.twitter.com/gyGP62XjPj   Creating sunshine wherever she roams 🌞📸: @missenocha @teva #regram #SS19 #teva #sandals #tevasandals #tevas A post shared by  SayMore PR (@saymorepr) on May 2, 2019 at 5:05am PDT  High-end designers like Alberta Ferretti and Loewe made their own  campy versions of the hiking sandal, and now Outdoor Voices is getting in on the action. Along with their second swim collection, H2OV, the brand has released two color-blocked sandals that reinterpret Teva's iconic Hurricane silhouette. The pastel cuties will look as good at the beach as they will in the city (just envision them with your favorite sundress). We plan to wear them all summer long, which you can do, because they are that comfortable. Trust us, your feet will thank you. 
 At the ANZAC Day Service at Westminster Abbey last week, the Duchess of Cambridge stepped out in an elegant teal headpiece designed by the royal family's go-to milliner, Rosie Rubin of Rosie Olivia Millinery. Her creation, called the "Varick," featured pheasant- feathers, which Rubin individually hand-curled, and matched the hat's felt fabric as well as Kate Middleton's coat dress from Catherine Walker & Co.  It was a full-circle moment for Rubin, who told a tabloid two years ago that designing for the Duchess would be a dream come true. In an interview with ELLE.com, Rubin quickly dodges questions about her new client, whom she calls a "prime" patron, but says she looked absolutely "elegant" in her design, and loved that her hair was pulled back in a bun, which, "really made the hat stand out more."  The Liverpool native's chic headpieces are a favorite among the U.K.'s rich and famous, including Kate Middleton's younger sister, Pippa Middleton, who's been donning Rubin's hats since 2013.  "When someone has a hat on, it's the first thing you look at," Rubin tells ELLE.com. "It's an accessory. But it is kind of a piece of art that so much thought and so much work goes into."  The Varick is the first hat Rubin has created for Kate, but Rubin has a long-history of working with both Zara Tindall, and Princess Beatrice. She was introduced to the royal family after completing the Prince's Trust Enterprise business course in 2011, a program started by Prince Charles to offer loans and mentorship to young entrepreneurs. It was at a Prince's Trust event that Rubin met Princess Beatrice for the first time.  "I introduced myself, and a few emails later, I eventually got a hat on her," she says. Pippa Middleton, Zara Tindall, and now the Duchess of Cambridge have all followed suit. "I am so honored that they want to wear my creations,” Rubin says. And her clients' admiration is genuine. Rubin doesn't have a contract with the royal family, instead they reach out when they have an event on the horizon.  "Some are bespoke, and other hats have been from the collection and they've seen it and they ordered it," she says.  Rubin meets with her clients in one of her show rooms in London or Manchester to go over sartorial concepts. It's especially important to consider face shape when designing, Rubin says, because, "different shapes do completely different things to people's faces."  "People who have round faces don't necessarily look good in a fedora," she explains. "If you have a very narrow, long face, a hat that's going to give you height is just going to elongate that and make you really tall."   They spend hours trying things on, going over potential trimmings, and re-designing concepts. It generally takes a month from when you order a hat to when you receive it, but with the royal family the timeline really varies.  Rubin feels lucky her work has caught Kate's eye, but the royal family's very formal events don't exactly allow her much room for creativity. "It is great fun creating bespoke hats that are wacky, colorful and stand out from the crowd" she says, adding that she loves designing hats that look like, "works of art." She's especially keen to work with people in the music industry. Her dream client? Lady Gaga.  Of course, like the Duchess of Cambridge, the A Star Is Born actress would have to go through the proper process. "I would want to know the event and the outfit," she says. "I would want to know what she wanted out of it."
 Selena Gomez is a lot of things—actress, singer, Coach ambassador and one of the top-followed people on Instagram. Now the multi-hyphenate can add swimwear designer to her ever-growing list. On Thursday, the actress's longtime pal Theresa Mingus debuted her new swimwear Krahs with a few pieces designed by Selena herself, including one with a very special meaning. Gomez who underwent a quiet kidney transplant surgery in 2016 designed a high-waisted red bikini bottom with a belt to cover her scar. “I did have a really good time designing,” Gomez said in a video of her and Mingus explaining their collaboration. “It was fun. The design I did, one of them, it was the high-waisted one with the belt. I’ve had a kidney transplant and I like bathing suits that kind of cover where that’s been and make me feel comfortable.”  The Selena x Krahs capsule collection features five two-piece sets, all of which were created with front clasps, shark-bite detailing, and range from red to neon and a black and white print. A standout from the collection is the scarlet high-waisted one-piece that's pretty much business in the front and all party in the back. It features a zipper that zips up to a high neck, cut-out detailing, and according to the site, can be worn "as a swimsuit or as a top paired with skirts, jeans long & short."  Priced between $40-70, Mingus explained that her mission was to create a line that was accessible for every woman. "Every woman wants to feel sexy. Every woman wants to feel confident and beautiful," Theresa said. "I definitely want to have a variety of different pieces so everyone can wear them." 
 Summer is on the horizon, which means along with stepping up your swimwear and outfit game, it's time to add some new sunglasses into the mix. While we'll always love classic styles from Ray-Ban and Celine, there are some other brands on our radar as well. Vetements makes Oakley's edgy, Balenciaga's adding a twist to classic shapes, and Saint Laurent has perfected the aviator. Beyond designer sunnies, don't sleep on the indie up-and-comers who are clocking in with under-$100 styles that are just as chic. Read on for more brands that will make every summer selfie infinitely better.   Timeless shapes and luxury materials at a little over $100? That's what Féroce is bringing to the table. Launched just this month, you'll feel so smug and in-the-know wearing this cool girl brand.  There's nothing more classic than a pair of Ray-Bans (especially the Wayfarer and Aviator styles). And since they're the type of sunglasses that will never go out of style, you'll never regret the purchase.  Jennifer Lopez may not remember what happened to the sunglasses she had in Love Don't Cost a Thing, so the next best option is her collab with Quay. The range looks exactly like it should: 100% glam.  With its philanthropic "buy one, give one" business model and super cute frames, it's hella easy to support Warby Parker.  Vetements upgraded the Oakley with spikes, but we're pretty supportive of the OG Radar sunnies too, which are a fraction of the price.  Chimi's mission is to make "colorful shades for colorful people," and now we want them all. Seriously, each style is available in ten colors each, so you're bound to find a pair or two that fits your mood.  Logo-heavy, color-friendly, and super covetable: Balenciaga's glasses are a twist on traditional styles.  Designer Ahlem Manai-Platt is a Parisian born, Los Angeles-based designer, and her namesake label embodies that: a mix of chic, cool, and beloved by a celebrity—Queen Beyoncé.  Yes, Hedi Slimane is now the creative director, but the Celine sunglasses are still so good. Count on the brand's timeless eyewear to get you stopped on the street 24/7.  For retro styles that still feel modern, look to Oliver Peoples. The Los Angeles brand reimagines '70s shapes for a 2019 woman and is made with the highest quality materials.  All aviators are not created equal. One of the best silhouettes is made by Saint Laurent, whose slanted style compliments round-shaped faces. Poppy Lissiman made waves in 2016 for spear-heading the skinny frame trend, but the Australian designer is now evolving for the better. Her latest collection expanded into bags and jewelry, but also included innovative frames we could totally see worn by Billie Eilish.   We couldn't not include Kim Kardashian's buzz-worthy sunglasses. The star worked with Carolina Lemke for a limited-release collection that is selling out like hot cakes. Check them out for sleek styles in statement shapes.  Loewe isn't known for sunglasses, but they will be soon. Their new Puzzle frames are the perfect companion to the brand's it-bag, but with a more accessible price point.  Looking for cat eye sunnies that aren't too cat eye? Look to Zak., who makes a tightly curated selection of classic styles like this universally flattering pair.  For Art's Sake already counts Chrissy Tiegan as a fan, and we assume you're about to be one too. Their geometric frames and colorful lenses are unlike anything you already own, justifying your need to splurge.  Le Specs' collaboration with Adam Selman is all all over the internet. You could buy yet another pair of the cult-favorite cat eyes, or something from their latest drop which includes selfie-perfect silhouettes like this futuristic pair. 
 The Billboard Music Awards is just beginning, and celebs have already worn some of this spring's biggest statement looks on the carpet. Here, what what everyone, from BTS to the Jonas Brothers, are wearing at the show. In Area. All in Missoni and Christian Louboutin shoes. Nick is wearing a Chopard watch.  In Versace.  Yung Miami n Oyemwen. In a SSS World Corp suit.  Tyler in Armani, Hayley in Jil Stuart Quavo in Prada.   In Hamel.  In Ralph Lauren. In Louis Vuitton and Jimmy Choo pumps.  In F19 Cong Tri. In Haider Ackermann,  In Christian Louboutin shoes.  In Giambattista Valli couture.  In Brian Atwood shoes and Hearts On Fire jewelry.   In Tadashi Shoji. In Alberta Ferretti.  All in Alexander McQueen. In Genny.  In Dior.  Justin in Christian Louboutin.  In Paolo Sebastian. Ciara in Stephane Rolland and Future in Versace.   In Yousef Al Jasmi.  In Raisa & Vanessa and Casadei shoes
 Your dad (or whoever you celebrate Father's Day with) buys single-ply toilet paper and keeps the thermostat at a frosty 62 degrees in winter (put on a sweater!). With a thrifty mindset like that, he'd be outraged if you spent any money on him, much less splurge on an extravagant gift, so take the frugal route—his only route—with these 25 gifts under $50 that show you care. We've included the classics like socks and ties, but read on for non-boring gifts like Shower Beer holders, universally flattering sunglasses, and more.  As a kid, you hated road trips. But as an adult, all you want is to visit Zion National Park with your dad.   Nobody deserves a shower beer more than your dad. This nifty thing will make it all the easier.  A trusty denim jacket should hang in everyone's closet, and Uniqlo makes one that looks like it should cost ten times its price. His habit of carrying toiletries in a used plastic bag is out of control. Curb it with this cool dopp kit.  Dads make the best grilled cheese sandwiches. This cast iron grill will make them godly.   We listed Quay as on of the best sunglass brands ever. Get him a pair, and might we suggest this universally flattering style. It's polarized too, which dads freaking love.  His love of hiking means he gets a lot of sun. Get him a hat to protect him from UV rays, because you can only suggest he wear SPF so often.  It's no competition: Bombas makes the most comfortable socks. Give him the experience.  Wives tend to hate novelty ties, but they bring dads so much joy. Indulge him with one from the Tie Bar, which is bound to have whatever his interests are woven onto a necktie.  Parents love a picture frame gift. It's thrifty, but also meaningful.  Make your own full-bodied hot sauce with this DIY kit that offers a kick from chipotle and guajillo peppers. Whether they're into star gazing or bird watching, these Occer binoculars will make a huge impact on their hobbies.  Your dad could go on forever about how the shaving industry is a scam, so subscribe him to the club that tries to resolve the problem. Starting at just $5, you can get him a monthly shaving kit for a fraction of the price that it costs in stores.  This 300-piece set means you can practice together. Maybe you'll actually beat him one day.  If your dad is obsessed with concerts, get him this journal to store his memories.  This cool gym bag will make him want to go to the gym.  It's a scientific fact that dads look best in pink.  If your dad falls into the "on the rocks" camp, get him an ice tray stat.  Just in case he needs an emergency cocktail, this kit will be his savior. It's also the perfect size to pack on a flight (because he does not agree with the drinks prices in air).  He'll chuckle—heartily—at this. Then he'll go about his business.   Men. Always. Need. New. Underwear.  He says it like it is, just like this doormat.  Your dad might be wary of green gingham, but you know he'll look great in this.  Less is 2018's fiction winner of the Pulitzer Prize. If he hasn't read it already, the time is now. Loving guac is in your DNA, so making it at home should be your family tradition. Get him a pre-seasoned molcajete, just in time for the summer. 
 Like everyone, my vision of compression socks wasn't a pretty one. They were aesthetically offensive, always paired with horrid open-toe sandals, worn exclusively by old people and on and on the generalizations went. Then, Comrad's millennial-version came into my life, and I've realized I had been very unfair. These are not, I repeat, not the geriatric pair that come in a skintone-esque tan. It's as if Warby Parker started making socks: You can find stripes, ombre, powder pink, or a logo'ed version. These are compression socks meant to be seen. And far from panty-hose, Comrad's pair look like normal high-rise socks that hit below the knee.  Having never worn compression socks before my conversion, I can only guess at what the OG versions are like. The Comrad fabric is soft and feels expensive—the exact opposite of a rough, Ace bandage-type wrap. Nothing scratches or digs into my skin.   I initially wore my pair on a long-haul flight because I was vaguely aware it was a recommended thing to do. Per the National Institutes of Health, compression socks get your blood moving, help avoid swelling in the legs, and keep achey, sore legs at bay. While I've never stepped off a flight or ended a long day on my feet with noticeably swollen legs (I don't think?), there definitely have been times when I got to baggage claim and realized my feet looked a little puffy. From the moment I gingerly pulled on my pair, things felt better—like my legs were, honestly, sparkly. I chalked it up to the superior blood circulation, but whatever the cause, it was refreshing.  Taking them off and segueing into normal life was wonderful too, like I hadn't been sitting for 7+ hours. My feet and ankles looked normal, not angry, and I felt like I'd done something healthy for my body.  In short, I'm never going on a long flight without a pair again (and might just start wearing them in normal life too!).
 A fabled tradition that's lasted 14 decades. Since 1875, people have crowded the racetracks of Churchill Downs to take in the Kentucky Derby. While the horse race is the main event, over-the-top headgear has always stolen a bit of the spotlight. Here, a selection of the best Kentucky Derby hats through the years.   At the 61st Kentucky Derby on May 1, 1937. At the 63rd Kentucky Derby on May 7, 1938. At the 72nd Kentucky Derby in May 1946. At the 81st Kentucky Derby on May 7, 1955. At the 94th Kentucky Derby on May 4, 1968. At the 103rd Kentucky Derby on May 7, 1977. At the 114th Kentucky Derby on May 7, 1988. At the 121st Kentucky Derby on May 6, 1995. At the 122nd Kentucky Derby on May 4, 1996. At the 124th Kentucky Derby on May 2, 1998. At the 128th Kentucky Derby on May 4, 2002. At the 129th Kentucky Derby on April 26, 2003. Jessica Simpson at the 130th Kentucky Derby on May 1, 2004. At the 131st Kentucky Derby on May 7, 2005. At the 132nd Kentucky Derby on May 6, 2006. At the 133rd Kentucky Derby on May 4, 2007. At the 134th Kentucky Derby on April 30, 2008. Kim Kardashian at the 135th Kentucky Derby on May 2, 2009. At the 136th Kentucky Derby on May 1, 2010. At the 137th Kentucky Derby on May 7, 2011. At the 137th Kentucky Derby on May 7, 2011. At the 137th Kentucky Derby on May 7, 2011. At the 137th Kentucky Derby on May 7, 2011. At the 137th Kentucky Derby on May 7, 2011. At the 138th Kentucky Derby on May 5, 2012. At the 138th Kentucky Derby on May 5, 2012. At the 139th Kentucky Derby on May 4, 2013. At the 139th Kentucky Derby on May 4, 2013. At the 139th Kentucky Derby on May 4, 2013. Krysten Ritter at the 139th Kentucky Derby on May 4, 2013.
 Very few people know how to leverage their massive social media following into a lasting career. But Aimee Song, the mastermind behind the moniker Song of Style (her Instagram account boasts over five million followers) and YouTube channel, is in a league of her own. After being one of the early influencers in Revolve's squad, Song is taking her relationship with the retail behemoth a step further with the release of her very own Song of Style x Revolve apparel collection.  Over on her personal Instagram, Song announced her newest endeavor and teased a yellow two-piece skirt set, presumably from her upcoming Revolve line.  "I can’t keep the secret anymore! It’s officially here: the launch of @songofstyle, the label! I’ve been dreaming about this for years," she wrote. "There’s a reason why it took me so long to launch my own label. I wanted to do it right and I knew I needed the right partners and team to make this special, wearable and accessible for all of you."  I can’t keep the secret anymore! It’s officially here: the launch of @songofstyle, the label! I’ve been dreaming about this for years. There’s a reason why it took me so long to launch my own label. I wanted to do it right and I knew I needed the right partners and team to make this special, wearable and accessible for all of you. #SONGOFSTYLE will be available at @revolve beginning May 13! Stay tuned for something special coming your way today on @songofstyle! A post shared by  Aimee Song (@aimeesong) on Apr 30, 2019 at 7:09am PDT Song's will debut her 50-piece Revolve collection on May 13, an assortment of styles that were inspired by Sex and the City's Samantha Jones, Princess Diana, Amal Clooney and Meghan Markle, Business of Fashion reports. Song has been teasing the collection on the Song of Style Instagram, which has been wiped clean of all content save for a white paper that reads "Song of Style" with the accompanying caption, "5/13/19."  No telling where Song's collection falls on the price spectrum, but Business of Fashion did reveal one of the pieces retails for $238, similar to Revolve's third-party brands Amanda Uprichard and For Love & Lemons. In a teaser posted to Song of Style's Instagram, Aimee is seated at the head of a conference table while her employees bombard her with color charts and samples, including a tweed jacket and denim shorts. Aimee herself is dressed in a lilac blazer dress, which could also be from her upcoming line.   
 If you've ever seen a girl on your Instagram feed wearing an ethereal maxi dress and she's wandering somewhere between the Pacific Coast Highway and Provence, chances are she bought said dress from Dôen. Through DMs and tags, the Los Angeles-based brand has gone from newbie to cult favorite, and women worldwide are obsessed.    In just a few years Dôen's become synonymous with ditsy florals, billowy blouses, and aspirational maternal style, but despite their seemingly omnipresence, Dôen's operated under a direct-to-consumer model only. Until today.   A sneak of what’s coming tomorrow.... our spring collection will fully bloom with tomorrow’s Late Spring launch. Dusty solids, whispery dresses, barely there sandals - we can’t wait 🦋 #comingsoon A post shared by  D Ô E N (@shopdoen) on Mar 25, 2019 at 8:12am PDT  NEW YORK! Reminder that tomorrow is the first day of our NYC Sample Sale!! 🕊 We will be offering archived past season pieces in a range of sizes - all at discounted prices. Come see us at 150 Greene Street! Doors open at 10am 🎊 Hope to see you there! A post shared by  D Ô E N (@shopdoen) on Feb 5, 2019 at 7:49am PST For the first time ever, the brand is partnering with luxury retailer Net-A-Porter to launch an exclusive capsule collection that features fifteen tops and dresses for women (plus mini me options for children!).   "[Net-A-Porter is] a consistent champion for emerging brands and remains a trusted resource for discovering new designers," said Dôen's founders (and sisters) Margaret and Katherine Kleveland in a press release. As an incubator for emerging talent, Net-A-Porter gives them an international audience, so this is a mutually beneficial alliance for everyone involved (including us, the customer!). The partnership offers the indie label all the perks of a global retailer, including free shipping, 24/7 phone access to in-house consultants, and sharing the selling room "floor" with established designers like Prada and Gucci. It also helps expose Dôen to potential customers that have never used social media. 
 A few weeks after her ELLE shoot in Malibu, Talita von Furstenberg couldn’t be further away from her beachy West Coast roots. She’s prepping for midterms in a Georgetown University library. The 20-year-old American fashion royal (her grandmother is Diane von Furstenberg) is pursuing studies in social justice, rather than taking the expected design route. “It may seem inconsistent,” she says.“But I am as passionate about helping people as I am about making them feel beautiful in what they’re wearing.” Last week, she unveiled her capsule collection, TVF for DVF, after growing up fully immersed in the industry. (She began assisting Von Furstenberg at her runway shows at the tender age of nine.) For her first foray as a designer, the Angeleno looked homeward for inspiration: “Growing up in L.A. and constantly being around nature and greenery definitely played a role in my design process,” she says. In fact, a camera roll full of flowers on her phone provided creative fodder—she named each piece in the collection after one of her favorite varieties. “I am really happy with the simplicity of the clothes,” she says of the line, which includes breezy sundresses and separates. “Everything has become so overdesigned. You don’t need to think twice about throwing on a TVF dress and walking out the door, or about complications with how to style it, because it’ll go with things you already have in your closet.” In true ELLE fashion, she demonstrated how to effortlessly mix items high and low with some of her favorite looks from the collection for this shoot. Fashion is in her genes, but does it have a permanent place in her professional future as well? “I’ve looked up to my grandmother my whole life,” she says.“She has successfully leveraged her business to help and inspire many people. I hope to follow in her footsteps—as a fashion designer and social activist.” The 23-piece collection runs up to size 16 and is available now.  Styled by Charles Varenne; hair by Nikki Providence forR+Co; makeup by Natasha Severino at Forward Artists; set design by Michael Wanenmacher at Owl & the Elephant; produced by Anastasia Blades 139 at 360PM.
 Scroll through Instagram at any given time and it seems like everybody is vacationing in—or at least planning to visit—Marrakech. The historic buildings, colorful souks, and local fashion is enough to propel the Moroccan city to the top of anyone's travel bucket lists, including Christian Dior. This week, the luxury house staged its Cruise 2020 show against the stunning backdrop of the city's El Badi Palace. In an Instagram, the brand explained that Maria Grazia Chiuri chose Marrakesh because "the city across centuries has drawn a stream of influential travelers, artists and creatives, from former Dior Creative Director Yves Saint Laurent to novelist and philosopher Albert Camus, photographers Cecil Beaton and Irving Penn, and more."  Eager to celebrate the intersection of Mediterranean, European and African culture, the brand worked with local artisans, Uniwax—a company in the Ivory Coast that worked with the design studio to reinterpret two of the House’s signature motifs: toile de Jouy and tarot cards—plus other black designers and artists including Grace Wales Bonner and Mickalene Thomas who, lent their own design touches to the iconic skirt and bar jacket silhouette.   With celebs like Lupita N'yong and Shailene Woodley on the ground, the two-day extravaganza kicked off with a special dinner and traditional music performance at the Palais Bahia. Jessica Alba, who recently celebrated her 38th birthday and is a Dior ambassador, also celebrated with the luxury house.   Swipe left to see the first images of last night's first event in Marrakesh, and see pieces illustrating Dior's longstanding bonds with Marrakesh that served as inspiration for some of #MariaGraziaChiuri's latest creations. #DiorCruise #DiorCommonGround⁣⠀ © @BleuManet & @Raphael_Dautigny ⁣ A post shared by  Dior Official (@dior) on Apr 29, 2019 at 8:02am PDT  Holding court. A post shared by  Lupita Nyong'o (@lupitanyongo) on Apr 29, 2019 at 7:47am PDT  thank you 🙏🏽 for all the bday wishes... I’m so grateful for so many things. My ❤️ that walk outside of my body Honor, Haven and Hayes. My person @cash_warren that brings out the best in me and sees my potential often before I do. My incredible family who support me through thick and thin and always have my back no matter what. My homies who are my chosen family. I love you all so very much👊🏽✨💛. My @honest family I’m humbled by your integrity and dedication to our brand 🙏🏽. All the people and places I’ve been able to connect with and experience through my 38 years! #heartisfull! thank you @dior team @staceykubasak for inviting me to this magical place. The beauty, the colors, the incense, orange blossom, spices and most importantly the people in Morocco -it’s almost too much beauty to absorb -everything we’ve experienced in #marrakech has been Incredible! Epic bday! #thisis38 🎂. A post shared by  Jessica Alba (@jessicaalba) on Apr 28, 2019 at 5:36pm PDT On the runway, dresses with intricate beading and African-inspired patterns in varying lengths and cuts—maxi, mini, long-sleeved and sleeveless—and the brand's signature cinched waist made a splash. Patterned head wraps, capes, and jackets added a finishing touch to the looks. For the finale, Diana Ross surprised the crowd with a performance of Ain't No Mountain High Enough.  The surprise guest of the evening ... The Queen , The Boss, The one and only Ms @dianaross . Merci @dior @mariagraziachiuri 👏🏻 for empowering and inspiring women and for keeping us dancing all night 😘. @elleusa #Diorcruise2020 A post shared by  Nina Garcia (@ninagarcia) on Apr 29, 2019 at 3:52pm PDT
 Heading around the world with the Nolo. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. No matter where you travel, a chic accouterment is a must. It’s also necessary to ensure you have a different option for each look.  Oscar de la Renta’s new Nolo bag is the ideal size for many an occasion—and comes in a dizzying array of different prints and colors. Pack one for every destination on your ticket. Shop the Bags 
From: CR Fashion Book

 You may be ready to hit the ground running in little white dresses and basket bags, but there's admittedly more to summer dressing than cosplaying Anne of Green Gables. This season it's all about color and experimentation, and thankfully the streets are offering valuable inspiration. We scoured fashion week photos and found 9 new trends to work into outfit ideas, courtesy of some sartorial stars, that will make you rethink your wardrobe. And don't worry—we're not encouraging you to replace your entire closet. Some of these may already be there. It's all about how you refresh it, using our guide ahead.   Tie dye is everywhere this season, but it's not all about psychedelia. Designers like Ganni have elevated the print with slinky silk materials and grown-up cuts that won't make you feel like a Woodstock attendee. To get the look, reach for work-ready pieces like a sleek dress. Then pair it with modern accessories like sharp sunglasses and heavy metal bags.  This affordable dress is a toned down version of the trend that can be worn from the office to the beach (because that's our dream). Designers are using precious stones and coral beads to evoke summer vibes, but are less literal in their design. Layer these pieces with pearls and pair with a white blouse to keep it from looking like you just stepped off of the resort.   These are the kind of earrings we wish we thought of first. Zara took oceanic beads and put them on simple hoops. Genius.  In the midst of summer it's too hot to wear your hair in any other style than a ponytail. Refresh the classic look with a silk scarf. Go with a wide, long shape so it can drape backwards with ease.   Unfolded, this scarf is a giant flower. But tied up in your hair, it's an abstract swirl of corals and pinks.  Here's a bright idea: try a technicolor short suit. It's a step away from last season's suiting set trend, but made for summer office dressing.  We don't wear tangerine enough, but this blazer is encouraging us to do so.  These shorts complete the set.   Whether you're ready or not, flip flops are back. Style them with a printed skirt for a West Coast meets Manhattan vibe.  Although, we don't really suggest wearing them on the streets of New York City.  If Havaianas remind you too much of Laguna Beach, Tibi is making another option. Their minimalist style is made of leather instead of rubber, so they won't make you feel like a teenager sobbing in a bathroom.  This outfit laughs in the face of summer's number one enemy, your office's AC. Store a plain gray blazer at your desk and pop it over any outfit: it's an easy fix for when you want to wear a sleeveless dress to work.  Everlane makes some of the greatest basics, and this blazer is one of them.  It's inspired by classic menswear, but has more feminine narrow shoulder.  We've discussed how milk maid dresses are trending, but the latest look is going deeper into the pastoral vibe. Gowns are cut in shapes with prints that are made for the French countryside. Style yours with an easy cardigan and your favorite basket bag.  When it comes to this trend, no one does it better than Brock Collection, who's made a name for themselves in romantic dressing. If the price tag is a little high for you, we also suggest Urban Outfitter's super affordable collab with Laura Ashley. We're officially over skinny sunglasses, there we said it. Swap them out for the new it-sunglasses, oversized tinted shades. They'll boost your simplest t-shirt and jeans outfit in one fell swoop.  Rag & Bone's sunglasses section is not to be missed. They have a curated set of fashion-forward styles like this peach pair, all for under $300.  Leopard print is forever, but zebra, tiger and even cow-hide prints are now. Experiment with these animalistic styles and don't shy away from color. Embrace the print by clashing them with bold, saturated hues.  Rixo makes some of the funnest prints to buy. We plan to wear this with a graphic tee and on-trend hiker sandals. 
 The runway is taking place in Marrakech, but you can watch it from the comfort of your home. The Dior Cruise 2020 show is about to begin in Marrakech. Catch all the action, from start to finish, below. 
 It's Naomi time.  Earlier this month, model Naomi Campbell celebrated 33 years of working in the fashion industry. In her time, she's walked countless runway shows, landed on more than 800 magazine covers, and guest starred in TV shows like Fresh Prince of Bel Air and music videos like George Michael's Freedom!.   They said I would only last 11 years, but here I am today celebrating 33 years in the business of fashion! I feel so blessed and grateful to God. I never thought that there would be a day when I would even convey such a message on social media! To my beautiful mother Valerie Morris  @valeriemorriscampbell I thank you for believing in the dreams of a 3 year old and letting me be me. Your love and support has kept me going through good and bad times. I love you mum. To my family and friends that have been with me on this incredible journey throughout these years,  stuck by me through thick and thin , you know who you are and I thank you.  I go from plane to plane from city to city almost daily and I’m constantly working. My friends are always telling me to slow down and rest but I’m at a point in my career where my vision is crystal clear, and for now I’m on a mission.  A mission to nurture the new and next generation. A mission to ensure that my industry - the fashion industry - is a place that's diverse and of equal opportunity and I’m on a mission to change the narrative and perception of the great continent of Africa! I do believe that I will rest when God wants me to, but until then I’ll keep going! Love you all Loads  Naomi 😘😘♥️🙏🏾 📸 Steven Meisel A post shared by  Naomi Campbell (@naomi) on Apr 14, 2019 at 9:00am PDT Today, she adds another line to her CV: one of the new faces of Chanel's J12 watch campaign.    Starring along side nine other celebrities (Keira Knightley, Ali MacGraw, Claudia Schiffer, and Lily-Rose Depp, to name a few), the model wears the white J12 watch as she answers a host of questions that all have to do with‚ you guessed it, time.  Her favorite time of day? Sunset. Time in general? She doesn't have time to waste it. For her, and all the others featured in the campaign, it's all about seconds.  
  Each model in the campaign discusses similar topics, from a moment in time that changed their life to their favorite Chanel memory. With these questions, "we can explain that time is something extremely personal while at the same time, we are all more or less linked by this subjective experience with time,” Thomas du Pré de Saint-Maur, head of creative resources for the house’s perfumes, beauty, watches and jewelry activities," told WWD of the concept for the campaign. "They’re not the same—the idea is that by taking a certain number of experiences from different ages, different cultures, different life paths, the one thing that links them is a history with Chanel.” 
 The video series explores the history of the French house. As part of Chanel’s ongoing series of short films, Inside Chanel, the brand explores the history of Chanel, the Chanel woman, and the secrets of the house’s manufacturing. Today the house revealed Chapter 25, which encompasses Gabrielle “Coco” Chanel and her love of America.  After being welcomed to New York in 1931 and inducted into the Hall of Fame that same year, Chanel turned stateside once she returned to fashion in 1954 (France reportedly didn’t offer the designer the same warm welcome). Chanel changed the landscape of fashion during a time when women slowly began gaining more agency. Her iconic tweed suits and use of jersey fabric when no one else was using it made her a maverick in French fashion. During Chanel’s first trip to the U.S., she gave a series of interviews at the Hotel Pierre. She also met Hollywood actress Greta Garbo, whom she subsequently dressed in Chanel. A year later, Marilyn Monroe famously said that she wore nothing to bed besides a few drops of Chanel N°5. The film charts Chanel’s meteoric rise in the U.S., such as when she was awarded the Neiman Marcus Fashion World, known as the “Oscar of Fashion,” in Dallas in 1957, making the designer a longtime household name. She also became one of the most iconic figures of the 20th century, going on to design clothing for Elizabeth Taylor, Marlene Dietrich, Jackie Kennedy, Jane Fonda, Katharine Hepburn, and Jean Seberg. When asked about her affinity for the country, Chanel once said, “It’s where I made my fortune.” 
From: CR Fashion Book

 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week.  Who: Brie Larson  When: April 22, 2019 Wearing: Celine Why: We were apprehensive about Hedi Slimane’s take on Celine, but Brie Larson's lavender stunner at the Los Angeles premiere of Avengers: Endgame convinced us things may be okay. However, the real kicker of this outfit is Brie's easter egg jewelry, a nod to gauntlet rings. Her commitment to a theme wins her best dressed of the week.  Who:  Indya Moore When: April 23, 2019 Wearing: Iris van Herpen Why: There are naked dresses, and then there are naked works of art. Indya Moore at the Time 100 Gala fell into the latter camp, where she wore the sexiest sculpture dress we've ever seen.  Who: Charlize Theron  When: April 19, 2019 Wearing: Givenchy Why: Charlize Theron attended the Long Shot screening in London, England dressed like a vintage Barbie. We love the unexpected drop waist of her gown and strong, contrasting color palette.  Who:  Zoe Saldana  When: April 22, 2019  Wearing: Givenchy Why: Zoe Saldana is another Givenchy fan, wearing a beautifully pleated pink dress to the Avengers: Endgame world premiere. From the one-shoulder silhouette to her draped, peplum bodice, there are so many details to love.  Who: Diane Kruger  When: April 23, 2019 Wearing: A.L.C., Bulgari jewelry and purse  Why: What's not to love about Diane Kruger's pant suit? It's our peak aesthetic: sexy, but mad comfy. She wore it to a Bulgari event in New York City. Who: Martha Hunt  When: April 23, 2019 Wearing: Jason Wu Collection, Christian Louboutin heels Why: Birds of a feather flocked together for Martha Hunt's ethereal dress at the Time 100 Gala. The look was so delicate it seemed as though she could float away with a soft breeze, in the chicest way possible.  Who: Brie Larson  When: April 15, 2019 Wearing: Rodarte Why: Promoting Avengers: Endgame in South Korea, Brie Larson wore an outfit that can only be described as Vanna White attending prom (which is basically the same thing). We are here for this prime example of '80s revival, which wins Larson best dressed of the week.  Who: Gemma Chan  When: April 17, 2019 Wearing: Monse, KatKim ear hooks Why: Gemma Chan's style never ceases to amaze us. Her LBD at the 2019 Apex for Youth Gala in New York City is making us reconsider our ban on asymmetrical necklines.  Who: Julianne Moore When: April 18th, 2019 Wearing: Chanel Why: When Chanel throws a party, you can be sure that their celebrity roster will be dressed to the nines. That's exactly what Julianne Moore did in a statement tulle dress, worn to Chanel's Mademoiselle Privé exhibition in Shanghai.  Who: Priyanka Chopra  When: April 15, 2019 Wearing: Chanel Why: Calf-length boots have a tendancy to chop off your legs, making you look awkwardly short. Priyanka Chopra resolved that issue by opting for a see-through pair, smartly styled with a ladylike suit at the opening night of Burn This in NYC. Who: Sophie Turner  When: April 12, 2019  Wearing: Louis Vuitton Why: We know that Sophie Turner was promoting Game of Thrones in Belfast, Northern Ireland, but her outfit recalls a very differeny kind of sci-fi vibe. Live long and prosper, Sophie.  Who: Cardi B. When: April 19, 2019 Wearing: Christian Siriano, Saint Laurent heels, Hérmes  Why: Cardi B. should be arrested... because her outfit while attending court is too good. Seriously, Anna Sorokin's stylist should take notes.   Who: Bella Hadid  When: April 05, 2019 Wearing: Rosetta Getty  Why: Bella Hadid is quickly proving that she is the modern-day queen of late nineties style. Her leather clad look is pre-Goop Gwyneth Paltrow, and we are obsessed, giving her best dressed of the week.  Who: Michelle Obama When: April 09, 2019 Wearing: Stine Goya Why: Michelle Obama has a rare thoughtfulness when it comes to getting dressed. She wore a beautiful, intricately detailed suit by the Danish designer on the Copenhagen leg of her tour.  Who: Issa Rae When: April 08, 2019 Wearing: Balmain  Why: Issa Rae is the latest recruit of the Balmain army, and we can't wait to see more of her in Oliver Rousteing's designs. She wore this sculptural number to the California premiere of Little.  Who: Lucy Boynton When: April  10, 2019 Wearing: Marc Jacobs  Why: We’re very into loofa fashion—meaning pastel dresses that look poofy enough to exfoliate with. Lucy Boynton is the latest to take on the trend for the Clash de Cartier event in Paris, France. Who: Gabrielle Union  When: April 11, 2019 Wearing: Osman feather cape  Why: ‘70s glamour was the theme of the night for Dwayne Wade’s retirement party in NYC, and no one captured it better than Gabrielle Union. Her all-white ensemble is a party in itself. Who: Scarlett Johansson  When: Tom Ford Wearing: April 10, 2019 Why: Business met pleasure at the Avengers Endgame event in London, England. Scarlett Johansson’s perfectly tailored suit is everything. Who: Gwendoline Christie  When: April 03, 2019  Wearing: Iris van Herpen Couture Why: We still can't wrap our heads around Gwendoline Christie at the Game of Thrones premiere in New York City. Her dress was unreal. The smoking number literally made us gasp, winning Christie best dressed of the week.  Who: Beyoncé When: March 30, 2019 Wearing: Balmain Why: Beyoncé and Balmain go together like handbags and hot sauce. Seen here at the NAACP Image Awards, you realize she's wearing a tuxedo gown with what appears to be a bathing suit. No one else could ever pull this off.  Who: Elle Fanning  When: April 02, 2019 Wearing: Rodarte, Tiffany & Co. jewels  Why: Elle Fanning's sweet look at the Teen Spirit screening in Hollywood, California is Barbie meets prom queen meets Stepford wife. There's nothing else to say, except we suddenly have the urge to wear more headbands.  Who: Issa Rae When: April 01, 2019 Wearing: Alberta Ferretti Why: Knit coordinates don't get enough love. Take Issa Rae, seen in New York City, for example. She's undeniably glam in this outfit, even though they're basically a pair of fancy sweats.  Who: Tracee Ellis Ross When: March 30, 2019 Wearing: Marc Jacobs Why: Giant, poofy dresses aren't for everyone, but you can't deny the force that is Tracee Ellis Ross at the NAACP Image Awards. We appreciate her ferocious commitment to making fashion fun.  Who: Kiernan Shipka  When: April 03, 2019  Wearing: Fendi Couture  Why: Shipka's style evolution keeps getting better and better. Worn to the NYC screening of  The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina: Part 2, we can't imagine this angelic look on any other nineteen-year-old. 
  Get ready for "Camp: Notes on Fashion." The Metropolitan Museum of Art's annual Costume Institute Gala, more commonly known as The Met Gala, is one of fashion's biggest nights. From haute couture to risk-taking beauty, The Met Gala has spawned some of the most memorable fashion moments of all time. With less than two weeks down to the annual event, here is everything we know about the 2019 Met Gala. The Met Gala is an annual fundraising event that was founded by fashion publicist Eleanor Lambert in 1948 to support and celebrate the opening of a new fashion exhibition every year at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The event started as a dinner hosted at midnight that guests could attend for $50 per ticket, with proceeds going to the Costume Institute.   Since 1995, the fundraising event has had a unique fashion theme for its guests to follow. Past themes have included 2004's "Dangerous Liaisons: Fashion and Furniture in the 18th Century,” 2001's “Jacqueline Kennedy: The White House Years,” 2013's "Punk: Chaos to Couture" and more. 2000 and 2002 were the only two years since 1995 that did not have a theme. Think that 2018's "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination," seems hard to top? The theme for the 2019's Met Gala is "Camp: Notes on Fashion," so expect the outrageous. The New York Times reported that the theme's inspiration comes from the 1964 essay "Notes on Camp" by Susan Sontag. Sontag once explained to the Partisan Review that "The essence of Camp is its love of the unnatural: of artifice and exaggeration." The author is often credited for "camp" becoming a mainstream concept.  Andrew Bolton, Head Curator at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute, told the New York Times that the "camp" theme feels extremely current."We are going through an extreme camp moment, and it felt very relevant to the cultural conversation to look at what is often dismissed as empty frivolity but can be actually a very sophisticated and powerful political tool, especially for marginalized cultures. Whether it’s pop camp, queer camp, high camp or political camp—Trump is a very camp figure—I think it’s very timely." Alessandro Michele, Gucci's creative director, defined the theme to the New York Times, stating that "Camp really means the unique ability of combining high art and pop culture; it is not kitsch." This year's Met Gala will be hosted by Lady Gaga and Harry Styles, both of whom are known for their outrageous and over-the-top fashion choices. Since the event is sponsored by Gucci this year, Alessandro Michele will be co-hosting the event alongside the musicians. Anna Wintour, Vogue editor-in chief, will also co-host, alongside Serena Williams, who launched her self-titled clothing line in May 2018. By tradition, the Met Gala is on the first Monday of every May. Last year, the Met Gala was on May 7, but this year's gala will take place on May 6. Every year, the Met Gala takes place at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art, home to the Costume Institute. The biggest rule of the Met Gala is "no selfies allowed," but that was first broken by Kendall Jenner back in 2015. Since then, both Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian have taken selfies at the Met Gala, so we can expect at least one picture from inside this year. Also not allowed? Smoking allowed inside the museum's bathrooms. Several pictures from last year's event showed celebrities smoking cigarettes during the event, which prompted the New York City Department of Health to get involved, according to WWD. Department of Health Commissioner Dr. Mary T. Bassett wrote a letter to the museum's vice president, stating that “We were dismayed to read reports that some celebrities chose smoking as their fashion accessory and flagrantly violated New York City’s smoking laws.” The Met Gala responded, saying that they'll “take steps to ensure this does not happen again.” Good thing everyone's taken up vaping. Smoking in the girls room #metgala @chardefrancesco @Courtney @alka_seltzer666 pic.twitter.com/hkNtBtDYzb Unfortunately not, but there are a few ways to see all the fashion from the annual event. This year, E! will be hosting a live special titled Live From the Red Carpet: The 2019 Met Gala special on Monday, May 6, starting at 5:00 p.m. ET. Last year, E! streamed the red carpet on Facebook Live, E! Online, the E! mobile app, Apple News, and YouTube, so it's very possible they will do the same thing this year. Before the red carpet, the network also aired a special version of E! News that went behind the scenes with the celebrities gearing up for the fashion event. Closer to the event, additional details about event coverage will be released.    Vogue, who is cohosting with the Met, will also stream the carpet live from their Facebook page. If all else fails, you can keep refreshing Instagram and Twitter.  Expect to see your favorite A-list celebrities attending the event. This includes regulars like Rihanna, Blake Lively, Selena Gomez, Zendaya, Priyanka Chopra, Katy Perry, Kylie Jenner, Kim Kardashian, Amal Clooney, and more.   Page Six reported that tickets can cost anywhere between $30,000 and $50,000 per person (excluding the even steeper six-figure price of having a table). Even though a ticket can technically be purchased, the person still has to be personally approved to attend the ceremony by Anna Wintour, since the gala is invite-only. 
 We love a strategically staged bikini shot, but there's more to beach style than choosing the perfect one-piece. It's the time to be bold: Rethink your beach outfit with resurrected classics, experiment with unexpected trends, and a (re)try a type of pant we thought died in 2001. Read on to see 15 sand-appropriate looks with this  Let's start with a classic: the sarong. Use it as a beach blanket, a skirt, or a dress. We especially love this all black look from H&M, which is a timeless outfit you won't regret in twenty years. Fruit is officially trending. Brands like Marc Jacobs and Insta-loved Staud are decorating traditional summer gear with bananas, cherries, and more tasty additions. Loewe's collaboration with Paula's Ibiza is all we want to wear this summer, from the vibrant prints and patchwork pants to bucket hats approved by A$AP Rocky. On the top of our wishlist is this blanket, which is essential for snuggling up to at a midnight bonfire.  If your style veers on the sportier side, you'll be happy to know that vintage nylon suits are back. We love this throwback color combo.  Nothing is more casual than a t-shirt dress at the beach. It packs away easily, dries quickly, and is the best anti-trend look we can think of.  If you're going to wear full-length jeans, opt for a baggier fit. It will feel less restrictive on a casual beach, and looks perfect with a billowy blouse.  The best part about wearing a one-piece swimsuit is the ease of throwing on a skirt and calling it a day. Push yourself further with a loud statement style like this Hawaiian dream from Ksenia Schnaider, an up-and-coming designer based in Kiev.  There is a wide array of dress options that work for the beach (including some we included here), but the easiest option is the wrap dress. It's basically a robe, but fancier.   We wear jumpsuits on almost any occasion, so of course we're wearing them oceanside. The way Madewell styled it is great if your beach gets chilly at night, pairing their jumpsuit with a denim jacket and simple brown sandals.  Cargo pants are officially back, but there's no need to be scared of this '90s slacker icon. Try this all-white ensemble with a belt bag. It is a fresh take on the Y2K throwback.  A button down is the perfect beach to boardwalk option. The collar automatically makes you look put together, even if you're fond of cheeky bikinis.  There are very few opportunities where you can wear a sexy, yet casual, dress. The beach is one, so take advantage of it.  The traditional Baja jacket found at a Venice Beach vendor got an makeover from The Elder Statesman. Instead of scratchy hemp, the brand reworked it in luxurious cashmere.  Beach pants are a must for summer, and we love the idea of a pair as a part of a matching set. Zara did us one better and designed an unexpected polo shirt, which is rarely worn at the beach.  We're not sure why board shorts became unpopular with women, but we're currently obsessed with this menswear style. OG brand Boardies is making their comeback, with printed sets for men we're dying to steal from our S.O.. 
 "Do you wish your baby came with an instructions manual?" Whether you're a mother, hope to have children some day, or simply know someone who answers to "Mom," Mother's Day is a special time to reflect on the unique journey of having a little one.  To celebrate all of the moments that go into raising a child—from the mesmerizing moment when you first meet your baby to wishing he or she came with an instruction manual—we asked three real mothers to speak openly. Hear what they have to say in the videos above (and meet their adorable kids), then shop the beautiful Swarovski pieces they wore below.  (Wardrobe: Brooks Brothers dress on Katie; Everlane dress, Paige shoes on Rayma; Mara Hoffman dress, Paige shoes on Samantha)
 As the denim editor of ELLE, I'm constantly searching for the best jeans. And as someone who is 5'8” (five inches taller than the nation’s average), I know the challenge of finding a pair that fits my long legs all too well. In the interest of research (and the job!) I’ve tried almost every denim brand. Here, I narrow the list down to the seven best pairs for those who experience tall-person struggles. Shop my faves ahead. Everlane makes an amazing black skinny jean with an 11" rise that rings in at under $70. High-waisted jeans automatically lengthen my legs, so these are no slouch.  The Feel Studio makes the most classic jean that's perfect for everyday life. They offer two different lengths, including one for taller gals with a 32.5" inseam.  I love these jeans because they are a true black rinse that will not fade. The raw edge is a cool touch that looks cute with both boots and sneakers. A true '90s, no-stretch jean rarely comes in white, but Goldsign has answered our prayers. They're slim on the leg and hit right above my ankle. Consider these to be a summer go to.  The price on these Khaite jeans make them a serious investment, but they are worth every penny. Refined details like lacquered buttons and stretchy Japanese cotton make them office-friendly.  Flares are back, and we're relying on Aritizia for a good cut. The Canadian brand recently relaunched their denim collection and it is a tall girl's dream: this one has an insane 34" inseam.  Dark gray jeans are underrated—everyone should give them a try. The waist on this pair is flattering and the ankle-length is perfection. 
  The journey to this Gwendoline Christie interview starts where she does—in London. Woolmark has invited 12 designers to compete for their prestigious international fashion prize in the UK capital, and Christie is one of the judges. She meets with candidates like Brandon Maxwell and Angel Chen, reviews their designs, and hotly debates their fates with style pros like Alber Elbaz.   I ♥️ LEGEND @alberelbaz8 !!!!!!!! Thank you @thewoolmarkcompany 🧶 A post shared by  Gwendoline Christie (@gwendolineuniverse) on Feb 16, 2019 at 12:01pm PST  “My schedule was insane, but I made the time, because I’ve known about the Woolmark Prize for a long time. My partner, [designer] Giles [Deacon], my late friend Richard Nicoll… I know so many people who came from the Woolmark Prize. And I like that wool itself comes from nature; it’s sustainable; it’s environmentally friendly…Getting to judge the competition was a real delight. I mean, I know I’m an actor,” she says—the reported 70+ million people watching her star turn on Game of Thrones know it too—“but I really love design.” If we had a narrator, this is where they’d boom: “She really does.”  In the span of 25 minutes, Christie names die-hard fashion fixtures like educator Louise Wilson and activist Sinead Burke; she raves about Japanese dyeing techniques; she rhapsodizes about emerging artiste and Woolmark Prize winner Edward Crutchley with the passion of Kanye discussing Kanye. “He made grunge-style tie-dye and put it on an American college jacket!” she exclaims. “He also took iconic forms of leather jacket and combined it with 18th-century frock coats. And he did it with wool! That kind of elevation in design is the mark of great designers. I felt like we’d found a new voice. For him, it’s not about gender—it’s about what’s decorative and beautiful…it’s really the essence of design.” If you’re a fashion nerd, you should pore through Crutchley’s latest collection immediately. If you’re a drama geek, however, hang on, because Christie is just as keen to dish about her post-Thrones gig in A Midsummer Night’s Dream. Directed by Nicholas Hytner, the production marks a Stark departure from Christie’s warrior past and casts her as Titania, the mythic Queen of the Faeries. “But there’s a twist,” Christie reveals. “In this production, Titania speaks all of [King] Oberon’s lines, and he speaks all of hers. She’s in charge of the forest; she makes him fall in love with a donkey and make a fool of himself. It’s a total power shift in the script.” "Do you know what? It’s so hard to move in Brienne’s costume." Of course, there’s another power shift hanging over all this—the one on Sunday night's episode of GoT where Christie’s beloved Brienne of Tarth gets knighted by Jaime Lannister. It was the culmination of blood, sweat, tears, and one very grumpy bear. It also put considerable weight on Christie’s shoulders, and not just emotionally. “Do you know what? It’s so hard to move in Brienne’s costume. Her armor weighs two stone,” which is about 28 pounds. “You put it on for the first time, and you can’t move,” shares Christie. That makes Brienne's feats of fighting all the more formidable. “So as the character, you’ve got an obstacle to overcome just to move in your own clothing. I think that’s a really interesting insight,” she says of her character's journey. “It always starts in part with the costume, because clothing is really important. It’s the language we choose to communicate how we feel about ourselves.”   “I’ve always had a strong sense of how I like to present myself, and the dialogue I want to have with society through what I wear,” Christie says. “I mean, obviously, I love aesthetics and design. I take it seriously. But Brienne allowed me to investigate my physicality—being a tall woman, being someone strong—in a way I hadn’t felt comfortable doing before. Before her, I felt the constraints of society dictating women should look a certain way, including me." "Brienne allowed me to investigate my physicality in a way I hadn’t felt comfortable doing before." The knight, whose priorities are honor and being battle-ready, really couldn't care less about what she looks like: "For me to strip away the conventional signs of femininity—no makeup, short hair, no skirts, no heels—it was fascinating and frightening. It was scary. I had to face up to who I was, and embrace that and make it work…But this part allowed me to do that. What I love about playing her is that she’s the antithesis of a patriarchal society. She doesn’t give into it; she’s unashamedly herself. And I think her physical and moral strength is really part of the same thing. And the armor—well, it’s empowering pushing against all that weight. But it’s also so hard.”  Not so hard: keeping GoT secrets about Brienne’s fate. Listen, we tried. Christie is equally tight-lipped about her relationship with Kate Moss, who’s both her friend and her modeling agent. (Really.) “I love Kate, she’s fantastic, and she is my agent—how about that, huh?” Christie laughs. “But I’d much rather talk about the Woolmark Prize. Can I tell you something else about Edward Crutchley?” she asks earnestly.   Sure, I reply. Can we buy his clothes anywhere? (The answer is yes.) “I wish I was as passionate about that part,” Christie sighs. “The practical side. But for me, it’s just about how incredible the designs are. How the loom he was using had never made a piece of fabric as big as the one he created. All that innovation and art…I mean, what is life without beauty?” Life without beauty? It’s probably something like winter…and Christie's already been there, done that.
 Warm weather is finally trickling in...with a harsh reminder that we haven't had a pedicure in five months. Don't freak out— we’ve rounded up the seven biggest sandal trends that are so cute, no one will even notice your feet. Or at the very least, will inspire you to get to the salon ASAP. Shop our edit of the best open-toed mules, rainbow platforms, and chic Chanel sandals masquerading as Dad shoes, ahead. No matter how many pairs of shoes we own, nothing feels more natural than slipping on a pair of basic brown slides during the summer. Ancient Greek Sandals makes the best kinds.  There's no greater satisfaction than someone complimenting your shoes, and you responding "Thanks! They're from Target."  For a heeled pair, look to this Steve Madden style, which will look great at a summer wedding.  The kitten heel thong is a variation on the barely-there prom shoe trend we’ve recently discussed, and we're obsessed. This neon pair mashes up '90s minimalism with the garish aesthetic of the 2000s. Warm caramel colored sandals like these will look great with jeans and little white dresses, which is basically our summer uniform.  When it comes to retro silhouettes with a modern twist, Staud comes first.  Outdoorsy inspired clothing is taking over this summer, hence the uptick in rubber-soled, strappy sandals your dad would wear. Designers like Chanel are creating high-fashion versions, but Chacos are the originators.  The treaded sole on this pair will help walking through gravel easier, but we don't know if you'll want to in Dries Van Noten.  Neoprene sandals are perfect for a pool party, if you're willing to wear Chanel to a pool party.  We're loving the technicolor shoe trend, which looks best as a strappy sandal. Marni's version gets even kookier with a studded sole.  Camper is best known for their functional gear, but if they keep making sandals this good, they’re going to be a go-to for stylish picks as well.  If you haven’t been paying attention to Madewell's footwear line, look alive. They make comfort look cute.  It's been a minute since we've worn a heel this high, but the mega platform is back with a vengeance. What better way to return to the trend than Jessica Simpson's OG Dany sandals- i.e. the shoe that every blogger wore in 2007.  Miu Miu's take is made for prom, even if you're well past the age of attending high school dances.  We're daydreaming of wearing this plaid Prada sandal with everything.   Seashells are being thrown on everything this summer: bags, jewelry, dresses, and finally, sandals. This pair is made for feet-in-sand Instagrams.  Loeffler Randall's subtle take on the trend will pack easily for your next summer vacay.  For those who rarely venture outside of an all-black wardrobe, try the seashell trend with this neutral pair.  If Lizzie McGuire's sandals went too deep into the ugly shoe realm for you, opt for Topshop's animalistic pair, which is way easier to digest. I can't stop thinking about these shoes. They're weird, and that's why I love them.  ASOS took a minimalist approach to the trend, which looks more 2019 than 1997.  The new wave of sculpture heels are good enough to be shown at the Louvre. Jacquemus is leading this trend with a mismatched iteration that is simply gorgeous. Who needs a block mule when you can have a funkier shaped-heel like this?  This heel is the mullet of sandals: party in the back, business in the front.
 The fourth iteration of Mademoiselle Privé, an immersive exhibition dedicated to the three creative houses of Chanel, just landed at Shanghai's West Bund Art Center for a six-week stint. The traveling exhibition has already made stopovers in Seoul, Hong Kong, and London—and though the contents and intent remain the same, the design is completely different each time. With 6000 square meters of space at the West Bund Art Center, there is much room to play with this time around. Click through for a look at the exhibit.   The exhibit begins with this painted door by the late Karl Lagerfeld. On this door you'll see the two words "Mademoiselle Privé", representing the signature door to Gabrielle Chanel's creation studio on Rue Cambon in Paris. Pathways on the floor lead the way to the three houses on the mezzanine level, which highlight the house's three creative endeavors: Haute Couture, High Jewelry, and Chanel No.5 perfume. On the ground floor, there is a seating area with a small library containing books on Karl Lagerfeld and Coco Chanel. The entrance to Chanel No.5 In the world of Chanel No.5, we enter into a dark floral wonderland. A display of lit-up iconic bottles and paper flowers come to life as we walk in. Each paper flower cluster represents a component that goes into making the perfume, which was first conceived in 1921 by perfumer Ernest Beaux. The architectural bottle design has become and remained an iconic feature of the perfume. Video displays showing the evolution of Chanel No.5 and its reimagining by Olivier Polge. In 31 Rue Cambon, we're invited to discover the world of Chanel Haute Couture. The installation is draped in "curtains" of various fabrics used in the collections, from organzas and tweeds to chiffons. It's meant to be a tactile experience as well as a visual one. There is a maze-like feeling to this one, as we navigate through seven collections, each vignette focusing on a particular material. This one features the 3D Suit, a suit made without a single stitch. A peek at Karl Lagerfeld's sketches, where it all begins. Tweed, of course, has been a mainstay in Gabrielle Chanel's collections since she discovered it on her trips to Scotland. It is reinvented each season by the House of Lesage. Embroideries using wood and other natural materials are highlighted in this Spring/Summer 2016 collection. Neoprene gets an elevated makeover in the Fall/Winter 2014/15 collection. Architectural concrete bits appear in the netting and embroideries of these suits and dresses. The entrance to 18 Place Vendôme, the location of Chanel's High Jewelry atelier. For this exhibition, Chanel collaborated with local artist Wu Guanzhen to reinterpret Gabrielle Chanel's Coromandel screens, which were a source of inspiration for her. His three lacquered screens are titled "Lofty Mountain," "Early Spring", and "Garden of Pleasure".
 It's been 10 years since Tabitha Simmons burst on to the scene with her eponymous line of shoes and to celebrate, the stylist and designer is debuting a brand new capsule collection with Bergdorf Goodman. "Bergdorfs has been such a special store for me," the designer told ELLE.com at a party for the collection. "They were the first store that picked up my shoes such a long time ago. They really believed in me and they still believe in me, I'll do anything for Bergdorfs!" Made up of four classic styles— the Leticia, Millie, Rise, and Rise Flat—the ultra feminine shapes feature menswear influenced patterns, houndstooth, leopard and plaid, created in a 7th generation English silk mill exclusively for the brand. Shop the collection below. 
 Your new go-to apps for affordable crop tops, swimwear, and summer dresses. If your phone has basically become another appendage, you know the beauty of shopping from apps. After all, there's nothing better than the endless scroll and easy-to-use experience many of them can offer. Now that spring has finally sprung and summer is on the horizon, we're guessing you're in need of a wardrobe update. Use these five apps to get started no matter what kind of shopper you may be.  With over 200 million items available to explore, there’s next to nothing that you can’t find at a ridiculously low price on Wish. If you’re looking for $10 rompers, $5 maxi dresses or $1 anklets, this is the place to go. Download for music festival outfits, beach wear, or a complete spring wardrobe overhaul at the very best price.  Free, Android and iOS If you’re an "every day is a new day" type of person, this shopping app is definitely for you. Zulily transforms its store daily thanks to new incoming inventory that keeps the shopping experience feeling fresh every time you refresh. Download for discounted name brand summer bags, floral dresses, and loads of denim. Free, Android and iOS  This shopping app is chock full of resale flowy dresses, summer tees, activewear and summer-ready shoes. Just create your size profile, and you’ll be served up items sure to fit so you can be in and out in no time. Narrow down by your favorite brands from lululemon to Saint Laurent for an even speedier check out.  Free, Android and iOS  If you're on the hunt for the hottest summer sneakers and want to try them on without leaving home, check out Wanna Kicks. This app uses augmented reality to let you see how each pair of shoes will look on you before you make a purchase.  Free, iOS Go with OfferUp if you're in need of a last-minute fashion fix. As the largest mobile marketplace for local buyers and sellers, this platform has tons of great fashion finds to discover. Look for sunglasses, totes and tees that are available to pick up near you.Free, Android and iOS
 When Avengers: End Game finally hits theaters this week, we'll see our favorite superheroes go toe-to-toe to save the universe in an epic battle. But on Monday night in Los Angeles, the stars of the upcoming film united, dressed in their finest threads to celebrate the film's premiere. Brie Larson gave a nod to Thanos with infinity stones-inspired jewelry; several stars leaned into spring with pastel and vibrant colored get-ups; and thigh-high slits were all the rage. Here's a rundown of the best looks of the night.  In custom Celine and Irene Neuwirth jewelry. In Ronald van der Kemp Haute Couture. In Dior. Schwarzenegger in Monique Lhuillier.  Hemsworth in Etro. Both in Saint Laurent.  In Christopher Kane. In Chloe Gosselin. In G. Label with Jimmy Choo shoes. In Givenchy Haute Couture. Johansson in Atelier Versace. In custom Salvatore Ferragamo. Cheadle in Strong Suit.  Josh in Dior. In Armani Prive and Nicholas Kirkwood shoes.
 New season, new bags.  Spring is a season of renewal—and for some that means a refresh on the handbag front. Well-known labels are great, but if you're in the market for up-and-coming designers who are changing the game (and worth the investment) this story is for you. From all-vegan goods to an Italian export that already counts Rihanna as a fan, these are the eleven emerging brands of 2019. Created by twin sisters Giulia and Camilla Venturini, these Italian goods resemble chic shopping bags (and make every errand feel like a luxurious shopping spree!) Available in a variety of bright colors and sizes, Rihanna was recently spotted wearing a mini suede version to a Fenty Beauty event.  Designed and handmade in Indonesia, Alfeya Valrina is setting out to promote ethical fashion practices with conscious fabric sourcing, fair labor production, and more. Her punchy colors made a splash during New York Fashion Week with the industry's cool crowd.  Nico Ganni's bags are inspired by '50s and '60s interior design. These vintage silhouettes will make the most casual outfit feel put together.  Ratio Et Motus is on the pricier end, but the new fine leather brand is worth the splurge. Their refined aesthetic focuses on longevity over fast trends, which means you'll be able to wear the bag for years to come.  Made with vegan leather and recycled plastic bottles, JW PEI's lightweight bags make sustainable fashion look good.  With '90s nostalgia still going strong, shoulder bags have made a come back. Imago-A nails the aesthetic with this perfectly shaped style that comes in a range of hues.  Inspired by the founders' love of architecture, Kozha Numbers bags are made with intricate details that add an edge to your wardrobe.  Cafune is a Portuguese term for 'playing with a lover's hair.' It's a fitting name for this bag brand, whose styles are rife with feminine details. Created by Costa Rican-born model Elke Ruge and her two daughters, Montunas is inspired by their native country. These vibrant bags feature patterns of Costa Rican landscapes, ideal for summer dressing.  Pronounced 'good', Gu_de is a '70s inspired bag brand that features timeless silhouettes with a twist, like this PVC and croc embossed top-handle.  Already a favorite amongst the fashion crowd, Wandler produces luxurious leather bags that come in distinct, geometric shapes. 
 Four eco-friendly factors to consider. Sometimes the best intentions never see the light of day because, well, starting can be hard. Being a more eco-conscious shopper is something 99.99 percent of people would probably say they want, but pulling the trigger and making a change? It can feel daunting. The good news? Adopting a shopping stance that's better for the environment can be easy—and doesn't require you to forgo trends or pretty pieces that make you happy. Inspired by Sperry's Bionic range, a collection made with materials recycled from plastic trash recovered from marine environments, we decided to round up some of the easiest ways to reframe your retail habits. Sperry Bionic Boat Shoe SHOP NOW The issue of plastic pollution in our oceans has attracted a lot of attention (reference the neat nationwide obsession with forgoing plastic drinking straws). Happily, plenty of brands whose ethos is connected to the water have found ways to make the most of a bad situation by using reclaimed plastic to create special fabrics.  When creating its Bionic collection—and launching its overall sustainability platform, Look Good. Do Good.—Sperry partnered with Waterkeeper Alliance, a non-profit focused on maintaining ocean health. The styles in the Bionic range are made with material spun from plastic recovered from marine and coastal environments.   Vitamin A Bikini SHOP NOW Others are looking to recycle old fabric into something new: Madewell has turned shoppers' old denim into housing insulation used by Habitat for Humanity. Swimwear retailer Everything But Water has made a point to support green labels, like the above suit that's made from recycled nylon. Amur Silk Dress SHOP NOW While recycling is fantastic, new materials can also be utilized with a conscious mindset that greatly reduces the traditional footprint. Consider all parts of a garment's journey, from where and how the fabric is harvested to the dyes that are being used to color it. Eco-minded label Amur only uses natural or regenerated fabrics and prints digitally, since it uses less water and energy than traditional methods. Odette New York Hoops SHOP NOW Along with shopping retailers like Sperry who have pledged to make eco-minded changes in their business practices, consider supporting fledgling artisanal brands. Jewelry is the ideal category to shop small: It's easy to find artists who are crafting special pieces using recycled materials or remnants. With a relatively small amount being made, you're also likely to end up with earrings or a bracelet that feel utterly unique. 
 In recent years, a wealth of brands from high-end to affordable have been on a mission to change the way conscious fashion is viewed. Now more than ever, shoppers are asking all the right questions. "Who are the people producing the clothes I buy? Where are these clothing being sourced? What materials are being used to make these clothes?" Wonder no more. In honor of Earth Day, we've rounded up 22 sustainable fashion brands that are not only good for your wallet and the environment but for your conscious, too. "I recently discovered this line of pretty and playful slippers and they have officially become part of my everyday uniform. Not only are they super comfy but they are also super sustainable, with all designs being handmade by Moroccan craftspeople with recycled carpets." - Amanda Hearst Bleusalt's mission is simple: To create luxurious, comfortable clothing without harming the environment. Bleusalt's signature fabric is made from beechwood, which entirely vegan. Customers also receive their Bleusalt goods in recycled boxes—never plastic.  "Ballen Pellettiere accessories are all about celebrating Colombian fashion and the stunning artisan craft that comes out of the country. Playful embroidery paired with unique shapes are the bags’ trademark style - and shopping these handmade pieces are a great alternative to the fast fashion accessories currently filling up our closets (and landfills)." - Amanda Hearst This year Polo Ralph Lauren launched an eco-friendly iteration of its iconic silhouette. The Earth Polo is made entirely of recycled water bottles and comes in a small assortment of colors, including green, white, and blue. The brand's latest offering is part of its commitment to recycle 170 million plastic bottles by 2025. "As a huge animal lover, I’m always on the hunt for cruelty-free fashion. Thankfully, I found Naghedi, a vegan accessories line that makes fashionable handbags out of folded and woven neoprene. The bags are chic, durable and the perfect entree into the animal-friendly fashion space." - Amanda Hearst  Every piece of clothing Patagonia designs is made with natural and recycled fabrics, including organic cotton, recycled down (collected from old bedding and furniture), recycled wool, among others. The brand also donates one percent of sales to help boost grassroots organizations.  "Ayni strikes the perfect balance between making flattering knits that are also unique and sustainable. The brand’s funky boleros and fashion-forward woven dresses are designed and handmade in Peru by a cooperative of female artisans. The women only use natural materials like organic cotton and alpaca, which is the perfect alternative to all the plastic in our wardrobes right now. Goodbye, rayon!" - Amanda Hearst Reformation has become known for melding cool-girl style with sustainability. When you click on any item on the Reformation site, there's a breakdown of its environmental impact, ensuring shoppers feel great about the items they purchase.  "There’s a lot of talk about sustainable fashion but not as many people know that jewelry can - and should! - be sustainably made as well. Pili Restrepo is an ideal example of a cool company creating original designs while also respecting the environment and its workers. Every piece is handmade in NY by master artisans who use Fairmined, mercury-free and recycled 14K gold along with ethically-sourced stones." - Amanda Hearst All of Nisolo's materials are ethically sourced and the brand uses eco-friendly waste disposal systems. Nisolo also launched its Shoe Reclamation program in partnership with Soles 4 Souls, which encourages shoppers to donate their shoes to entrepreneurs in developing countries so they can repair and resell shoes in their communities. "From Nicky Hilton to Leandra Medine, fashion influencers have been embracing Alejandra Alonso Rojas’ sustainably-conscious fashion line.  Her pieces are timeless and elegant - and super in-demand because she doesn’t overproduce. The designer also opts for silk, wool and other natural and biodegradable materials which are good for you and good for the environment." - Amanda Hearst Brother Vellies relies on vegetable dye for its products, which has far less damage on the environment than chemical dyes. The brand prides itself on practicing "slow fashion" so customers receive durable, timeless shoes that'll last years.  "To celebrate Earth Day, my company MAISON DE MODE collaborated with DOU.K Studio on the cutest set of eco-friendly PJ’s! This top-and-bottom set - which can also be worn separately as daywear - is made with OEKO-TEX 100 certified fabrics (aka natural and organic) and they are embroidered with “ECO(LOGIC)” on the pant cuff and and “DOWN-TO-EARTH” on the breast pocket. Talk about wearing your values!" - Amanda Hearst Ever wondered how much it costs to make your favorite Everlane Cashmere sweater? Just look at Everlane's site, which provides customers with a breakdown of the production process, from materials to labor and transportation. It shouldn't cost an arm and a leg to do right by the environment. That's why Pact's organic cotton clothing are affordable (most items are under $50). The brand also keeps track of how much water organic cotton saves versus traditional cotton fabric.  According to the brand, Outdoor Voices uses recycled polyester and used water bottles to create its breathable activewear, keeping "OV in your gym bag and out of landfills." Kotn is completely transparent with its sustainable practices. The brand's site details where and how they source its trademark Egyptian cotton, the people creating each item, and its charitable contributions. With every purchase made, Kotn donates sales to provide quality education to the children in the Nile Delta, where the brand sources its materials.  This Meghan Markle-approved brand practices sustainability from the production process down to transportation. Cuyana creates its timeless, luxury goods in the same places they source their materials. Cuyana also launched Lean Closet, a program that encourages buyers to pare down their closet by buying essential pieces and donating unwanted goods to H.E.A.R.T. Every piece in the brand's offering is produced from all-natural and biodegradable materials while still focusing on comfortability and durability. Added bonus? The fabrics are sourced from certified eco-friendly suppliers, mills, and farmers. People Tree's collections are made of organic cotton, TENCEL™ Lyocell and responsible wool, and are free of harmful dyes. The brand doesn't consider the artisans, farmers, and producers they recruit to create its handmade and hand-embroidered pieces as "employees," they’re "partners." People Tree "partners" are treated fairly and given fair wages, good working conditions, and authenticity.  Everyday is Earth Day at Girlfriend Collective. You know the old water bottles and fishnets you likely see at your local beaches? Girlfriend Collective recycles those and turns them into soft, universally-flattering sportswear. When producing its handmade jewelry, Agmes makes sure no metal goes to waste. Using recycled metals, the brand churns out sculptural pieces inspired by modern art and architecture.  
 And two ways to style each of them. When someone's e-signature reads "digital style director," you know they know their stuff. Being a skilled shopper and outfit-putter-together is part of the job for ELLE.com's Nikki Ogunnaike, and amongst all the season-specific pieces you'll see her wearing to fashion weeks around the globe, a few favorites pop up time and time again.  "I really like to have a plain white tee, a great denim jacket, and one pair of jeans that I can always reach for. Those are the tools that I use, especially when I’m traveling, to mix and match. "I have a fairly encyclopedic knowledge of what my wardrobe looks like at any given second. If I'm looking to intro a new style that's not one of my staples, I'll think about how it can mix in with them. If I'm really confused I'll call my sister and say, 'I'm thinking about getting this; how can I wear it?' Since we both know each other's wardrobes pretty well, we have that conversation frequently." Here, she talks us through the three pieces she always has on rotation, plus two ways to style them. SEE THE PRICE "I'm always looking for a higher neckline like a crew, something that's structured so it looks like I'm deliberately wearing a t-shirt, not like I rolled out of bed, pulled on a t-shirt and came to work. A slightly thicker material is vital so my bra doesn't peek through," she says. "I wear blazers a lot, and since I'm inherently a more casual dresser, I tend to layer a t-shirt underneath it. It's also a nice canvas to highlight jewelry; layered necklaces look great against a white tee."  The key to making your t-shirt work for any outfit, work or weekend, is keeping it as pristine as possible. That means washing with like colors—especially a white one—and trying to hang dry rather than putting it through the high temperatures of a machine. Styled with: (top) Tibi Blazer and Trousers, Attico Boots; (bottom) AG Jeans The Rhett Jeans, Paris Texas Boots, Melody Ehsani Necklace SEE THE PRICE "You can wear a jean jacket with all sorts of stuff: as a shirt on its own, with a t-shirt or turtleneck layered underneath, or open over a dress. I treat this white version the way I would blue denim—it's just as versatile and a nice alternative. Everyone reaches for a classic indigo, but you can get just as much range out of white."  When tucking into pants, look for a high-waisted style; since most denim jackets fall above the hip bone, it can be tricky to get them to stay tucked into anything else.  Styled with: (top) Zara Pants, Paris Texas Mules, Jennifer Fisher Earrings (bottom) Topshop Sweater, Wilfred Free Pants, Paris Texas Boots, Louise Olsen Earrings SEE THE PRICE "I always chose a jean that hits above the ankle or right below, because that way I know I won’t have to get it hemmed and can wear with flats or heels and it'll look good. Straight-leg or slightly wide cuts are my go-tos too since any type of shoe works."  Making the boyfriend-ish cut work for a sexy night out is as easy as tying a shirt at the navel and putting on heels. The versatility lets it swing to the other side of the pendulum too: A sporty crewneck sweatshirt and sneakers look just as appropriate. Styled with: (top) Zara Shirt, Brother Vellies Mules, Jennifer Fisher Earrings (bottom) Nike Sweatshirt and Sneakers, Jennifer Fisher Rings
 Alert: Mother's Day is officially twenty-three days away. And for moms to be, this day is especially important. The ones you know have probably already prepared with  lamaze classes and a library's worth of parenting books, spoil her in a different way before the baby arrives. In this round up of gifts she needs, you'll find practical home goods, thoughtful beauty picks, and the epitome of luxury—a good mattress.   Cutting it close to the deadline? Check out our roundup of last-minute Mother's Day gifts. The greatest advice for expecting parents is to get all the sleep now, before baby turns your house into circus. This pregnancy pillow will literally support the mom and the baby as they rest.  "Mom" jewelry can get a little cheesy, but this enamel ring makes it playfully chic.  She can take the digital approach to saving memories like this wholesome man on Twitter, or she can write it down in a journal, the old-school way . Nursing bras can be ugly, but Third Love's made the kind she'll want to wear every day.  The last thing a pregnant woman wants to do is tie her shoelaces. Get her a pair of comfortable slip-ons, instead.  The only thing better than bread is freshly made bread. This machine does just that, with a gluten-free setting too!  If you're going to gift actual maternity wear check out Hatch. They make the cutest mommy clothes that can also be worn post-pregnancy.  Nothing gets more personal than this. Commission an Etsy artist for a portrait of the parents to commemorate their pre-baby journey.  Taking care of a baby bump is no joke. Make sure the mother is set with this belly oil, made of natural, nutrient-rich ingredients like Rosehip oil.  Compression socks give them the support they didn't know they needed. Their calves will thank you.  Diaper bags can get a little boring. Give them one that isn't.  We can wax poetic about Michelle Obama's autobiography all day long, and so will she once you gift her this inspiration book.  Mother's Day gifting and bathrobes go hand in hand. Get her the best with Snowe's luxurious style.  Pregnant or not, everyone deserves a foot rub. This top-rated electronic massager is heavenly.  A pregnant ma can't have coffee just yet, so she's knee-deep in a tea obsession. This mug will keep her cuppa warm for hours.  Once her baby arrives, she won't be able to wear statement earrings for years. Get her a fun pair to wear ASAP.  She might cry if you give her a new mattress, and it will have nothing to do with hormones. It's just a really great gift. Parachute's brand-new style is ideal for babies, made of New Zealand wool and 100% organic cotton. 
 You've got your seven-step nightly skincare routine down pat―so why don't you care for your quality fashion pieces the way you care for your complexion?  Just like "squeaky clean" cleansers can strip your skin of its natural moisture barrier, cheap detergents fade the color and texture on your favorite denim fast. That's why Tide formulated its new Studio by Tide Darks and Colors (available at Walmart!): to keep your jeans, more delicate than you think, from fading, fraying, or otherwise having a shortened life span.    Here, Tide Senior Scientist Jennifer Ahoni breaks down exactly how we should all be washing our blue jeans, baby.  You know how your hairdresser is always begging you to come in for toner between dye jobs? That's because hair color fades every time you wash it, and the same rule of thumb applies to dark denim. It's crucial to use a detergent that's specifically formulated to lock in color, like Studio by Tide Darks and Colors. "The formula contains special ingredients that bind to chlorine in the wash water to help prevent fading over time," explains Ahoni. "It also has technology that trims down broken and stray fibers to keep dark denim looking newer longer." Hate to break it to you, but blindly turning the dial on your washer to whatever cycle feels right in the moment (or considering "regular" your ride or die) isn't exactly a roadmap to great denim. According to Ahoni, you should actually be treating your jean jacket the way you handle your laciest lingerie—by using the delicates cycle. "You should use the delicate or gentle cycle to help preserve the denim’s finish and help minimize shrinking," Ahoni says. "[And since] denim can get pretty heavy when wet, wash it separately from other delicate garments." (P.S., if you're hooked on distressed or fringe-ankle jeans, Studio by Tide Delicates detergent is extra gentle). Denim's unique texture requires extra care, especially when it's dark, fringed, or vintage. Always read the wash instructions on your favorite piece's label, but, as a rule, most denim will thrive when washed in cold water. Per Ahoni, it helps "protect the integrity of fibers and helps to minimize fading." "This is especially important for dark denim as deep indigo dyes are notorious for losing color or bleeding onto other close fabrics," she adds. "It’s important to use a detergent like Studio by Tide that is designed to still deliver a gentle clean, even in cold wash temperatures."
 They come in seven different colors. Fans of Everlane have been asking for sneakers and now the company has turned everyone's wishes into reality, announcing kicks will officially be available to shop on April 25. The unisex style, called Tread by Everlane, costs less than $100 and is available in men’s sizes 7 to 13 and women’s sizes 5 to 12. They're slightly chunky, but not on a dad sneaker level, and come in seven different colors, from your basic white and black to silver and blush pink.    As for why it took so long for Everlane to come out with a sneaker (they currently sell a mix of flats, sandals, boots, and loafers), it's because the brand was busy perfecting the recipe for an earth-friendly shoe. The trainers are made with leather for durability and almost no virgin plastic—the sole is 94.2 percent free of virgin plastic, which means 18,000 pounds of rubber were kept out of landfills. Meanwhile, the laces, lining, and strobel board (a part that attaches the upper to the midsole) are made with recycled plastic.   This launch is in line with Everlane's mission to remove all virgin plastic from its supply chain by 2021. Just last fall, the brand introduced its ReNew line, featuring clothes and sweaters made from recycled plastic bottles. While you wait for the sneakers to become shoppable (next week can't come soon enough), check out the rest of the colors so you can easily add your favorite one to cart when it's time.   
From: Marie Claire US

 If you've ever tried on a pair of Madewell jeans you know they make some of the best denim. The brand has become a go-to for those looking for modern jeans that have a subtle vintage quality, producing wins like those wide-leg cropped jeans you've seen on half the women in Brooklyn, and their high-rise skinnies that actually hit above your belly button. One of their most popular styles? The universally flattering Cali bootcut—and it's finally on sale.   as you can see / our love for denim knows no bounds. shop more picks we’re heart-eyes over—link in bio. #denimmadewell A post shared by  Madewell (@madewell) on Feb 9, 2019 at 3:17pm PST Marked down at Nordstrom's famous sale, the 'Bess' colorway is everything you want in a springtime jean: A faded medium wash; A high, button-fly rise that sits comfortably at your natural waist; An ankle-cut inseam that will make your legs look impossibly long; And, most importantly, a hem that's just distressed enough that your grandma won't ask "Why did you buy a pair of ripped jeans?"  Priced generously at $60 from its original $135 ticket, they're still available in a range of sizes. Cop them now before they sell out.  Burberry's trench coat is a classic, and they applied their iconic checkered pattern all over this style. It's perfection.  This lightweight tote is the ideal beach bag. Disclaimer: sand will get into this.  This boot was a fashion industry favorite, and they are finally on sale. Get them now, and they'll be just as popular next fall.  Polo Ralph Lauren is making a major comeback, and we can't get enough of that little bear. An alternative motif, however, is their knitted American flag.  This is one of my favorite sports bra. It offers support on the most sorest days, but doesn't feel restrictive.  Much like their denim, Madewell's Transport tote is the stuff of legends. It's super sturdy and makes for a great everyday bag.  Vacation hats are always hard to pack, because the fear of smushing them is high. You'll live in this indestructible style by Eugenia Kim, no matter where you are.  Reformation dresses are a spring staple, but this ballerina silhouette is ideal for the season's unpredictable weather. 
 Last February, the fashion world mourned the loss of Karl Lagerfeld who passed away shortly before the fall 2019 Chanel and Fendi fashion shows. At Chanel there was small moment of silence, while at Fendi the brand paid tribute to "Karl's unparalleled creativity and timeless legacy," with a small video tribute. This July, Fendi is taking things one step further, staging a proper farewell tribute to Lagerfeld at their Rome couture show.  According to WWD, Bernard Arnault, chairman and chief executive officer of LVMH, spoke fondly of Lagerfeld at a meeting early Thursday morning, who he called "the soul of the house since many years" before announcing the couture runway show that will "reprise all his creations during his time at Fendi.”  Thank you Karl for the most beautiful journeyWith all our loveYour Fendi family pic.twitter.com/RCRcdg9bRM The tribute show will take place on July 4, although the brand hasn't announced an exact location. A spokesperson for the brand told the outlet that the couture collection, which will be designed by Silvia Venturini Fendi and the creative team, will be on display in Rome following the show.  At Karl Lagerfeld's last Fendi collection in Milan earlier this year, models walked out with a sign that read "Love, Karl" at the runway marquee. Lagerfeld was the creative director of Fendi for 54 years and in the show's notes, Silvia Venturini Fendi remembered her dear friend.   “The bond between Karl Lagerfeld and Fendi is fashion’s longest love story, one that will continue to touch our lives for years to come. I am profoundly saddened by his passing and deeply touched by his constant care and perseverance until the very end," the quote read. "When we called just a few days before the show, his only thoughts were on the richness and beauty of the Collection. It’s a true testament to his character. He shall be so missed."
 Four trending destinations, four great bags. Vacation means editing down your closet to the best of the best, and tight suitcase space typically demands that only the most vital accessories make the journey. As space-hoggers, bags are usually limited to one or two per trip, so it's smart to put thought into the shape and size that’s best for wherever you're headed.  After consulting a list of trending travel destinations for 2019, we settled on four locations with different enough vibes to require something particular out of the bag you carry. Whether it's extra room for beach gear or street style-inspired flair, there's something for every type of vacation.  Here, see the style we’d suggest bringing along for the journey, then shop it (plus full travel looks). INC International Concepts Bag SEE THE PRICE For cities with itineraries that are likely to be packed with walking, exploring, and taking in the fresh air, the bag you carry needs to be roomy enough for a full day spent out and about. Aspen, with its beautiful landscapes, is the type of destination where you're unlikely to spend much time holed up inside.  The practical bucket bag is an MVP here, and the pattern you pick can take it from essential to extraordinary. A brown and black snakeskin print is a neutral with a touch of attitude. Styled with: INC International Concepts Metallic Trench Coat; INC International Concepts Sequined Sweater; INC International Concepts Jeans; Adidas Hat Radley London Bag SEE THE PRICE Some places are made for vacation, and Palm Springs, with its gorgeous landscapes and sunny days, is one of them. Pick a small-size style that will work as a crossbody during the day, then magically transition it to evening by removing the long strap.  If your destination has a style vibe associated with it, the bag you pack can be a fun opportunity to play up that DNA. A rounded top handle bag with a retro feel is perfect for Palm Springs and its midcentury-modern aesthetics. Styled with: Betsey Johnson Dress; Donald Pliner Shoes; Ionna & lilly Rings If you’re headed to a bustling urban area for time off, embrace the fashion-forward energy you’re about to step into with an of-the-moment pick. No city can match Tokyo when it comes to street style and emerging trends.  See-through PVC is a cool-girl favorite, and the newest iterations are mixing in other materials like leather and high-shine hardware. The only downside is that you’ll have to be thoughtful about what you keep in it (everything is on display, so items like your wallet and sunglass case should also be worth showing off).  INC International Concepts Clear Bag SEE THE PRICE Styled with: Calvin Klein Blazer; INC International Concepts T-Shirt and Pants; Calvin Klein Sneakers Straw bags are a trend with momentum per Macy’s The Edit, and there’s no place more perfect to embrace it than sandy shores. Look for a medium size that can fit a beach day's worth of stuff (or a tired pup as needed). The relaxed material matches the laid-back feeling you get on a tropical vacation, plus there’s a happy bonus: Durable and pretty much resistant to damage, you won’t stress if sand or ocean spray touches it. INC International Concepts Bag SEE THE PRICE Styled with: INC International Concepts Dress
 A fashion disruptor is among us. Meet Andrew Cushing, a Brooklyn-based creative director who just released an incredibly dead-on audition tape to be a video models for ASOS. Kendall Jenner, or the model ASOS books that looks just like her, is at home shaking.   Here’s my audition to be one of those people modeling clothes in the videos on ASOS pic.twitter.com/rmXGkwjzG3 Supermodel Cushing somehow captures the aloofness of a human who doesn't want to be on set paired nicely with the unique strut of somehow not comfortable in their own body. It's an ASOS video model signature that's not easily copied.  But it's really his facial expressions that capture what we're all thinking. "This video seems pointless?, Who watches these anyway?, Why am I here?, What is my purpose? Should Clay have won the first season of American Idol over Ruben?"  Soon-to-be fashion superstar Cushing ends the video with a small tease to the camera and a look of "Is that thing still on?" and "Did I just change the modeling industry forever?" Tyra Banks is smizing somewhere, Naomi Campbell just threw a phone in disbelief, and Karlie Kloss coded a new algorithm in excitement. Your move, ASOS.
 Summer camp is a magical place. It's a national treasure important enough to merit its own This American Life episode, and any adult who attended will gush about cabin mates and crushes alike. The friendships last a lifetime, continuing to exist as intermittent, but warmly welcomed DMs. The sleepaway excursion is a (homogenous) bubble bursting with nostalgia: It's where you have your first kiss behind a bush, eat sloppy Joes every Tuesday, and meet your long-lost twin sister while fencing.  Having never been to summer camp myself (unless you count my years attending church day camp, which let me tell you, is way different), my information on them came directly from summer movies and The Babysitters Club. A huge part, I came to learn, was the crafting experience, which my parents tried to replicate with DIY jewelry kits. They were my personal arts and crafts class. From the pages of a Scholastic book catalog, my set taught me how to braid friendship bracelets and weave beads into flowers. I abandoned almost every jewelry project out of frustration, but my memory of perfecting the chevron pattern still rings as sweet as I assume camp air smells.   My boys’ mother’s day FORTE creations #fortebeads #carolinabucci A post shared by  Carolina Bucci (@carolina_bucci) on Mar 31, 2019 at 1:52pm PDT  The kid (and adult) in me love this wrist 💕 via @nadineghosnjewelry A post shared by  Maria Dueñas Jacobs (@mduenasjacobs) on Mar 17, 2019 at 10:07am PDT Camp style recently became a mainstay in fashion's playbook (see: Hérmes hiking boots, Sandy Liang fleeces ), so it is only natural that the same elevated touch is being applied to fine jewelry. Take Jewelry designer Carolina Bucci for example. Her Forte Bead collection looks exactly like the ones we used as kids, but this time around they cost a whopping $1,970. Why? Instead of plastic pony beads, her 84-piece set is made of precious stones like jade, turquoise, lapis lazuli, and tiger's eye. It includes two adjustable lurex cords and instead of burning the frayed edges to seal the end of your BFF bracelet, Bucci's strands are capped with 18-karat gold.  It's easy to dismiss luxurious camp jewelry as frivolous, but we can totally seen the appeal. They can be a fun addition to your more "adult" jewelry, because we can only wear so many delicate gold pendants. Still, if you can't justify the 2k price tag, there's always Michael's.  
 Beloved indie brand The Last Line upgraded the tennis bracelet in rainbow diamonds and sapphires. You can add 14k gold letters too, which is nothing like what our parents gave us as kids.  Irene Neuwirth took the candy necklace of our childhood, and made it fancy.  These inedible opal beads are a must for a messy neck layer.  This is like the polished version of BFF bracelets. You'll need stacks of these guys, made by Roxanne Assouline, mother-in-law of Rosie (who also dabbles in whimsical designs).  If designer Susan Alexandra told us these beads came directly from Michael's circa 2002, we'd believe her. They are so good we wish we thought of them ourselves. 
 When Bryan Hearns walked towards the Hearst building, the first thing I noticed was his black bomber jacket dazzling against the gloomy backdrop of an NYC spring afternoon. He casually took a drag from his cigarette as busybodies power-walked passed him, not knowing that he’s responsible for dressing pop music’s leading ladies in the sculptural sequin and crystal-encrusted bodices they likely see while scrolling through Instagram on any given day. When we sat down to chat, I’ll admit that I expected a vibrant, quirky personality. After all, the 28 year old designer transformed Kylie Jenner into Christina Aguilera with a “Dirrty”-inspired Halloween costume. Hearns has whipped up custom showpieces for Ariana Grande’s world tours, and designed all of Cardi B’s risqué yeehaw looks. In short, he doesn't design for the timid. But as it turns out, Hearns' vibe is more laid back and relaxed—the opposite of the loud, striking glam leather pieces and barely-there bodysuits that have become his trademark. He lets the work speak for itself.  “I love a good theme,” he says with a chuckle. “My favorite fashion era is the 2000s—Paris Hilton, sequins, fishnet, sparkles. I don’t design to be ‘trendy,’ I design for those who love to be unique, for trendsetters. I want my looks to be memorable.” So how does he do it? From waking up mid-sleep to draw sketches for Ariana Grande to designing a custom piece for Cardi B in one day (!), he tells ELLE.com more about his recent rise in fashion.  At Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising in California, but really fashion has been my love since high school. I use to profile the “cool kids” in my school who were stylish as part of the fashion club. I don't know how I found out about fashion shows, but I started watching the shows that were on the Dior website when John Galliano was designing, and that's when I knew that I wanted to pursue a career in fashion. I was like, “What is this? This is crazy.” I was obsessed ever since. Then came FIDM where I met a whole bunch of people like Antonio Esteban, who founded Style PR and from there, connected with different stylists.  I actually interned for a Lauren Conrad fashion show, helping to dress the models and making sure they were set to head out on the runway.  No, but I did meet Kelly Cutrone and she was great—complete opposite of her character.  The first time I connected with her was for the AMAs when Monica [Rose] was styling her at the time. That was the first outfit that I did for her. It was all leather, chains—super my aesthetic. Kylie loved it, and we just kind of kept the relationship going from there.   @kyliejenner KILLING IT in custom Bryan Hearns at the #AMAS !! 💅🏽 thank you @monicarosestyle @stylepr #kyliejenner #amas2015 #2015amas #kardashian A post shared by  B R Y A N _ H E A R N S (@bryanhearns) on Nov 22, 2015 at 5:16pm PST I've been working with her since the “Problem” video, from the beginning of her career. I think, ultimately, I do make connections with the artist, because they do like my work but it’s mainly through the stylist. So I work a lot with Law Roach for Normani and Ariana. I’m pretty much game for anything so there have been times where I’ve jumped out of sleep to hop on a call or draw sketches for Ariana.   I want it, I got it. 💍💍💍💍💍💍💍 @arianagrande giving alllllllllllllllll the Bops in a custom crystal camo moment. #arianagrande #7rings A post shared by  B R Y A N _ H E A R N S (@bryanhearns) on Jan 18, 2019 at 12:26pm PST I kind of built my aesthetic from Home Depot hardware. At the beginning of my career, I didn't live in downtown in L.A., I lived more on the outskirts, so I wasn't able to come out to the city to get supplies. I went to Home Depot a lot, and I got a lot of screws and  hardware, and I kind of used a lot of that. Then it just gradually changed to crystals and zippers and chains.  She's definitely bold. She's sexy, but she's also like a feminist at the same time. I want them to stand out and look cool, and definitely be in a moment. When you're walking down the street, I want people to say, “Whoa, that's a really cool look. Who are they wearing?” I love a good theme. My favorite fashion era is the 2000s—Paris Hilton, sequins, fishnet, sparkles. I don’t design to be ‘trendy,’ I design for those who love to be unique, for trendsetters. I want my looks to be memorable.  The green and black “Motorsport” outfit. I do really enjoy that one, because I had one day to design the entire thing and it literally came out perfect. Originally, they had asked for it prior to shooting, but then a scheduling conflict happened with the music video, and all of a sudden they needed it like the next morning. I literally had to do everything in my power to get that together as quick as possible. Because I had to design it so quick, I wasn’t able to do any fittings with her so the fact that it fit like a glove was a miracle. At that point, it was my first time working with her and the team. The piece was dope, the video was dope, so now when you think of that video that look kind of just lives on. Then she tagged me on Instagram, which usually never happens so that was awesome.  Why would I hop in some BEEF when I can just hop in a PORSCHE. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🏎💨🔥🔥🔥🔥 @iamcardib in a custom look styled by @kollincarter cc: @stylepr  #motorsport #cardib #nickiminaj #migos A post shared by  B R Y A N _ H E A R N S (@bryanhearns) on Dec 7, 2017 at 1:12pm PST Yeah, definitely. It depends on what it is. Like for the red bandana, they specifically wanted like red bandana, cowboy vibes. I sent some sketches, but then for the AVN Awards, they wanted something lingerie-inspired. But they definitely know what they want and when they have a vision, it’s my job to bring their vision to life. Oh, absolutely. I work better under pressure, and I work better when I need to do 20 things versus two things.  Rihanna. She's definitely number one, for sure. She embodies exactly what the Bryan Hearns woman is. 
 A combo that works for anyone. By definition, a style uniform is meant to be personal to the wearer, but what if a perfect equation existed that worked for anyone, no matter their individual style or predilections?  We've hit upon a unicorn of an outfit that mixes versatility with timeless silhouettes, and asked model Jessica Raemy (and her sister Victoria) to put it to the test. The fundamentals? A comfortable-but-chic lace-up wedge that's stylish, but also ready for a packed day of moving, shaking, and more; a maxi that can be easily dressed up or down; and a classic, goes-with-everything trench.  "I'd describe my personal style as comfortable, a little sexy, easy, and fun," explains Jess.  "I’ve always liked to push the boundaries with my style." As such, she amps up the color in the prescribed three-piece uniform by doubling up, matching her flowy orange dress to Sorel's Joanie Wedge II in "Zing."  Uniform dressing isn't new to Jess. As a model, she tends to wear simple pieces to castings and jobs that read like a blank palette (all the better for a designer or brand to project their look onto her).  But because that can get just a little bit boring, she's perfected the art of adding personality via her accessories. Bright shoes are a go-to, and that's why she gravitated toward Sorel's wedge sandal in a poppy orange versus the more subdued gray her sister picked. "It's about the little touches," she says. "Accessories are the perfect way to personalize a simple outfit."    Versatility is important to Jess when it comes to clothing and accessories—and it's exactly why our uniform trio makes so much sense. Each piece is wide-ranging enough to be styled different ways and for different occasions, vital for someone who loves switching up the idea of how something is supposed to be worn. "Something that works for a night out could work for breakfast too: You just have to know how to wear it," she explains. "I like to take something that should be for dinner and wear it in the morning. I'll wear low-cut things to breakfast. It's not the right vibe but I'm like, forget you, I can do what I want."   An added bonus? A uniform makes sharing clothes easier, a good thing for the Raemy sisters since they've perfected the air of transcontinental closet surfing. Big sister Victoria's personal style is slightly more conservative, but they aren't so far apart that it's impossible to take the same maxi or sandal and wear it in a way that fits with their vibe. (Take a closer look at her style here.) So how does it work when one sister is in LA and the other in NYC? Pre-planning and a carefully packed carry-on. If Jess is headed to New York for work, she'll pack something for her Manhattan-based sister and vice versa. "When I come here, I’ll bring a top that I know she wants, and she’ll keep it for six months and then send it back. That’s how it works," she said. "Years later, she has this sweater…"  "Give me back my pants and I’ll give you back my sweater!"  Worn throughout: Milly Dress; Merlette Coat; Hunting Season Bag; Abel Necklaces; Ursa Major Rings Worn by Victoria: Lein Dress; Anine Bing Trench Coat; H&M Bag; Young Frankk Earrings; Kate Jones Ring; Annika Inez Ring Styling: Lindsay Grosswendt; Hair, Charles McNair; Makeup: Rommy Najor; Styling Assistant: Julia Virkler
 A massive blaze devastated Paris's 850-year old Notre Dame Cathedral, one of the country's most historical structures and home to a number of prominent artifacts and relics on Monday afternoon, causing parts of the building to collapse. Shortly after, several French tycoons stepped up to make financial contributions to help rebuild Notre Dame.  French magnate and chief executive officer of LVMH Bernard Arnault announced early Tuesday morning that he'll be donating over $200 million. "The Arnault family and the LVMH Group, in solidarity with this national tragedy, are committed to assist with the reconstruction of this extraordinary cathedral, symbol of France, its heritage and its unity," the brand said in a press release. "They will donate a total sum of 200 million euros to the fund dedicated to the reconstruction of this architectural work, which is a core part of the French History." "In the wake of this national tragedy, the Arnault family and the LVMH Group pledge their support for #NotreDame. They will donate a total of 200 million euros to the fund for reconstruction of this architectural work, which is an integral part of the history of France." pic.twitter.com/utvJT8xJht The LVMH Group, the world's largest luxury goods empire, includes Celine, Christian Dior, Fendi, Givenchy, Louis Vuitton and more. In addition to Arnault's donation, François-Henri Pinault, husband of actress Salma Hayek and CEO of Kering, also announced that he'd be contributing over $100 million.  "My father François Pinault and I have decided to unblock from the funds of Artemis a sum of 100 million euros to participate in the effort that will be necessary for the complete reconstruction of Notre-Dame," Pinault said in a statement obtained by French outlet Le Figaro. Kering, another leader in the luxury goods world, houses luxury brands Gucci, Saint Laurent, Balenciaga, and Alexander McQueen. Several outlets have reported that the main structure of the building has been "saved" and French president Emmanuel Macron pledged to rebuild the famous landmark in a statement to Reuters.  "Notre-Dame is burning, and I know the sadness, and this tremor felt by so many fellow French people. But tonight, I’d like to speak of hope too,” he said. “Let’s be proud, because we built this cathedral more than 800 years ago, we’ve built it and, throughout the centuries, let it grow and improved it. So I solemnly say tonight: we will rebuild it together."
 The brand's head of design, Ann-Sofie Johansson, tells all. H&M makes no apologies for selling a constant stream of cool clothes. It's their business, after all, and even a swift peek at their website shows they're damn goo—you know what, shelve that thought, I need to buy this dress real quick. "Real quick" is the key, of course, as H&M makes its billion-dollar profits by churning out a canny mix of hygge staples and runway trends. Sometimes they're co-signed by designers like Balmain and Moschino; sometimes they're riffs on vintage finds or designer hits. But the products keep coming, and with them, a pressing question: can fast fashion yield sustainable results?  Ann-Sofie Johansson is betting on it. As H&M's head of design, she's challenged the retail giant to change their carbon footprint, creating a new Conscious Exclusive collection from fabrics made of citrus peels, pineapple bark, and even blue algae.  And that's just the beginning of H&M's slow but significant revolution, one that will (hopefully) change how we shop forever. We sat down with Ann-Sofie to learn more about what's coming. It represents significant changes, although that's not to say all the small things we can do aren't significant, too. Things like turning off the computer when you're not using it, trying not to print out as much at work, recycling as much as possible. All those things can make a change, but where fashion is concerned, the first thing we need to talk about is care. Exactly! We put those washing labels in every H&M garment so you can see how to take care of your clothes, and how to make them last as long as possible. Please read them! I’ve always obsessed about taking care of my clothes, because I feel like that’s the true way to respect them. And if you love clothes—and I love clothes—I feel like you’re insulting them if you don't. Also, I was a big vintage shopper as a teen—I still am—and I learned from my mother. Being in an older generation, I think we learned from our parents to be really careful about the things you have. Sometimes, but also, everyone in the younger generations is so much more aware about what’s going on with climate change, and about the conversations happening around sustainability. They’re the ones leading the protests in a lot of instances. It’s a give and take between all the generations. But one thing I do wish younger generations knew is that fashion fashion is not disposable fashion. Not necessarily. We can make things at a fast pace that are still responsible.  Well, we talk a lot about buying things that you see in your wardrobe—how will it go with what you already have? How will it go with the trends you want to wear? That type of thing. But we also need to talk about what happens after you’re done wearing it. Can you give them up to someone else? Can you resell them? Can you use their fabric for something else? And as designers, we need to start thinking about that.  When I started in the late ‘80s, that was never something we considered. It wasn’t even a thought. Now I’m kind of obsessed with asking, “Okay, how is this going to be recycled? How is the end of this product going to happen? And can we adjust the design to make it easier?” Yes, especially now...but I don’t think trends are dead. I think they actually linger for a while because they let you restyle. You don’t have to buy a pair of track pants, I bet you already have one. But you’re probably styling them with platform sandals now when it used to be heels. Or heels when it used to be [sneakers]. It’s such a tricky question! We have to ask it, but we don’t have an answer yet. We have to keep discussing it. The only thing I know is that the population is growing. Cotton probably won’t be usable in the future, because we’ll need all the land to grow food. Animal products won't be great either, because we'll be eating less meat. But the population is growing and it needs clothes to keep warm. Also, it’s a human thing to care about how we look and to want to express ourselves through what we put on our bodies. Fashion will always exist, as long as people exist. I think we start exploring new business models. We’re looking into the renting model, of course.  Yes, we have to! As you said, we can't expect to keep going without any change. We know we can’t do business the same way as we have been for the past 30 years. We have to change. Then there's Care and Repair, where we encourage customers to come into our stores and repair their clothes, or learn how to do it online. That's not in the US yet, but we're hoping to do it soon.  That’s a very relevant question! Before we started seeing new fabric, we looked at how to break it down and we asked, “How sustainable is this really?” Like bamboo for example—it seemed sustainable but the chemicals needed to turn bamboo into something soft were too [strong]. I'm not a scientist, but we have plenty working on the line who test and make sure it's happening the right way. Like Marie Kondo? Oh no. No way! I am not into that at all! I don’t think it’s healthy. I love my things. I could never get rid of all my clothes!  
 Kris Jenner better keep an eye on her watches.  Kendall Jenner, seemingly, is someone entrenched high enough in the clouds of fame that anything she can imagine, she can have. And she often does: Coachella weekend one VIP bracelets, a radio talk show, a collection of vintage cars. But as it turns out, she also keeps her eyes on an even bigger prize: Mom Kris’s extensive watch collection. "She has really good watches," explains Jenner over the phone. "Like, really, really nice watches."  It's one of the top things she wants to inherit from her Momager. But the 23 year old's love of jewelry spans far behind Kris' collection. Since she began working with Tiffany & Co, her current obsession is the brand's new collection of stackable rings and the stackable luggage collection she was gifted this past Christmas.  In this exclusive interview, the model talks calling dibs on her mom's good pieces, the kind of ring she hopes she sees when one lucky man eventually drops to one knee, and more.  Tiffany's been a brand that I have loved since I was a baby. I would get gifts from either my mom's friends or my mom since I was really little. I've always  loved Tiffany because it truly is a classic jewelry brand.  I was always a fan of the movie Breakfast at Tiffany's and Audrey Hepburn. I just like the whole vibe that they have.    If I'm going to leave the house and feel a bit spare, I'll usually throw on a pair of earrings. I think that's the easiest thing to get away with if you don't want to wear too much. I have a lot of jewelry that I've had since I was really young. One of them actually is a Tiffany's piece. It's a little silver heart that my mom got me when I was young that I still have. Yeah, we definitely did a lot of that. My mom would also dress Kylie and I up as twins when we were younger. My mom would get us a lot of matching stuff. She has boxes of stuff that we had as babies and I'm almost positive my mom would have that somewhere. Sadly a year or two ago someone broke into my house and stole a lot of my jewelry. I have some of my stuff because it was in a different place in my house during the burglary, but only a couple of things. I think all of that stuff might have been taken. It's okay. It's all just material things. The only things I was really upset about was anything sentimental. Oh my God, yes. Of course. I think we all kind of call dibs on certain things. I know it's kind of a weird thing to call dibs on, but my mom's very giving, and she loves to hand them over to her daughters even when she's just over things. So we're all kind of waiting for one day for her to feel generous and be like, “You guys want this stuff?”   @victoriassecret fashion show 2018 airs tonight!! Tune in at 10/9c on @abcnetwork A post shared by  Kris Jenner (@krisjenner) on Dec 2, 2018 at 6:46pm PST Shoot, not really that I can think of right now. She has really good watches like, really, really nice watches.  I'd want something from her watch game.  I really like the Tiffany T Collection. I think it's really cute. The rings in particular I love to stack, I think they're really good simple rings. My sister just got me this Tiffany trunk set. It's the most amazing Tiffany blue luggage pieces, and they're all different sizes, so they stack really amazing, and they go all the way up until the size of a jewelry or a makeup bag. Kim got them for Kourtney and I for Christmas.  
  I mean, I kind of love the idea of letting the man pick it and having it be that pretty thing that he kind of thought of himself. And having the feeling of like, oh, he made this with me in thought, kind of a thing. I like thinking that just the way it was made reminded him of me. That to me is kind of romantic. But at the same time, I'm the type of person that would give hints, and be like, “I kind of want this.” Totally. [laughs]
 For women born between 1987 and 1992, Lizzie McGuire is a Millennial idol. She was the bedazzled, bandana-wearing, "I want a bra!" screaming sherpa who guided us through our adolescence, filling a void the Olsens twins left (who was then followed by another star, Hannah Montana). To those of us who grew up with Lizzie, she was a voice when we didn’t feel heard. We laughed through her "punk" phase, gasped when they revealed her Italian doppelgänger, and cried in mutual understanding that, sometimes, the guy you liked just didn’t like you back. Despite the show's brief run between 2001 and 2003, its impact was paramount. But beyond her wise-cracking parents and platonic throuple friendship, the greatest thing about the teen sitcom was her style. She wore everything we loved—and subsequently hated—about post-millennial fashion. No top was left un-embellished, over-accessorizing was an art form, and Lizzie's hair was crimped within an inch of its life.  According to the Fall 2019 runways, her distinctively Aughties style is back. Eckhaus Latta embraced tie dye just like Lizzie did in the pilot episode. Michael Kors styled his models with bandanas worn exactly how she would. So it only make sense that Urban Outfitters is cashing in on 2000s-era trends, teaming up with the Steve Madden to relaunch their iconic platforms.  You may recognize these sandals from McGuire's avatar: Yep, those platform orange sandals are being revived. In fact, the collection consists of two different styles in three colors each. And even though you might feel worried about reliving your blunder years in these sandals, you can tone down the look with a simple tank top and jeans.   
 In a perfect world, impending vacations wouldn't involve any type of stress. With the modern-life necessities of wrapping up work projects and prepping for travel, though, a bit of stormy weather before sailing off on smooth seas is unavoidable. The one thing that shouldn't add to your worries? Packing a suitcase. Here, five essential items to pack the next time you're getting ready to head out-of-office.  Kenneth Cole New York Wedges SHOP NOW Unless you're checking bags, it's important to be thoughtful about how many shoes you're bringing. Only pick pairs that pull double-duty: A wedge is comfortable enough to be worn for long hours during the day, but still feels dressy for dinner or drinks. Levi's Jeans SHOP NOW For the majority of dressers, blue jeans are the cornerstone of our wardrobe. Don't forget about them when packing for off-duty days either. Bring a silhouette you love that can be worn multiple times before hitting its stretched-out max. Lauren Ralph Lauren Bag SHOP NOW The wisest size for your vacation bag is one Goldilocks would approve: not too big, not too small. Pick a fairly roomy option that can be worn crossbody to free up your hands. Bonus points if you go with a print or color that's bolder than what you might ordinarily use in real life. DKNY Midi Skirt SHOP NOW Two-piece dressing is the best way to get more of the proverbial bang for your buck when packing. Tuck one into your suitcase and plan on wearing with different tops or over a bathing suit (to the pool or as a standalone outfit). Steve Madden Sneakers SHOP NOW Pack a pair of sneakers even if your vacation won't involve hitting the hotel gym. The rise of athleisure means they feel fashion-forward and can be worn in place of sandals or flats. Plus, you'll be set if a rogue hike or walking tour pops up on the itinerary.
 We talk to the designer who made it happen. Who gets to look like a fantasy? It's a contentious question for fashion, a realm where exclusion and power are often seamed together, and "beauty" becomes defined by limitations instead of ideals. That's why today's kind of exciting. It marks the launch of Rodarte x Universal Standard, a collaboration that merges floaty fantasia with practical fits for every body, from XXS to 4XL. There are cascading skirts in fluttery fabrics, drawstring gowns, and blouses with sleeves more dramatic than Grey's Anatomy.  "Normally, we specialize in more minimalist, elevated essentials," says Universal Standard designer Alexandra Waldman, who messaged Rodarte after a brainstorm session of 'dream partners' at the office. "But that's exactly why we wanted their aesthetic and their creative power. What we brought to the table was our understanding of how to make these clothes in every size, and making sure there was freedom of movement and comfort, and the type of shapes that allow a multitude of women to feel very special." Prices range from $150 to $240, with georgette and organza as the main materials. "In terms of fabrics, this is the real deal," Waldman says. "It's a Rodarte piece, and you have to take care of  it accordingly." That means dry cleaning... but also pairing with cowboy boots, sneakers, or even over jeans if you want. "We get that owning Rodarte is rare and special," Walkdman notes, "So our mission was to get the maximum amount of wear out of each piece. How can you style it in multiple ways? What else can you layer?"  For inspiration, the brands recruited models Tess McMillan and Enam Asiama, plus photographer Ronan McKenzie, on a road trip through Palm Springs, California. "[Larger women] are so used to being seen in catalogs, not fashion spreads," says Waldman. "But size inclusion can be done, and it should be done. I mean, why can't we let people shop their taste, not their size? We need to change that." And they are.  
 Jennifer Garner is a true style chameleon. From vibrant red carpet dresses to understated off-duty looks, Garner wears every outfit with an ease that's all her own. Ahead of her birthday, see all the actress's best looks.  In a simple cream-colored strapless gown at the 54th annual Emmy awards. In a cream tea-length coat at the premiere of Catch Me If You Can in Westwood, California. In Ralph Lauren at the 60th annual Golden Globe Awards in Beverly Hills. In a lilac dress at ABC's 50th Anniversary Celebration. In Atelier Versace at the 75th annual Academy Awards in Hollywood. In a ruched ombré gown the 61st annual Golden Globe Awards in Beverly Hills. Looking vibrant in Valentino Haute Couture at the 2004 Vanity Fair Oscar Party in Beverly Hills. At the 62nd Annual Golden Globe Awards in Los Angeles. Gracing the red carpet in a silver column gown at the 11th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards in Los Angeles. In a brown gown at the 10th annual Hollywood Film Festival in Beverly Hills. In Versace at the GQ Man of the Year Awards in Los Angeles, California. In Jean Paul Gaultier at the 64th annual Golden Globe Awards in Hollywood. In Valentino at the 2017 Met Gala, where the theme was "Poiret: King of Fashion." In Oscar de la Renta at the 80th annual Academy Awards in Hollywood. At The Greenbrier for the gala opening of the Casino Club in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia. In a Dolce & Gabbana dress and Brian Atwood heels at the Dallas Buyers Club premiere during the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival in Toronto, Canada. In a Dolce & Gabbana dress and Christian Louboutin heels at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences' Governors Awards in Hollywood. In Oscar de la Renta at the 2014 Vanity Fair Oscar Party in West Hollywood. At the premiere of Men, Women and Children at in Los Angeles. At the 21st Annual ELLE Women In Hollywood Awards in Beverly Hills. Pictured out in New York City. In Atelier Versace at the Atelier Versace Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2016-2017 show during Paris Fashion Week. In Alaia at the premiere of Nine Lives in Hollywood. In an embellished Jenny Packham gown at the 50th annual CMA Awards at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee. In tailored pants and aviator sunglasses while out in Los Angeles. In Victoria Beckham while arriving to the The Late Show With Stephen Colbert in New York City. In a black embellished dress at a special screening of Wakefield at Landmark Sunshine Cinema on May 18, 2017 in New York City. Wearing a Givenchy cape, a Michael Kors strapless fringe dress, and Charlotte Olympia heels while out in New York City. In a Roland Mouret dress and Charlotte Olympia heels at the 2017 Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles. In a Johanna Ortiz dress and Chloe Gosselin sandals at the premiere of The Tribes of Palos Verdes in Los Angeles.
 Finally say bye bye to your wool coats and puffers. Though summer is in sight, spring has only just begun and with it comes in-between weather to confuse the heck out of us and our wardrobes. We’re all familiar with those days that start out brisk, heat up around noon, and take a chilling dip at sunset, but rather than dealing with haphazard outfits that feel less than 100, look to a lightweight jacket to be your savior this season. From fresh outerwear trends like classic-with-a-twist trench coats and utilitarian silhouettes to non-floral prints like leopard and tie-dye there are options for everyone. See 21 of our favorites, ahead.  Imagine this option with blue jeans and fresh kicks. It will be your weekend go-to.  Level up from that classic Barbour jacket. Quilted and collarless, this jacket is a chic transition out of pufferville. Not all trench coats are created equal—take this style with green drawstrings and cropped silhouette as an example. So good.  This lilac jacket will have you wishing for a rainy day. Swap out your denim jacket for a twill leopard version instead.   Break out of a neutral rut in this not-too-light, not-too-heavy brick trench. Your grandmother’s quilt, but make it fashion. Define your shape in this immaculately cut trench. Transparent plaid is a cool upgrade from classic khaki. The sleekest utility jacket we ever did see. A snake print robe can be a punchy layer for neutral lovers. With puffed sleeves and a nipped waist, this tailored jacket makes a statement. Reach for this one when your look needs a more formal touch.  Colorful drawstrings give this army green anorak a playful feel. Test drive the tie-dye trend with this hip-skimming jacket. What’s more spring than pastel-colored houndstooth? If your style skews ultra feminine, voluminous sleeves and a lavender hue are a fresh take on the utility trend. Both relaxed and smart, this cargo jacket is a wear-anywhere piece. Skip the floral print in favor of tropical palms. This Victorian-inspired denim jacket is perfect for the office.
 I first met Karl in the late ’90s. It was a warm July night in Paris during Couture Week, one of those romantic evenings where you look back and think, That was so memorable and magical. It was Paris at the height of Paris couture. He wanted to invite some “cool younger people” to a dinner party at his home, so I was there, I guess representing in his mind a new up-and-comer. By pure coincidence, I had borrowed an evening suit from a friend, Hedi Slimane. It was a prototype for one of the first suits he made for Yves Saint Laurent— he was just starting out there as a menswear designer. I had tried it on and said to myself, It’s kind of flashy, but then I thought, If you can’t wear an evening suit like this to Karl Lagerfeld’s, where can you wear it? His exact first words to me were “Lilac?” Because the suit was in lilac silk and most of the fashion people there were dressed in black, and I showed up in this bright suit. We laughed, and from that point on, we struck up a friendship. He was always, to me, very funny and very generous. He represented all the extravagance and superficiality in the fashion world—I mean, he was a big symbol of that—but at the same time, he was such a kind, genuine, sincere, and authentic person. He was very real. That suit was his first introduction to Hedi’s work, and six months later we were shooting in Karl’s studio when he asked me if I could introduce him to my friend. We all became close, and in 2002, each of us got a CFDA award. To celebrate, we threw an after party together. The plan was that we would bartend at our own party, just because we all had the same fantasy of “Oh, I’ve always wanted to bartend at a club.” Karl took it very seriously; he learned how to make a cosmopolitan. Halfway through the night, Hedi and I felt like we were the only two serving, and we kept turning around and seeing Karl washing all the glasses. That was one of the funniest things ever, because he just kept saying, “I hate mess!” That’s why in the picture above, you see him with his sleeves rolled up. I’d known him for three or four years at that point, and I had never even seen his forearms. As a kid growing up in the Philippines, I remember seeing Karl Lagerfeld on TV at the VH1 Fashion and Music Awards, accepting an award from TLC, and I’d read about him in magazines, where I’d see celebrities and socialites wearing his designs, like Princess Gloria von Thurn und Taxis in her Chanel couture gown. I always associated Karl both with very extravagant couture and with music and pop culture. Being a brilliant designer is one thing, but he was always able to connect the dots, whether it was with supermodels or royalty or pop stars. That was the magic that was Karl. He asked me to throw him a dinner party about a year and a half ago in New York, and Mariah Carey performed for him. It was almost like performing for the pope of fashion. I remember looking around the room: Gigi, Bella, Naomi Campbell. I just kept thinking, These are different worlds colliding. You have the music world, the fashion world, and I think even Lady Bunny was there to represent New York nightlife. It makes me think of those old photos of Studio 54, where you’d see Halston with Liza and Bianca Jagger and Pat Cleveland and Diana Ross—just this mix of people. He was like a DJ who could mix all these incredible tracks. On January 22, the last day I spoke to him, I called him up a couple of hours after what would be his last couture show. He said, “What did you think of the bride in the finale?” I told him how beautiful I thought it was. And I knew that look, worn by Vittoria Ceretti, was his favorite outfit from the show. ELLE’s cover shoot with Dua Lipa took place just a few days after he passed. The fact that, days after her Grammy win, Dua was dressed in his favorite outfit from his final couture collection bore some real significance to me. I think what the industry will miss most about Karl is his depth of knowledge and culture. When I first told him I was starting at ELLE as creative director, he said, “I knew Hélène Gordon-Lazareff [who founded the original French edition of ELLE]. I had dinner in her country house with her and her husband. They were a fabulous couple.” To think that back then, after World War II, Karl had visited them in their home—how many people were actually there to tell the story? He could tell you the difference between Le Palace and Studio 54. He could tell you what Diana Vreeland, Halston, and Andy Warhol were like. And he was a bon vivant who was able to enjoy such an extravagant lifestyle. We’d be driving in his convertible Rolls in Saint-Tropez, and he would look over at me and say, “Ha-ha-ha, isn’t it so fun to be so superficial?” Some people could look at that side of Karl and think “decadent,” but I look at that side of Karl and think, Who lives like that nowadays? And how great it is to really celebrate the good things about life. He was sort of the antithesis of a miser—like Auntie Mame, saying, “Live, live, live!” This article originally appeared in the May 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 A week in the South Korean style capital proves the perfect cure for one ELLE editor’s fashion month fatigue. Maybe it was the basket of radiance-promising snail sheet masks I found upon arrival to my hotel room, or the instant the mother of sustainable brand Saint Mill’s designer Myoung Yoo Suk made a beeline for me moments before her son’s show was set to begin, cheerfully offering up a Ziploc bag filled with homemade seaweed dumplings. Whatever it was, consider me thoroughly charmed by Seoul. After four plus weeks scurrying around and digesting the collections of an ever-bloated fashion calendar, the furthest thing from my mind was enduring a 14-hour flight. Nevertheless, with the allure of new talent and the current fascination with everything from K-Beauty to K-Pop (FYI: BTS makes their SNL debut this Saturday), how could I possibly say no? “I wish there had been this much interest when I was growing up in the Midwest,” says Korean-born co-founder of CoPR (and unsung K-Beauty guru) Yeana Ahn. “My classmates had no understanding of where I was from; they only knew China and Japan.” There’s certainly no shortage of local pride in Seoul. While there was excitement for the presence of international press—and of course the blue carpeted staircase which ferried the line of pop star-packed minivans to their front row seats— Korean designers rightfully cater most to hometown crowds, as the shows I attended were predominately populated by actual paying customers. That same pride was evident on the runway, with brands such as Moho offering modern riffs on traditional dress in a dramatic, smoke-filled presentation. The outerwear-heavy collection explored the greyscale and featured artfully layered, channel-quilted wrap coats that called to mind hanboks and monks’ robes. I gained a better sense of their origins while wandering through the Insa-dong neighborhood. There, among the rounded shapes of the beautiful, hand-forged rice bowls at Napcheong Bronzewear and the equally rotund pottery, it became clear that there is a strong aesthetic appreciation for volume. A more whimsical approach to this element was seen at Besfxxk, where it was clear that designers Bona Kim and Jae Hyuk Lim must have a ball experimenting in the studio. Several of the techniques, such as the zip puffer pockets on classic blazers and the basket-woven down coat were quite inventive and unlike anything I’ve seen elsewhere. Another favorite was Minjukim, who successfully channeled the Swedish cinematic references that inspired her collection without being too literal. Her just-left-of-center designs were experimental while still maintaining wearability, and I was particularly impressed with her attention to detail with the leatherwork, into which she carved illustrations that were then rubbed with white paint, creating the illusion of embroidery. On the accessories front, Son of Love stood out with their refined, minimalist (read: less hippy) take on the canteen bag in an array of beautiful, vegetable-dyed leather. And one of the chicest accessory of all couldn’t have been farther from the runway: The sleek, starched ribbon barrettes worn by Korean Air flight attendants. Turns out they’re a twist on the binyeo and were designed by Gianfranco Ferre’. How do I get my hands on one, Korean Air? As remarkable as the designs was the incredible coordination of Seoul Fashion Week in general. With shows running on-time (!), and all housed within one venue (the stunning Zaha Hadid-designed Dongdaemun Design Plaza), the experience could not have been calmer when measured against the chaos of New York. The best bit: a hall of booths set up to give press and buyers the opportunity to have face time with designers and view their collections a mere 24 hours after they’ve been shown. The ball’s in your court, NYC.
 The cost of being a bridesmaid—both emotional and financial—can be a burden. Lighten the load with an affordable bridesmaid dress that won't gouge your wedding budget. If anything, a cheaper dress gives everyone an incentive to splurge on the destination bachelorette party. We can't promise you they'll be re-worn, but at under $300, they are totally worth it.  Be prepared to get a million compliments in this dress, because it looks (and feels) worthy of a designer price tag.  You read that right- this dress is only $30, and it looks this good.  Boohoo Floral Off-the-Shoulder Maxi, $30; boohoo.com SHOP NOW  If you, like the rest of America, are obsessed with Say Yes to the Dress, I have some great news: They have their own bridal line, and it's super cute. Take this dress for example, that can be worn as a halter, a short sleeve, or a strapless dress.  The fairytale silhouette on this Cinderella dress will photograph beautifully.  Lela Rose makes some of our favorite wedding dresses, and her bridesmaids line is just as sweet. They have the same romantic appeal, but all cost less than $300.  White by Vera Wang is the bridal designer's just-as-chic diffusion line. Seriously, these dresses look ten times more expensive than they actually are.  We love the influx of floral bridesmaid dresses. Re-wear this post-nuptials.  For a black tie wedding, try this beautiful gown from Mango. The subtle gold flecks add a touch of shine that won't distract from the bride.  Topshop's silk slip dressess are a cult favorite (at $68!) and available in nine different shades.  For sparkle that doesn't cost an arm and a leg, look to ASOS' evening gowns. They are all crazy affordable, with details you won't find anywhere else.  The flutter sleeve and plunging neckline on this Jenny Yoo dress will flatter the entire bridal party. Plus, it comes in dusty rose, one of the most popular wedding colors.  From mint green to regal purple to champagne gold, Azazie has one of the widest color range for bridesmaid dresses. You'll find the exact shade that matches the wedding theme, plus amazing printed dresses, too.  This spring dress will fit right in at a garden wedding party. The shoulder detail is a soft, feminine touch that is unlike most bridesmaid dresses.  Fame and Partners was one of the first e-retailers that offered brides and bridesmaids true customization. You can alter the color, the hem, and the sleeve on most of their dresses, which will cost less than a bill from your local tailor.  You'll be dying to attend another fancy event once the wedding is over, just so you can wear this Reformation dress again. 
 When it comes to Rosie Assoulin designs, you rarely take a glance and keep it pushing. No, you stop and marvel at the intricate detailing—voluminous sleeves, tiered ruffles, whimsical patterns—that has become the cornerstone of her quirky collections. You wear a Rosie Assoulin look because you want to be noticed, plus it'll prompt compliments from strangers. But sometimes, trekking across the city in a bold watercolor skirt or a mustard high-neck lace dress isn't the most ideal look for busy commutes and running errands. Enter: By Any Other Name.    The collection, described as "a more informal expression of Rosie’s designs outside of her namesake label," takes the luxury appeal of the designer's eponymous label and works it into everyday wardrobe staples. Clean lines and feminine silhouettes make up the assortment, that features billowy midi skirts and dresses, sharp tailored suits, and must-have blouses . "Meant for every woman, this succinct edit of everyday essentials is designed with comfort in mind in New York and crafted in Europe," the designer explained. "Timeless yet directional, each item is thoughtfully designed to stand alone or fit seamlessly into an existing wardrobe, which can be built upon season after season."  The collection is priced from $695 to $1295 and will be available at byanyothername.nyc  and retail partners including Moda Operandi, Saks, FortyFiveTen, Nordstrom, starting today.  Click through to see our favorite looks.  
 As a write this, to one side I see ELLE.com's style director, Nikki Ogunnaike, wearing a cardigan buttoned all the way up, conservatively tucked into khakis. She's a staunch "no belly buttons at the office" kind of dresser. In front of me, writer Chloe Hall is wearing Cool Person sweat pants and sneakers. I share the elevator with employees in suits—but I cross my arms to hide the fact that I'm not wearing a bra. Since the '80s and the rise of Silicon Valley's laid-back company culture, office dress codes are increasingly more lax- and therefore more confusing. Which prompts us to ask: what the hell does business casual even mean anymore? First, I asked my mom. Evangeline Carreon, 60, has worked at the same title insurance office for over twenty years, and personally saw the shift in style. "In the '80s to '90s, we had to wear formal pants and a top, but no tank tops. Guys would wear a shirt with necktie," she said. "Some girl now wears jeans with a shirt and running shoes; I wear that on Casual Fridays only. To me that is not casual attire, that’s on-the-go attire," she said in a disapproving mom tone. But not everyone agrees. "There’s no dress code in my office," stated Devon Kelley, 26, who works at a tech company. "During my orientation somebody asked the HR Director if they could show up in a bikini and he said 'technically, yes.' I rarely choose bikinis for the office, but I tend to tread the line."  So what are you thoughts? Weigh in on what "business casual" actually means and we'll tally up your votes to see whether you think mini skirts are suitable, suits are OK, and whether hoodies and T-shirts should stay or go. In the mean time, read on for tips on how to incorporate seemingly tricky items into your 9- 5 style.   Between 2017 and 2018, sneaker sales went up 10 percent to €3.5 billion, globally. This uptick is directly effecting what we wear to work. Plimsolls, tennis shoes, and even dad shoes are regulars at the ELLE.com offices. Are they at yours?  Our tip: If you're nervous about wearing casual sneakers, try a pair of fresh white plimsolls. They're just as polished as a pair of loafers.  You'll still see a sea of gray on Wall Street, but most offices don't require a suit. In other words, you can be a working girl without having to pull inspiration from Working Girl.  Our tip: If dark suits are too formal at your job, try a colorful set. They're all over the runways, plus super affordable options from ASOS and Topshop are also available. Dress down your suit with the aforementioned sneakers, or comfy flats.    Mini skirts are a little more uncommon at the office, because someone has arbitrarily decided that bare knees apparently get people going. Thoughts?  Our tip:  If you're scared of disrupting a stuffy office in a short skirt, try traditional suit fabrics like wool or crepe, then style them with sheer tights and oxfords.    According to Mel Maxwell, 33, who works in the publishing field, jeans always work. "Denim, leather, skinny, boyfriend, stretchy, distressed—it’s all acceptable, especially when paired with a blazer," she recommended. "Honestly, slacks seem somehow seem less business appropriate in these current times. They make me think of [...] the uniform a high school mathlete wears in a fly-over state."  Our tip: Most denim styles are fine for the office, but dark washes that have little to no distressing are a little more elevated. A white button-down shirt or chic sweater lends a more formal touch.  "The only thing that is considered inappropriate [at my office] is too much skin: I think showing too much boob or leg in a business setting is the last taboo," says Maxwell. "I blame the patriarchy." At the end of the day, read the room and ask your boss. Denim, sneakers, mini skirts, et. al. don't truly effect your output, but a badass suit will make you feel like a badass. That's just science. 
 Since launching in 2012, Solid & Striped has gone from an all menswear new comer to Instagram It-Girl and celebrity-approved favorite, in part thanks to their beloved one-piece suits. Now, the brand is claiming an even larger spot in your warm weather wardrobe with the launch of clothing and bags, on sale today. Yes, in addition to making your favorite swimsuits, S&S now offers cute dresses, skirts, totes, and other products that are perfect for snaps by the water.  Inspired by a '70s pool party, "the concept lends itself to vibrant prints, a funky color palette, groovy textures as well as retro-classic silhouettes," say Solid & Striped's design director Amelia Lindquist. The brand is also moving into the sustainability space with this collection; many of the products are made of fabrics that are constructed with Econyl® yarns, a by-product of  consumer waste. "Sustainability is certainly a focus of mine personally and professionally," says the brand founder, Isaac Ross.  "We are trying to improve each year and become more aware and respectful of our earth's fragility." Shop our favorite picks from the collection, ahead. 
 Whether you’re a Panama hat kind of gal or prefer an extra-floppy style á la Jacquemus, nothing says vacation quite like a straw hat. Diving into a beach read? Grab a hat. Floating on a pool raft? Hat. Snapping a ‘living my best life’ boat selfie? Besides a glass of rosé, nothing's more integral to your pic than a hat. Ahead, 23 of our favorites you can wear to block the sun (and maybe a hater or two) in style. This woven cowboy hat feels anything but country. If you're feeling brave go for a unique shape with a darling bow. Double the bows, double the fun. Paisley print takes a traditional woven style to the next level. Make like the Insta It-Girls and grab an extra with a capital E style.   You’ll get the shot in this fashion-forward style. This two-tone hat is equal parts edgy and romantic. A tall crown ups the drama. Boldly classic, a black wide-brim hat is always elegant. With an oversized bow, this fedora-style hat is feminine and classic. Heading on a trip? Grab this rollable style that's easy to pack.  Cosplay stylish adventurer in a bold straw style.   Logo lovers, presenting a Gucci hat just for you. From boat cruises to seaside hikes, this style is cooler when cinched by the chin strap. This is so not your mom’s visor.   Is there anything cooler than a woven bucket? This bristly wide-brim has an artisanal feel. Lined with straw, this patterned hat is sporty-chic. What’s prettier than a frayed straw hat with woven buttons and a sage green ribbon? Carrie Bradshaw fans will love this western style. With an extra-wide brim, this hat stylishly shields your entire upper body. A satin pull-through scarf levels up a classic floppy hat. Inspired by birds in the Amazon rainforest, this graphic black and white style was handmade in Ecuador
 Everyone loves a bargain, but it takes a special kind of enthusiasm to attend a mobbed sample sale a mere week after giving birth. Amber Wright, a 34-year-old director of product and development at a beauty accessories company, was still wearing a pair of hospital-issued postpartum underwear when she made her way to Dôen’s New York sample sale in early February. It was a madhouse, she says: There was a line around the block, a line to look at a rack of clothing, and a line to get into a closely-packed changing room filled with women who were “all very sweet and apologetic with one another.” Over five days, 5,000 people attended the sale. Nobody looked twice at Wright's disposable mesh underwear; they all knew what was up. Dôen, which launched in 2016, isn’t a maternity brand, but it’s quickly become a magnet for women in search of stylish, pregnancy- and breastfeeding-friendly clothing. The appeal is partly practical: Empire waist dresses and trapeze smocks accommodate changing bodies (albeit up to size 12), and loose button-downs and wrap dresses are well-suited for nursing babies. But Dôen devotees will also tell you that the brand’s pastoral-feminine designs also have a certain psychological draw. Rooted in founders Katherine and Margaret Kleveland’s Santa Barbara upbringing, the brand’s breezy dresses, billowy blouses, and chunky knit sweaters evoke the kind of easygoing, sunny coastal California lifestyle. This is the Brandy Melville girl, all grown up and on an extended Napa vacation with her kids in tow. Dôen rarely puts its products on markdown, and when it does host a sample sale, it causes a frenzy. The Kleveland sisters used to work in the corporate fashion world, at brands like Joie and Equipment. With their own company, they wanted to rethink the merchant-driven process, in which buyers tell designers which colors and trends to focus on for a given season. This kind of mentality results in brands all making the same stuff, they say. Instead, the Klevelands set out to make clothing that they personally wanted to wear, at a price point between fast fashion and designer clothing that they felt was wide open. (The line maxes out at $558.) They declined to share exact sales figures, but say that in its first year Dôen doubled its projected revenue and has grown by at least 120 percent each year since. The brand rarely puts its products on markdown, and when it does host a sample sale, as it did in February, it causes a frenzy. Motherhood is inextricable from Dôen’s brand identity. The Klevelands started working on Dôen not long after they’d both given birth; Margaret’s son was just two weeks old when they began drafting a business plan. It was in those early days of motherhood that they felt a surge of entrepreneurial spirit. “Margaret and I both felt that giving birth gave us this huge empowerment, and we felt so capable,” says Katherine. “It makes you feel like you can do anything… I think it puts a light on life is happening, seize the moment.” Dôen’s clothes are built with pregnant bodies and breastfeeding in mind, though they can be worn just as well by someone for whom those aren’t considerations. Its campaigns always feature women and children (wearing its Yearling kids collection) playing in gardens or tramping through fields. They look gorgeous and healthy and not at all stressed, which I can only assume is aspirational to busy mothers. It certainly is to me, a childless 27-year-old. 'We both felt that giving birth gave us this huge empowerment, and we felt so capable.' Like many young brands, Dôen has a direct-to-consumer business model, meaning it sells exclusively through its own website rather than wholesaling to boutiques and department stores. (Following in the footsteps of many DTC companies, it’s now preparing to move from the internet to the real world, with its first store set to open in Los Angeles.) But Dôen doesn’t easily fit the mold of successful startups like Glossier, Reformation, and Outdoor Voices. Not only has it avoided the ubiquitous sans serif, minimalist branding (its typographic style is altogether more delicate and romantic), the Klevelands also haven’t funded their company by raising millions of dollars from Silicon Valley venture capital firms. They decided not to take on outside investment in order to maintain control of their brand; funding came from the Klevelands themselves, as well as friends and family. They describe their company as a collective, with equity shared among its ten core members.  Widely appealing yet hyper-focused, Dôen’s design aesthetic is unapologetically feminine, with an abundance of ruffles and puffy sleeves and floral prints, but it always retains a hippie-ish looseness. Its more obviously wearable tops and sweaters (like the best-selling “Henri,” “Lulu,” and “Jane,” named for Jane Birkin) are often styled with a pair of high-waisted blue jeans, à la Madewell. Dôen doesn’t do challenging clothing. It does clothing that will make you look good. To Wright, the mom who attended the sample sale shortly after giving birth to her second child, Dôen felt like a “graduation” from Reformation, a brand with which she closely identified a few years ago. She discovered Dôen just as her career passed the decade mark and she started having children, and found that its style and ethos — softer and less explicitly sexy than Reformation — resonated with her life and values. She now has a closet full of its dresses and blouses. The vision of motherhood that Dôen puts forth hits home with shoppers on a practical as well as an aspirational level. Masa Hensley, a Mississippi-based photographer and an ardent Dôen fan, first fell in love with the brand because of its aesthetic but equally appreciates that she can run after her four-year-old or breastfeed her one-year-old in its dresses. Hensley is just as likely to wear these pieces when she’s not pregnant as when she is, and this versatility points to a key element of Dôen’s appeal to women: It makes no concessions when it comes to maternity dressing. Dôen felt like a “graduation” from Reformation: softer and less explicitly sexy. “I’m so glad I live in a generation where you can be stylish and be a mom,” says Hensley, who is 29 and owns seven Dôen pieces. “For my mom’s generation — she talks about this all that time — it was so hard to find cute or stylish nursing-friendly things. This always bothered my mom, that she couldn’t find things that were super stylish, and we live in a generation where we’re knocking it out of the park.” Dôen gets recommended a lot on the online forums for mothers that Hensley frequents. Thanks to those discussions, it’s got a lot of hype in the mom community, she says. At the same time, Dôen appeals to Amy Gaudion, a 24-year-old from a village in rural England who says that she doesn’t really want kids. She gravitates toward Dôen’s designs because of their femininity and breathability — “I don’t like to feel constrained” — although the expense of the products plus shipping to the UK limits how often she can buy the brand. (She owns two of its dresses and asks relatives who live in the States to bring purchases over for her when they visit.) In lieu of regularly shopping Dôen, Gaudion, who went to art school, uses its campaigns as source material for her paintings, which she posts on Instagram.   Sketchy study of nearby winter meadow and of @alexnoiret again! . . . . . . . #doencollective #painting #watercolor #winter #meadow #trees #artoftheday #artistsoninstagram A post shared by  Amy Gaudion (@amyygaudion) on Jan 31, 2019 at 7:56am PST  Direct-to-consumer brands rely on social media visuals to do the bulk of their marketing, and Dôen excels at this. Always shot in natural light and usually outdoors, Dôen’s product imagery is compellingly free-spirited: Models—some of whom appear to be over the age of 30—frolic in the surf, cradle baby sheep on a farm, and dunk their bare feet in a stream. “Nine months after we launched we saw a huge wave of customers doing their own photoshoots in our clothes and tagging us on Instagram,” says Katherine. “It felt like this whole visibility into our community, and you could tell that they felt beautiful. That’s all you’re hoping for.” If you take a scroll through its tagged photos on Instagram, you’ll see a lot of pictures of shoppers wearing Dôen, photographed in a manner that’s remarkably similar to its lookbooks. “Our photographer and partner Hilary Walsh shoots in a very golden cast and we definitely saw that people were very much imitating her style of shooting,” adds Margaret. Walsh has done all of Dôen’s campaigns, and, with the Klevelands’ blessing, has molded that aspect of the brand’s aesthetic in her image. When I asked her to describe her photography style, she said she hadn’t really considered that question before; she likes keeping shoots uncomplicated and photographing Dôen’s models in natural light without much in the way of equipment. She doesn’t create mood boards, and, surprisingly for someone whose work is so popular on social media, quit Instagram in January because she was concerned about getting sucked into an aesthetic echo chamber and subconsciously replicating other people’s work. The Klevelands, on the other hand, say that they love the feedback loop of seeing how customers are wearing Dôen on Instagram and getting inspired by them in turn.   Stilllllll pregnant 🙋🏼‍♀️ but enjoying these last weeks of pregnancy a lot even though they’re a bit uncomfortable. We’re so curious to meet him💙 what does he look like? Feel like? Sound like? In this funny way it feels like a very long build up to a much-anticipated blind date 👶🏼🤗 A post shared by  Ana Louisa Longley ♡ (@analouisalongley) on Dec 28, 2018 at 7:29am PST  With just 33 employees — and with relative freedom from investors seeking a return — Doen can operate differently from traditional clothing brands. The brand’s website touts its commitment to sustainable and ethical production. The Klevelands say they’re taking a methodical approach to achieving its goal of dressing customers from head to toe, rather than chasing down new categories in the pursuit of sales growth. “We’re committed to never just generating product for sales’ sake,” says Margaret. “I’ve seen a lot of fashion brands exponentially grow and have a strong following, then get oversaturated and fizzle.” Dôen's photographer quit Instagram, concerned about getting sucked into an aesthetic echo chamber. For fans, that dedication to slow growth and ethical production is part of the draw. Gaudion says that she doesn’t even mind the prohibitive cost of Dôen’s products, knowing that they’re solidly constructed and made of quality materials.  Hensley expressed a similar feeling, adding that she appreciates its recyclable packaging. Wright, who has worked in the fashion industry, notes that it takes a lot of effort for a brand to do things right — it would have been so easy for Dôen to make its clothing out of polyester rather than silk, she says, and she appreciates that the company didn’t. “‘Cultish’ is the right word,” she says of the brand’s appeal. “But it’s for really good reasons.”
 Miu Miu's new secret weapon is a 17-year-old dude.  Finn Buchanan flops into a chair like he's been on his feet for a year. It's raining in Paris, and both of us are a little floaty from the grueling thrill of Fashion Month. Buchanan has walked 11 shows in as many days and would have done more, if pesky French labor laws didn't preclude him. He's 17, and forbidden to work between 11pm and 6am, when many castings and fittings take place. "I don't feel 17 though," he sighs. "I kind of feel ancient." That may be, but all evidence says Finn Buchanan is a total teenager. He's got the tangled speech and angled limbs of a kid still growing. He hoards cool sneakers; he's always snacking. He's fallen so hard for his girlfriend—Belgian 20-year-old Maxim Magnus, also a model—that he's tattooing her face on his chest. And he trades silly phone videos with his parents, who live in North London and seem pretty chill with the whole fashion racket.  When Buchanan was 11, his mom took him out of school one day to see an Alexander McQueen exhibit at the Victoria and Albert museum. "I thought it was going to be so boring because it was like a museum exhibition," he says, grinning. "But it totally changed my life. I was so overwhelmed and emotional. I was like, 'I’ve never seen clothes like this. I’ve never seen anything like this. This guy, before he died, he changed people’s lives with clothes. How can I do that? I need to do that.” Six years later, Buchanan is doing that. In addition to being a British teen, a science nerd, and an audacious tattoo client,  Finn Buchanan is an openly trans man on the women's runways of Paris Fashion Week... and the men's runways of Paris Fashion Week... and all the other runways he books. That includes star turns at Marc Jacobs, Celine, and Miu Miu, in whose lookbook you can spot him posing alongside Taylor Hill. Other luxury brands have enlisted trans women in their campaigns—Andreja Pejic, Hari Nef, and Indya Moore among them—but Buchanan is the only trans guy with a multipage Models.com deck of his catwalk coups. "I don't care what I've worn on the catwalk. Dresses, skirts, it's all just fabric," Buchanan says. "And if those images make other boys, or girls, or whoever feel cool or more visible, that's amazing. I think it's so cool that fashion can make people happy. I want to use fashion to make people happy. That's basically it; I'll wear whatever," he shrugs. "It's not weird to ask me to wear a [women's collection] look in a show. What's weird is like... do you know how many people ask how I have sex?!"  'I don't care what I've worn on the catwalk. Dresses, skirts, it's all just fabric.'  We both burst out laughing. It's not funny—it's actually really awful—but also, come on. "Literally every interview I do, people are like, 'So how did you know you liked girls? How did you know you were a boy?' It's like, bro. How do you know who you are?' But if you had asked that," he sighs, "I mean, I get it. I'm used to it. As long as you're not, like, cruel." That question wasn't on my list. But I couldn't resist poking a different sort of bear, asking the Margiela model why he decided to work with designer John Galliano, despite his infamously, like, cruel comments about Jews in 2011. "I did think about that when I heard they wanted to hire me!" he says. "You know, the research I did about him was, everyone’s heard about [his anti-Semitic tirade] at Le Perle. But it’s many years since, and in those years, it’s my opinion that he’s completely turned his image around. And the reality is, drugs fucked him up and he said awful things. He got sober, and he really faced what he had done." "I don’t want to sound ignorant—and I am ignorant; I understand I’m a kid. But in my personal experience, him and his whole team were so respectful. Almost everyone used the right pronouns from the beginning... I felt like everyone made a real effort to be respectful and calm and super chill. It was good vibes the whole time."  round 3 of @maisonmargiela  very fun and fresh thankyou much @jgalliano A post shared by  FINN (@finnbuchanan_) on Jan 23, 2019 at 2:59am PST Buchanan is currently wrestling with another ethical issue in fashion, namely fur  and sustainability. "I don't think I've ever worn fur on a runway," says the vegetarian, "but if Fendi booked me for their show and said, 'You can only be in it if you wear fur,' I’d be like, 'Hell yes, put me in whatever you want!' Because I think having me in the show and what that would mean is such a big deal. Also, something we don’t talk about a lot is that faux leather is so much worse for the environment than actual leather... Just the chemicals it takes to break down materials for fake leather, they're so damaging... They're kind of worse for animals than actual leather." I say that adulthood is one long jagged line between the absolute poles of right and wrong. He looks at me with the pity and sweetness of a 17-year-old boy who's too polite to say, "Dude, you are, like, so old." Then I tell him his research on sustainable materials is solid, and he might want to study science in college. "I actually wanted to be a cosmetic surgeon!" he laughs. "No, come on, I really did! I watch all the videos on YouTube. It’s the fucking dream. But I dropped out of school to model, so… at least for now, I can’t become a doctor. If I ever do though, I want to do tummy tucks and boob jobs. I like it because it’s so gory, but then at the end of it, it makes people so happy. I’m so into that." Making people happy is a running theme in Finn-land, from the kids watching him on the catwalk to the Prada shoes he recently bought for his girlfriend. "It's crazy how a great pair of shoes can make this person feel loved and appreciated and super happy. How great is that?"  'It's crazy how a great pair of shoes can make this person feel loved. How great is that?' Another thing that makes people happy? The circus, which Buchanan has also (briefly) joined. "It's because of church, basically," he says, as if, of course. "My brother was a choir boy, and I was like, 'Mum, I do not want to watch Patrick learn to sing in a vestry every Sunday.' I think my parents just Googled, 'What do you do with your kid on a Sunday?' And they sent me to circus school. I was really excited about it, to be honest. I was such a little kid, but I thought, 'This is the best. Everyone’s dressing up in weird shit and doing crazy things, and everyone else is standing around appreciating it and getting happy because of it. How do I learn to do it?'  I can still juggle, a little. But I also learned contortion, high wire, trapeze, flying trapeze! But now I regret ever [talking] about it, because every article about me is like, 'Circus Boy Finn Buchanan,' as if I'm some kind of..." he trails off. "I mean, it's like, great, that's my reputation now." I ask what he wants his reputation to be in the future; if after working with Miuccia Prada, Katie Grand, Hedi Slimane, and more, he has any role models or guides on his path through fashion. "Not exactly," he says. "But I’ve met people who treat the other people around them really well, really kindly. And I’ve met people who treat people terribly. So I don’t have a role model, per se, but being an actual model, you see a lot of people who think you’re not paying attention. I mean, obviously I am. I see everything. I see a lot of people in the fashion world who suck, and I don't want to be like them because they're mean. And then I see a lot of people who are awesome, and treat people really well, and I think, there, that's my goal," he smiles.  "I guess what I'm saying is, I want to be one of those guys. One of the good guys.” Follow Finn Buchanan on Instagram 
 A seminal fashion label teaming up with one of fashion's It models (who also happens to be married to a mega pop star) makes a lot of sense, especially when said model is Hailey Baldwin Bieber and the brand is none other than Levi's. Today Levi's announced Hailey Bieber as the face of its signature 501 denim, the brand's original blue jean.  Hailey joins the Levi's family ahead of the brand's original denim style turning 146 years old on May 20 and just in time for festival season, which is clearly reflected in the model's customized pairs of 501 Original Skinny Jeans, 501 Short and 501 Authorized Vintage. The 502 Shorts are cut and distressed with paint splats and neon accents, while Hailey's 502 Skinny Jeans feature a cut on the back pocket and "H-A-I-L-E-Y" colored patches going down the leg.  Hailey's street style usually leans toward oversized tops and loose-fitting bottoms inspired by the 90s, so for Jennifer Sey, chief marketing officer of Levi Strauss and Co., Hailey's addition to the Levi's roster was the perfect move.   "Hailey has been wearing our icons, Levi's 501s and 501 shorts and trucker jackets, without us having to ask her to. She's a real authentic fan," Sey told WWD. "It never felt right before but we love Hailey's energy and optimism. It felt like the right time to associate a face with 501." Fans can customize their own pair of denim at Levis Tailor Shops worldwide.  Shop Hailey's Levi's look below. 
 A look for dads and hype baes alike. Between dad shoes, dad bods, and dad hats, you would think our daddy issues would eventually give.  But no. Our fraught relationship with paternal style endures and we're currently inspired by dads on vacation. You know the look, because you watched it up close and personal: the Hawaiian print shirt he bought at the gas station that doubles as a tourist shop; cargo shorts with socks with sandals; and, of course, a neck bag. The chest-front accessory stored your family's passports, hard cash, and the day's itinerary. If your dad was extra suspicious, he'd wear it on the inside of his shirt for fear of Disneyland pick pocketers. He looked lame—but now we want to look lame too? That has to be the only way to explain the sudden resurgence of the pops-approved piece.     Much like the fanny pack, the necklace bag is getting the designer treatment. We first spotted the style on the Gucci runway almost three years ago, but the look is growing in popularity. The Spring 2019 season offered multiple variations:  Jacquemus (of bitty bag fame) pioneered the style as coin purses. Gabriela Hearst layered them with gold jewelry, and Burberry went literal with actual passport holders.    MONDAY :) JACQUEMUS SUMMER 2019 JACQUEMUS.COM A post shared by  JACQUEMUS (@jacquemus) on Apr 1, 2019 at 10:37am PDT  On the streets, neck bags are taking their own form. Hypebeasts and baes alike are especially fond of nylon styles that look directly inspired by the OG dad bags. From chest straps to flat pouches, these anti-theft shapes would make your dad proud. Necklace bags might not be for everyone, but with festival season about to commence, the hands-free look is seriously appealing.   This lil thing is pure, Instagram fodder. It doesn't store much, but our phones will be in our hands taking a million selfies, anyway.  The gold chain on this affordable style makes it more like jewelry than a bag.  Like dads, we love clear instructions. Fendi's necklace features embossed titles to make sure you pack your phone in the right pocket.  Double up with Prada's nylon set. It's two neck bags for the price of one.  This Nanushka bag combines the neck bag, the backpack, and body jewelry. What's not to love?  This low-key looks like a security badge, but we're not mad at that.   Our favorite budget version clocks in under $15, and is an exact replica of the one your dad owns.   A flat zip pouch is the OG style, but Balenciaga made it branded. 
 These 18 million square feet were created by a dream team.  Shoveled and drilled from a former rail depot, Hudson Yards is now a repository for shiny things instead: Dior, Tory Burch, and Cartier are all part of the megalith, which also boasts new restaurants, office buildings for L’Oréal and Tapestry, and 18 acres of urban gardens. (In the surest sign of its longevity and popular appeal, two critics from one publication have already shit on it.)Behind the sparkling steel sits a vast network of women who made Hudson Yards happen, including lead architects, real estate executives, small business owners, ecologists, master chefs, and more.Below, meet seven of them and learn about their contributions to the world of Hudson Yards. MARIANNE KWOK, HUDSON YARDS DESIGN DIRECTOR “Living in New York, it’s such a huge responsibility to try and get it right,” says Kwok, the senior architect at KPF in charge of Hudson Yards’ two commercial skyscrapers. “Knowing your friends and family and peers will be visiting, it’s really important to do everything we could to make Hudson Yards into a vibrant and really great part of the city. But also knowing that people are going to work in these buildings, and your design can make their jobs more enjoyable—more beautiful even—that really spoke with me. When the [Tapestry Inc.] team explained how the Coach designers worked, and their creative process—that was greatly appreciated. It gave us common ground” to build a new kind of skyscraper. “We made an atrium for them. We gave them terraces. We engineered a place to do creative work. That meant a lot.” It also changed New York’s iconic skyline, something Kwok doesn’t take lightly. “As New Yorkers, we use buildings to navigate where we’re going. The fact that I get out of the subway, look up to see where I am, and see towers that we designed? That my kids can point to the buildings and say, ‘My mom made that’—it’s always a thrill.” STACEY FEDER, HUDSON YARDS CMO   As CMO, the Bronx native was adamant about bringing major fashion houses together with smaller businesses in one space. “Shopping is supposed to be fun,” she says, “But it’s also the only true way to support the stores and the designers you love. The fashion community at Hudson Yards has blown my mind a little bit in terms of what’s possible,” including in-store facilities for meditation, naps, and lactation. “They’re changing my perception of what shopping really means.” But even before stores like Fendi and Forty Five Ten open for business, Feder has made her passion a family affair. “My daughter and her entire Girl Scout troop came this week to meet the engineers and builders who made this place. She’s seven, and she’s getting to see it all from the beginning.”AMY LIN, FOUNDER AND CEO OF SUNDAYS NAIL STUDIO “Before I signed our Hudson Yards lease, I’d heard a lot of stereotypes about huge companies and big hierarchies,” says Lin, whose salons feature non-toxic polishes and essential oil blends in their treatments. “But working with the women of Hudson Yards is a totally different experience. Their marketing team, their PR team—They believe in pulling together and getting everything done in a really open, direct way. I really appreciate and enjoy that relationship.” Lin’s latest nail studio will feature space for clients to meditate, wind down with tea and a mindfulness library, or chat with each other in between treatments. “We’ll still maintain the sense of being a corner shop, because that’s who we are,” she explains. “But now, it’s like we’re going from a studio apartment to a one bedroom. We’re here to get a little bit bigger, and make a bigger impact on our neighborhood.”SERENA NELSON, HUDSON YARDS LANDSCAPE ARCHITECT “Both my children have been to Hudson Yards in utero,” says Nelson, who works at the landscape architecture firm Nelson Byrd Woltz and began the project in 2012. “It says a lot about the corporate culture that I’ve had two sons and had the support and teamwork of other women, especially people like Charlotte Barrows, the whole time. It’s an incredible team but it has to be, because the scale of this work is unreal. We’re building a brand new park.” Among the innovations Nelson has built into the design: native New England tree species and “a carpet of horticulturally expressive plants to create a more robust soil system to support butterflies, birds, bees, and insects.” (She’s also had to employ a subterranean cooling system to keep plants from getting overheated by NYC concrete.)  “It’s the opportunity of a lifetime to have a hand in shaping New York City,” Nelson says, “But it’s also been great to introduce sustainable practices, like using perennials, which renew themselves and fortify their own root structure. It will give the public spaces tons of color, but also make them ecologically stronger for all of us.” JAMILLA OKUBO, ARTIST   Okubo reprinted the traditional pattern on 21 feet of vinyl, then created an interactive mural with mirrors embedded in the fabric “trees.” It’s based on the African proverb, “When there is no enemy within, the enemy outside cannot hurt you,” which is also the piece’s title.  “A lot of women love to shop, so I figured, if they’re already here, why not give them something empowering to talk about?” says Okubo.  “To me, the message of the piece is, be whoever you want to be, look however you want to look. Don’t let anybody else tell you how to live your life. Don’t let anyone else tell you how to look like a woman.” Those enamored of Okubo’s mural might pop into Hudson Yards’ new Dior store—the artist collaborated on one of the label’s coveted Lady Dior bags last year.   JENNIFER TUHY, HUDSON YARDS CFO “If there’s anything I learned from working in the [development] industry, it’s to not be afraid of taking risks, and always stepping up to a challenge, even if it seems huge.”That’s why when the position of Hudson Yards CFO came up, she took a leap and took the job. “I knew the actual project would be a lot of work,” says the New Yorker, “but the surprise was how many existing conversations and plans I had to jump right into—like getting into a car that’s already moving.” She’s now driving that car, so to speak, as she drives all financial and accounting aspects of the largest private real estate development in US history. “It means you get to work with everyone—architects, realtors, designers, HR—you and your team are connecting all of them. I don’t think it’s about being a man or a woman, necessarily,” she adds, “but you need to be a great listener and someone who really trusts teamwork.” ANYA FERNALD, BELCAMPO CEO AND SUSTAINABLE FOOD EXPERT “We’re purpose-driven and women led, but that doesn’t really matter if the food isn’t amazing,” says Fernald, who brings her Belcampo Meat Co. from California to New York for the first time at Hudson Yards. “We know people are going to be shopping and exploring on their feet all day, so we have a lot of amazing lean protein bowls, a great Tom Kha Gai bone broth soup, things that are rich and satisfying, but also light.” Of course, if you want one of Fernald’s famous (and sustainable) burgers, that’s on the menu, too. “We’re here to revolutionize meat for the well-being of people, the planet, and animals,” Fernald says, “But we live and die by the quality of our ingredients, the quality of our food, and also the quality of the people in this company… With chef culture, I’m so used to being the only woman in a room full of bros. But Belcampo attracts a very diverse staff, with lots of women but also more people of color, more people in the LGBTQ community. We want our restaurant to feel inclusive. We also don’t party—I don’t ever want my team or my guests thinking they have to do shots with me in order to be part of the family.”  Shots of bone broth? Different story.
 Ahead of the the eighth and final season of Game of Thrones, HBO hosted a premiere event in New York City. Here, all the looks the cast members wore on the red carpet.
 Salvatore Ferragamo joins forces with the Webster to bring a bit of Magic City to your wardrobe. Laure Heriard Dubreuil says she’s been barefoot for the past two weeks. She was on vacation in Mustique; now she’s back in New York, at the Soho outpost of the Webster, the luxury boutique she cofounded in Miami in 2009 (other branches are in Houston; Costa Mesa, California; and Bal Harbour, Florida). We’re on the store’s top floor, a penthouse–turned–personal-shopping haven, complete with 1980s-style low couches and a glass table, that she jokingly refers to as the Scarface room. Dubreuil’s approach to retail is not to think of it as such. “It’s more about lifestyle for me,” she says. The New York store, which opened its doors in 2017, feels like a thriving scene compared to the empty storefronts that now dominate once-crowded shopping blocks. Part of the appeal is the atmosphere: Playful art pieces are sprinkled throughout the space; there’s a hair salon on the fifth floor, and a welcoming plant-strewn aerie with a plush couch for lounging in the back. This month, there’s the added draw of the Webster’s new accessories capsule collection with Salvatore Ferragamo, which marks the first time the store will carry the brand. Dubreuil, shifting out of vacation mode, slips into a pair of ’40s-style wedges crafted for the collaboration.   Paul Andrew, Ferragamo’s creative director, was inspired to create the wedges after seeing an archival photo of Loretta Young wearing a similar pair in 1938. That photo, and that era, informed several aspects of his spring collection: the “languid, oversize silhouettes,” and the palm prints he found in the archive and reimagined. Andrew says he also explored some of the house founder’s ’40s hits that were born out of necessity. Due to wartime rationing, leather and metal were hard to come by, so Ferragamo began “using materials that he was finding locally, like raffia, lace, and straw,” plus cork for wedges and remnants of leather that could be woven to create bags and shoes. A similarly inventive spirit comes across in the seven-piece capsule. There’s an open-weave leather version of the Ferragamo Studio, the first handbag style Andrew created when he joined the house. A pair of red wedges with a curvy stacked heel channels Joan Crawford. For Dubreuil, who divides her time between New York, Miami, and Paris, it was important that the pieces come in her (and her customers’) preferred range of standout colors and work as well on Soho cobblestones as they would on Patmos, where she and Andrew once vacationed together. (They’ve been close since meeting in Paris a decade ago.) “These could be supergood with a miniskirt, for Miami!” she exults, referring to a pair of woven mules.  Both she and Andrew hope that the collection’s pieces will register as instantly familiar. “It feels like you’ve always owned them,” she says. Adds Andrew, “It’s not a fantasy, necessarily. It’s beautiful, elevated—but it can immediately work within your daily life.” For Dubreuil, the whole project is “really about feeling good.” She holds up a pair of heels. “And these make me feel very good.”
 Growing up, every school day morning from elementary to high school began with me slipping into a pair of Dickies’ signature loose fit work pants. I'd sing the same complain-y song every morning, “Why do I have to wear these ridiculous pants? They’re not cute,” and my mom would respond the same way every. single. time. “School is not a fashion show,” she’d say. Says who?  My argument didn’t stand a chance against the brand's affordable price tag (under $30), plus their functionality, versatility, and durability—but little did I know that it was only a matter of time before the same pants I dreaded wearing for much of my childhood would go on to become a mainstay in pop culture and the new It Girl staple on Instagram. Yes, I know it’s hard to look at the carpenter-style, baggy, low-rise classic Dickies 874 work pants and wonder what part of them are fashun, but what was once considered the tough, durable armor for American factory workers quickly became "cool" thanks to hip-hop and pop culture. For west coast rhymers like N.W.A and Tupac, Dickies’ signature chinos were cuffed at the foot and paired with classic Chuck Taylors. Then came Gwen Stefani, who adopted the Chicano or "chola" aesthetic—thin, arched brows and deep red lipstick with an even darker liner—and sported cropped wife beaters and baggy hip-hugging Dickies. Skaters and grunge bands, followed suit. And just like the revival of tartan plaid, chunky sneakers, fanny packs, bucket hats, and mom jeans, everything old is new again and thus Dickies' "cool factor" has returned. Kourtney Kardashian gave us a simple, chic take when she stepped out in a beige pair of Worker Wide-Leg Pants with a matching nude top and shoes. Emily Ratajkowski slipped on a black cropped top to complement her baggy Carpenter Jeans. Now I want on in the brand's revival, starting with the most recent Dickies 1922 x Opening Ceremony unisex collections, which take the brand's work shirt, work pants, and a lab coat and dips them in candy coated pink, brown, and lime green shades and stripes.   Our new collaboration collection with @dickies is arriving on Monday, 04/01/2019. Stay tuned for more details! A post shared by  Opening Ceremony (@openingceremony) on Mar 29, 2019 at 9:00am PDT There's also Dickies Girl, the cool-girl edition of the heritage brand, where the classic worker and carpenter pant styles are cut in wide-leg and cropped hem versions in bold primary colors.    We love how you style your Dickies Girl @zebrawhisperer 🥰 #mydickies A post shared by  Dickies Girl (@dickiesgirlofficial) on Dec 18, 2018 at 9:06am PST  @_abigaylea livin' her best life in her yellow carpenter pants #mydickies A post shared by  Dickies Girl (@dickiesgirlofficial) on Feb 15, 2019 at 5:05pm PST If you're ready to try the trend too, shop my favorite picks below. 
 Excuse me while I gather all my coins and marvel at the greatest news to hit my timeline this morning: Adidas and Beyonce...it's happening. The sportswear giant announced on Thursday, April 4 (Beyonce sure loves the number four) that it would be collaborating with the singer to produce apparel and footwear as part of Ivy Park's re-launch.  A post shared by adidas (@adidas) on Apr 4, 2019 at 7:00am PDT The Ivy Park x Adidas range will be built around performance, lifestyle products, and a "unique purpose-driven program focused on empowering and enabling the next generation of athletes, creators and leaders." The brand described the pair as "natural partners," and for Beyonce, this deal was a no brainer. "This is the partnership of a lifetime for me," the artist said in a press release. "Adidas has had tremendous success in pushing creative boundaries. We share a philosophy that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business.”To refresh your memory, Beyonce became the sole owner of Ivy Park (which she started with her business partner and owner of Topshop, Phillip Green) in November 2018 after buying Green out following sexual harassment allegations made against him. With her new Adidas partnership, Beyonce will retain ownership of Ivy Park.  Beyonce joins Adidas' star-studded roster, which includes Kanye West, Kylie Jenner, Pharrell Williams, and others. 
 I was doing a really great job at fending off the spring shoppies until I hit up Shopbop's website and got a look at what they were selling from one of my favorite brands, Sea. Now I'm in deep shit. My bank account is not going to be happy because I want things. Like, all of the things. Some pieces that are so me, and others that will push me out of my comfort zone and into a new, happy place. Long story short, I think my inner shopping monster has been unleashed Us style and I'm going to do some damage. Here's what I'm eyeing... I imagine this will be a go-to pick for every impromptu hangout I have—low effort, but high impact pieces are a key part of my signature style.  Could these be the perfect work pant? All the protection I'll need to ensure my butt won't stick to the subway seats during my commute.   This summer I'll lean way into my basic behavior, wearing the Insta-perfect white dress and drinking rosé on rooftops with friends.   Another example of a low effort, high-impact piece, I'll wear this dress for strolling around Soho on Sunday afternoons.  A Summer Fridays dress if I've ever seen one: Corporate enough for the office, but comfortable enough to road trip upstate in.  I love the idea of picnics in the park, but actually can't stand sitting on grass fields. This dress will make things infinitely better.  On those August days when I can't stand to put together another outfit, I'll reach for this top that's basically a T-shirt, but better.  A dress that doubles as a swimsuit coverup: What's not to love? I only have one wedding to attend this summer and guess onwhat I plan on wearing. Yep, this dress. 
 On January 19, 2018, Aly Raisman's life changed forever. She came face to face with disgraced former gymnastics doctor, Larry Nassar, to testify as one of the many women who endured sexual abuse from Nassar for years. Raisman has since become an #AerieReal Role Model, using her platform to continue the fight against child sexual abuse. Today, Raisman takes her partnership with Aerie one step further, teaming up with the brand again to debut her own capsule collection of activewear.  Raisman's new Aerie collection, designed to encourage "strength, wellness and mindful living," is made up of nine pieces, including leggings, sports bras, and t-shirts, each inspired by Raisman's personal passions, from the floral printed bra—a nod to her love of gardening—to positive affirmations like "Unapologetically Me" and "In the Moment" that are written throughout the assortment to uplift the individuals wearing the collection.  15 percent of proceeds (up to $75,000) will be donated to Flip the Switch, a nonprofit organization Raisman's launched after several people reached out to the Olympic gymnast "about the lack of support and attention being devoted to the issue of sexual abuse within the sport of gymnastics, particularly at the grassroots level."  Shop the full Aerie x Aly Raisman collection below.  ​ 
 Meghan Markle has worn Princess Diana's jewels to pay tribute to her late mother-in-law sartorially, but the Duchess of Sussex has also channeled some of Diana's iconic looks in the outfits she's chosen for events. Take a look at every time Meghan has paid homage to the Princess of Wales' fashion. Diana in a Bellville Sassoon coat and a hat designed by John Boyd during her visit to Bristol on March 29, 1982; Meghan in an Erdem coat and dress during her visit to Canada House on March 11, 2019. Princess Diana in a white and light blue gown, attending a reception at Spencer House in London on May 6, 1992; Meghan Markle leaving for her second wedding reception in a Stella McCartney gown on May 19, 2018. Meghan wore Diana's aquamarine ring with it. Princess Diana in a pink skirt suit in Argentina during an official visit on November 24, 1995; Meghan Markle in a Carolina Herrera dress during Trooping the Colour on June 9, 2018. Princess Diana in a patterned grey blazer with a white turtleneck at London's Paddington Station on May 3, 1988; Meghan in a Theory off-the-shoulder jacket while visiting Cardiff Castle on January 18, 2018. Diana in a purple hat with a red ribbon, red cropped jacket, white blouse, and purple skirt during her official visit to Hong Kong on November 7, 1989; Meghan in a bright red coat by Sentaler and a Babaton by Aritzia purple dress during her visit to Birkenhead with Prince Harry on January 14, 2019. Diana in white blazer with black stripes and buttons during a walkabout in Sheffield and Rotherham on July 16, 1991; Meghan in a pinstriped Altuzarra dress with a Camilla and Marc blazer at the  Commonwealth Youth Forum on April 18, 2018. Diana in a Jasper Conran trouser suit and white ruffled blouse during a gala at the Expo 86 Theatre on May 3, 1986; Meghan in a bespoke Givenchy suit set with a Lavender Hill boat t-shirt during her and Harry's visit to Ireland on July 11, 2018. Diana in a white top with black accents and matching hat at the Royal Ascot on June 18, 1985; Meghan in a Givenchy dress with a black belt and matching Philip Treacy hat at the Royal Ascot on June 18, 2018. Diana in a black coat dress and commemorative red poppy pin during the Remembrance Ceremony at the Cenotaph in London on November 1, 1984; Meghan in bespoke Emilia Wickstead, a Philip Treacy hat, and red poppy pin during the Anzac Day Westminster Abbey service on April 25, 2018. Diana in a white button-up shirt, brown belt, and high-waist jeans during her visit to Bosnia on August 9, 1997; Meghan in a Misha Nonoo button-up and Mother Denim jeans, making her first appearance with Harry at the Toronto Invictus Games on September 25, 2017. Diana in a collared green tartan dress at the Bute Highland Games in Scotland on August 22, 1987; Meghan in a double-breasted Burberry tartan coat during her visit to Scotland on February 13, 2018.
 "It became harder to touch what it meant to truly be an “activist” in my life." “Can you make sure people know I’m not a Scorpio?” asks Rowan Blanchard. It’s a trippy request, but we are in Laurel Canyon—a California landmark home to so much psych rock history, even the tap water is rumored to make you high.  For the record, Blanchard is a Libra (“which makes me crazy”) who is still just 17. She’s also an official Women’s March speaker, a Miu Miu campaign face, and a special ambassador for H&M’s Conscious Collection, which explains why her leather mini-dress is actually made from pineapple bark. (“Cool, right?” she asks, and yes, it really is.) Here, more from the World of Rowan, including college plans, book recommendations, and the trouble with activism in Hollywood. I’d like to educate myself more on how to dress sustainably, but if you follow me on Instagram, you know that I only spend real money on vintage clothes. I don’t know how those clothes were made originally, but it’s obviously a sustainable way to shop—buy things that are already out in the world.  I hope so, but also, I’m not an activist anymore! I won’t call myself that anyway. I would say I’m an actress and I read books. So I’m smart, but I’m not claiming the mantle of activism anymore.  I decided against it probably a year ago, but I didn’t tell anyone. It’s just a personal thing I’ve been deciding for myself, you know? But I don’t want to be labeled as an activist. That was something I self-identified with for a long time. But I was always struggling with the fact that, the reality is, I still want to be an actress; I want to be a director; I want to be active and help create real change, but I’m still playing this very mainstream game. And it gets to the point where ethics cross each other. It became harder to touch what it meant to truly be an “activist” in my life. Maybe I’ll identify with that label again at some point, but for now, I think I’m just me. I lost the meaning for a second. I absolutely do want to go. I think since I’ve lived in LA my whole life, I’d like to come to New York for college and try it out there. And I’d like to study something arts related, like art history because it’s all-encompassing. And then I want to minor in something really academic, maybe philosophy? Science? Something like that. But I haven’t done too much research into the application process yet, or where, specifically, I might want to go. I’m going to take a year and figure it out.  I would like to! Oh gosh, I so hope I can do it. The hope and prayer is to make something with [visual artist] Alia [Penner, aka Alia Pop]. I want to write it; I want her to direct it. We want to make something fantasy-based. I mean, real fantasy—fairies, unicorns, everything.  Ha, no! I’m getting into Susan Sontag’s diaries from when she was a teenage girl. They are so good, obviously. 
 When a standard one-piece feels too covered, but a bikini feels too bare, a low-back swimsuit is subtly sexy and über chic. Running the gamut from high-cut legs and slinky straps to square necklines and sweet details, this year’s crop suits (ha, sorry!) every taste. Shop our top 27 picks, including minimalist cuts, glamorous metallic fabrics, and feminine print options. An under-$100 option you'll find yourself reaching for time and time again.  Get your Baywatch on in this minimal red one-piece. A low scoop back is a sexy offset to this garden floral print. Picture proof that a one piece does not have to be frumpy.  You’ll light up the beach in this electric yellow shade. If it's good enough for J. Lo, it's good enough for us!  A slightly racier style takes the preciousness out of pretty pink gingham. Cut from the brand’s signature sculpting fabric, this cobalt suit is anything but buttoned up. Wide ties lend an elegant touch to this ultra-chic one piece.  Make this investment piece work harder by wearing it as a swimsuit and a bodysuit while on vacation.  Available in sizes 00 to 16W., this super-sleek one-piece dips low at the sides and in the back.  Equally as flattering as leopard or dizzying spots, a giraffe print is unexpected, but stylish.  A low lace-up back livens up this classically nautical style. At once sexy and sweet, this pale blue one-piece dips ultra-low in the front and back. This sporty one-piece is made from recycled plastic bottles and uses less water, energy, and natural resources. Unusual color-blocking can actually be quite flattering.  This low-back eyelet swimsuit takes the business out of pinstripes. Famous for designing Julia Robert's infamous cut-out dress in Pretty Woman, Hunza G's modern signature is textured swimsuits with elevated details, like this taupe one-piece that's finished with a metallic sheen. Rep your city no matter where your travels take you.  You may know LoveShackFancy for ultra-feminine dresses, but this year, the brand has introduced an equally idyllic line of swimwear. You'll fall in love.  This minimalist one piece is ‘90s-era beach babe to a T. Thin straps and a low back give this snake-print one-piece a subtly sexy spin. With delicate crisscross straps and a plunging back, this suit is black, white, and bold all over. A modern take on ‘70s-inspired crochet, this flattering style features a sweetheart neckline and boning to support and contour your shape. The plunging V-shaped back plays up the impact of this color-block suit. With a splash of ‘80s nostalgia, this angular one-piece features clean lines, thick straps, and a so-low back. The blue metallic microfiber of this glamorous navy one-piece will play up your summer glow.
 Stephanie Gilmore carves her baby pink board against the turquoise waves at Mākaha Beach in Hawaii with a measured force. While other surfers fight the waves, she slices through them in double the time. She emerges from a crowded break, and beachgoers rise from their towels and squint to see who she is. Her energy ripples through the crowd as her graceful speed—not to mention the fact that she’s wearing a hot-pink anorak for our photo shoot—captures onlookers’ attention. Gilmore is surf royalty.  And she’s making waves where it all started. Just thirty miles north of Honolulu with the Waianae Mountain Range in the background this small pocket of paradise was the birthplace of big wave surfing. Mākaha, in Hawaiian, roughly translates to “savage.” Gilmore upholds its legacy.  Gilmore, 31,  grew up in New South Wales, Australia and started surfing at age 11. At 17 she won her first competition and hasn’t slowed down since. Like all pro surfers, she’s chasing the perfect wave competing in one surf tour to the next. She still calls Australia home, but keeps semi-permanent outposts in Hawaii, California, and other cities where the waters swell. She’s a local hero to every surfing community, thanks, in part, to her relentless positivity. Her hometown nickname is Happy Gilmore. She calls herself “happy” four times throughout our interview with a tone of humility that belies her seven world championships.  Just don’t tell her she surfs like a man.   “Most compliments for female surfing are like, ‘Oh, you surf so well, you surf like a guy,’” she says, adding that she’s heard her surf style described as “masculine” before. It’s the only time throughout the course of our interview that her sunshine-y tone shifts. "No, I think the best guy surfers actually surf like girls." She explains: “Generally I think that most females tend to ride with the wave,” she says. “They're sort of adjusting their maneuvers and everything because physically, we're not as strong as the guys. […] We have to do maneuvers based on what the waves will allow us to do. Guys, they're a little more aggressive. They almost have an abrasive approach where they're fighting against the wave.”   
  She pauses, and backtracks. “There's no gender to [surfing],” she says. “You can see a relationship that this human has with the ocean when she's riding a wave and that’s what’s really special to watch.” Genderless, however, is not what surfing in 2019 is.  But Gilmore has high hopes for the future of  the sport, which will be officially recognized as an Olympic sport for the first time at the 2020 Games in Tokyo.  Surfing is notorious for being a boys' club, with a long history of sexism and inequality. It’s a territorial sport, all about catching a wave, and women often have difficulty breaking through line-ups dominated by men.  The World Surf Tour, the governing body that runs professional surfing competitions, consists of 16 women and 36 men. More often than not the best competitions sets are reserved for men. Gilmore explains: “if the waves are really good, then they put the men on, and if the waves aren't so good, then they put the women on.” But there’s no place where the inequity in surfing is more starkly obvious than when it comes to prize money.   In March of 2018, the men’s winner of the Gold Coast pro received $100,000, while the top woman was paid $65,000. A few months later, a photo of two junior surfers went viral, showing the two teens with their oversized checks. The disparity was blatant; the female winner won half as much as her male counterpart. 

  “When men and women are crowned champions and they stand on the podium together and they have an equal prize check, that's so up front and center for everybody to see that this should be normal,” says Gilmore. In addition to surfing finally being recognized by the Olympics, the progress Gilmore and her contemporaries have made tracks with the progress made in more popular sports. For Gilmore, it’s about legitimizing surfing with “more air time on broadcast and to help grow the sport," she says. "If there are young girls out there that want to choose that path of being an official surfer, now they look at me and go, ‘Oh my gosh, it's a legitimate career.’"    Gilmore worked directly with the WSL, and in September 2018 they announced that male and female winners would receive the same prize money. A few months later Gilmore secured her last win in December 2018. ”It's [about] not being afraid to just stand up and use your voice for something and I've always been pretty quiet on that part,” Gilmore admits. “I think for [the WSL], it was just a matter of righting a wrong.” It’s thanks to big changes like this, and smaller more incremental ones along the way, that surfing is finally becoming a girls’ club too. “We're like a family on the road, whether we like it or not,” Gilmore, a Roxy ambassador, says of the fellow women on the tour. The roster includes some of her best friends like Tyler Wright and Kelia Moniz (lovingly known as Sis, whom you may have spied on Hailey Bieber's Instagram—the two a re good friends). She gushes about them without pretense. “We really respect each other. So we know that once the event's done, we can come back and all party and celebrate together and it's not an issue.” Pro surfers are constantly appearing on each other’s Instagrams, commenting congratulations, retweeting each others’ accomplishments. It’s peak women supporting women, except they are also each other’s fiercest competitors. Their friendships and feeds are indirectly tearing down toxic surf culture Instagram like by Instagram like. During our photoshoot, fans young and old approach Gilmore her every twenty or so minutes, like clockwork, to take a selfie or congratulate her. Gilmore is so, well, happy, and easy to talk to, if it weren’t for the constant interruptions it’s easy to forget that she is the best in the world at what she does. But then she reminds me. When I ask if she can surf in a knee-length coat she smiles, “I can surf in anything. I’m a competitive person.” Photography by Tyler Joe; styled by Justine Carreon; hair and makeup by Jasmine Mullins; video by Tom Law; editing by Tyler Joe
 (It was awesome, and so are her new sunglasses.) “Kim Kardashian West looks like she might be the 20-something nanny or assistant of Kim Kardashian West,” wrote Molly Young. It was for ELLE’s April cover story in 2018, and guess what? Yesterday in Bel-Air, exactly a year later, that couldn't be farther from the truth.  Kim Kardashian West wears a Mugler jacket with pierced metal sleeves, python Gucci pants, tightrope-high Louboutin heels, and an Hermès bag. Her hair falls in long, gleaming waves. Her face is perfectly symmetrical, seemingly ageless, but somehow quite adult. Kim Kardashian West looks unmistakably like The Queen of Everything. Which, let’s face it, she basically is—at least when it comes to capitalism. Accordingly, she’s being worshipped—and carefully studied—by a pack of “super-influencers” at the launch of her new sunglasses line for Carolina Lemke, and model-slash-moguls like Larsen Thompson have come to kiss the ring. (Wearing KKW lipstick, obviously.)  After gifting each girl with a pair of her shades and posing next to floating models of her own head (Return to Oz, anyone?), the Most Famous Person Ever™ sat down for a surprisingly deep discussion on power, parenting, and rap star church.  A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Mar 22, 2019 at 3:38pm PDT It started with a friend of mine, Bar Rafaeli, who I’ve known for years…We have sleepovers with the jeweler Lorraine Schwartz, who’s also our friend, where we wear pajamas and eat ice cream and try on jewelry and talk about our babies. And at one of them, Bar said, “Hey, I’m making sunglasses. Can you check them out and tell me what you think?” And I was so impressed… When I saw how well they turned out, I was like, “Can I do this, too?” The bonus is, nobody in the US knows who they are, which to me, was a big plus. It meant I could shape the brand however I wanted, without any preconceived notions about who the customers already are or what the vibe already is. That was really important to me.  And the truth is, I liked working with them so much, it was only supposed to be six styles. Now it’s over 20, because I asked if I could be a partner, and I got really into the design process, the campaign, everything. They let me do all of it. All the girls in the campaign wear masks of my face. Every single model—they’re not my exact measurements but we wanted them to be as close as possible. But first, we did a full body scan of me digitally and made mannequins of my body. Then we decided to make [facial] masks, also. They brought me a picture of a hundred masks in a row, not as a campaign image but just to see how the masks were coming along. And I said, “No, that’s it. That’s the image. Three masks in a row.” Sometimes it just all clicks for me—the images I want, how everything should look. That my face looks really weird without eyelashes! I was like, “No, please add these.” Also, I kept changing the lip color. It was darker, but on a mask, that wasn’t great. We went back and forth a lot to pick the right lip color so it looked cool instead of creepy. Actually, I’ve gotta take a picture of it—they’re obsessed with the masks! North and Saint keep putting the masks on and wearing them all over the house trying to scare people. They think they’re the funniest things. They think they’re in on some amazing prank. I love stories like that. And yeah, I do worry about them getting along, because for my sisters and I, we were just so close growing up and obviously still are. And I want them to be, too! But they’re starting to get closer now that she can include him in her jokes. She roped him into an April Fool’s prank yesterday that was ridiculous. She took ketchup into my bathroom, and she begged me to let her spread it on me, and on the bathroom, as if it was like a bad scary movie. Then she asked me to lie down. I thought she was just playing, maybe that she was going to say I was hurt. No. She taught Saint how to fake-cry—she showed him how to do it!—and then she told him to scream “Mommy’s dead!” Kanye ran upstairs and he was like, “Kids, this is not funny. This is not a good prank.” I completely understand and I agree. But it did make me a little impressed that they planned something together, and they were getting along and having fun as a team.  Morning ✨ pic.twitter.com/CR4ksfSowC I understand. I get that maybe they can show your personality? Like, if the guys have really cool sunglasses, you can see their personal style a bit. But wearing sunglasses in your main profile photo? No. I want to see your eyes. I think it can look very cool, and I also think if someone’s doing it, more often than not, it’s because they need to wear them. I remember a few years ago, my mom had something wrong with her eye. It was really swollen, she was obviously uncomfortable, and she couldn’t put makeup on because it might make it worse. At the same time, she had a lot of commitments. I think Kendall was walking Victoria’s Secret for the first time, so she had to go. I was like, “Mom, sunglass it up.” So she wore her shades everywhere she went for a week. Some people commented, “Omigod, Kris Jenner is such a diva!” I remember thinking that was really uncalled for, and really unfair. You never know what’s going on under the surface with someone’s life. In my mom’s case, she had an issue with her eye, she wasn’t going to make it worse with makeup, and she looked just as amazing with the sunglasses! They were a total vibe. And I will never be mad at sunglasses inside, because they look incredible. That’s amazing.  I am very fortunate that my mom and I have worked together from the very beginning of my career. She is the best negotiator, and that’s always been her role. I didn’t have that loud personality in the beginning that allowed me to negotiate for myself. I was really insecure about how to negotiate for myself, and so I would always look to her to show me how to do that for myself.  Now I think I’d be very confident in doing that for myself, but it’s always a learning curve. So what I would suggest to someone at the beginning of their career is to start off by saying yes to everything. I felt like there was power in learning from everything and trying it all… Now of course I look back, and although I love that phase of my life and I learned so much going through it, I wish I’d had the confidence to say “no” to things I didn’t believe in. I would love to teach that my kids, and my friends, and my younger sisters. Just stay true to who you are in your career and stand up for what you believe in when negotiating.  In terms of where I am now, I feel like everyone’s time is just as important, whether it’s a makeup artist or a photographer and whether they’re a man or a woman. Everyone’s up at the same hours; everyone’s up doing the same thing; everyone’s working so hard. So in my companies and in my household, I have so many women employees, and everyone is completely paid equally. I think it’s so important and it sets the tone. There’s not one person with the same job, female versus male, that’s paid any less by any means. That’s not how I would ever run my company or my life.  KIM'S PUBLICIST: No. KIM: Yeah! It’s fine! I’m really excited for Kanye to perform Coachella. I’ve never been.  I know! my friends are like, “How…?” But yeah, this will be my first time ever going to Coachella, and I’m so excited to be a part of it for the first time. And [the church], it’s honestly more like a healing experience for my husband. It’s just music; there’s no sermon. It’s definitely something he believes in—Jesus—and there’s a Christian vibe. But there’s no preaching. It’s just a very spiritual Christian experience. Absolutely! Kourtney’s best friends comes all the time and they’re Muslim. All my Jewish friends came on Sunday; they loved it. Everyone that comes understands it’s just a really healing experience with an amazing choir, and amazing messages about love to start off your week. I’m not sure! Everyone’s asking, even my mom. She asked, “How many people can I bring?” I was like, “Mom, I don’t know the set-up; I don’t even know where it’s going to be. I’ve never even been to Coachella—I have no idea. All I know, it’s going to be 9am. I’m sure half the people who come will be up from the night before. But I do hope everyone can experience it—everyone—because it’s going to be really special and so cool. Of course!
 Legendary supermodel Pat Cleveland was the talk of the town when she walked during the Tommy Hilfiger x Zendaya 70s-inspired runway show at Paris Fashion Week last month. But after hitting the runway, the 68-year-old supermodel was rushed to the hospital where she was later diagnosed with colon cancer. Now, her family members are asking for financial support to help Cleveland cover medical costs. According to a GoFundMe page launched by her husband, Paul Van Ravenstein, Cleveland had surgery in Paris and is recovering with the help of her daughter, Anna Cleveland. "Thankfully, Anna has been by Pat’s side throughout, taking great care of her mom," Van Ravenstein wrote on the page. He told WWD that Cleveland is expected to be discharged from the hospital on April 8 but will likely have to rest in Paris for a while before heading back to the states where she'll seek further treatment.  Pat Cleveland had a hell of a run at this year's Fashion Week shows. In addition to walking in the Tommy Hilfiger x Zendaya runway show in Paris, Cleveland also walked in Hellessy and Naeem Khan's fall 2019 NYFW shows.  Van Ravenstein admits that the diagnosis caught everyone by surprise. "This is coming out of left field. She’s healthy, she’s vegan. She doesn’t drink, she doesn’t smoke,” van Ravenstein told the outlet. “I thought we had her checked four or five years ago. But I went to the hospital here near our house and it seems the last time she was checked was in 2007. That’s too long. At a certain age, you have to do it every five years. Now I just want her back to her young self. She’s a very strong person so she’s going to be back. And I’m glad for that.”
 There are more ways to feel sexy on the beach than wearing a revealing bikini. In the past few years, one-pieces have shirked their reputation for being prudish thanks to ultra-low backs and plunging necklines, and now there's a new—old?—cut in town that's taking things to a new level: the frong. Swimsuit brands are cutting one-pieces that look straight out of the '80s, complete with a high cut on the upper thigh that shows off your thighbrow. Flattering on many body types, the silhouette works with styles that range from minimalist chic to Malibu Barbie, and is especially great for those who don't want to show off their midriff.. Shop 13 styles we love, ahead.  Contrast color blocking give this suit an '80s mall feel, but in the best way possible. If Malibu Barbie wanted to jazzercise on the beach she'd wear this.   This is one of my favorite swimsuits. Ever. The quality fabric feels more expensive than just $22, and the cut flatters your waist without giving you a muffin top.  Nothing is racier than this checkerboard swimsuit, complete with a low back, an ab-baring cutout, and an ultra-high thigh.  This swimsuit is for hyper-minimalists. There are no frills, but it still packs major heat.  This chic suit belongs on the French Riviera. It is relatively modest, but its high-cut is suggestively sexy.  Hunza G makes some of the most form-flattering cuts. We love her knit one-pieces, which all feature a higher thigh.   Denim doesn't normally belong in the pool, but Solid & Striped has changed our minds. An asymmetric bodice running parallel to the high thigh cut makes for an ultra-sexy but also flattering cut.  If you're looking for simplicity and color, a suit from Somthing Navy's collaboration with Nordstrom is for you.   Double down on the wild style in an animal-print suit.  Tangerine looks good on almost every complexion, so shop now before this budget-buy sells out. A suspender style that's meant for the 'gram.  Nobody loves a thigh-high cut more than our girl Emily Ratajkowski. In fact, she has her own line of swimwear that showcases her love for hip-baring suits. 
 I Have Nothing to Wear is the monthly series asking ELLE staffers and industry influencers to obsessively record what they wore for a full seven days. From the discarded to the which-shirt-goes-better? moments, it's a complete snapshot of how we think about getting dressed. My closet is mostly full of... denim, printed dresses and skirts, and a pretty robust section of blazers. I want to be buried in... a floor-length dress, sharp-shoulder blazer, charm jewelry, and no shoes.  MONDAY  It was not snowy on Monday, but NJ Transit was very aggressive with its salting, so the walk from my car to the station was a minefield. I adore these Sorel boots, but since I had some meetings, when I got to work I swapped into a pair of shoes I keep under my desk. As a reformed under-desk-shoe-hoarder, I try to only leave styles that are too delicate to commute in (like super soft, pale pink ballet slippers and my Celine heels) or seasonly aren't up for it (Chanel slingbacks that work in this weather if I'm inside, not outside). When I left the house, I wasn't sure which shoe I'd pull on, but I knew one of them would work. I usually end up putting a pair on and completely forgetting about it until I eventually wander down to the ladies' room and its full-length mirror. After obsessing over a simple, thin crewneck camel sweater, I finally found one at Banana Republic. It's insanely versatile, and it's what I grabbed on Monday when I needed something basic but elegant. If I decide on bottoms first—like here, where the leather gave me a break from denim—the top role can be harder to cast. Having a go-to makes getting dressed speedy.  I mostly rotate between the same pieces, but this Lulu Frost necklace is more of a statement item (that I always get compliments on).   TUESDAY  I love a good full skirt, but it requires something you can tuck in so you don't look rectangular. I bought this short-sleeve knit secondhand with the exact idea of wearing it with something like this; it's almost cropped, so it fits right into the skirt.  An outfit with and without a blazer can feel so different; it's the perfect finishing touch. I organize my closet by staples, so when I was staring at the blazer section this morning I felt so bored by the camel one that always goes with everything. I'm still unsure if the red, white, and blue really work with the maroon skirt, but it didn't scream "no" at me. I was also at the point where you need to get out the door or risk missing your train, so I had to go with it. These are a new, secondhand purchase to help when it's too cold for ankles or calves but you just can't with black tights. (I'm intending on wearing these with midi hemlines during transitional weather times.) They're comfortable enough to wear to and from, but I've decided to leave them at work to avoid salt stains.  WEDNESDAY  And I'm doing it! I love the shape, the drama, the romance, and the unexpected nature of it. It sounds ridiculous to say/type, but what's the difference between a "gown" and a "maxi dress" anyway? It's a good styling hack too since on chilly days like this one, they're easy to wear long underwear with (s/o Uniqlo Heattech!). To both stay warm and feel less fancy, I layered a thin black turtleneck underneath. I switched into the ballet flats I always keep at my desk when I got to work, but for the commute, I used my trusty Sorel wedge boots. I didn't love the line of it since the height pulled the hemline up from the ground, but that was the point. Long dresses are dirt magnets, so it was important that I wasn't basically sweeping my train station, the subway car, and everywhere in between with my dress gown.  THURSDAY  Our market editor, Justine Carreon, put this skirt in a shopping story, and when I saw it in person in my local H&M, I decided I needed to have it. There was an important lunch event on my schedule for the day, so I wanted to look polished but still like a magazine staffer. Somehow, adding stripes to leopard felt like the right way to make that happen. I thought the tighter fit of the wool navy-and-white sweater would look the best but tried my boxy Breton tee on too. I was right from the beginning. Again with answering a complicated hemline and still-not-super-warm forecast. I'd probably like this outfit more in a month's time when I could wear it with flat leather sandals, but I'm not the kind of person who sacrifices comfort for an outfit.  FRIDAY  I believe in the idea that what you wear makes you feel better, so usually by mid-afternoon I can convince myself to change from pajamas into actual clothes. My mindset is often, "What do I want to wear that I won't be wasting?" None of my colleagues will see it, so I don't want to wear something great. Skinny jeans and a cozy sweater are basically the same things as yoga pants and a sweatshirt. Since my coat stays on when I'm at the grocery store or running errands, there's very little square footage to really show your personality. Because of that, I always try to remember to put on necklaces or earrings on days out of the office. You might not see what shirt I'm wearing, but you will see that I have cool jewelry.  SATURDAY  This year I invested in a "nice" down coat that I'll wear to work (and the pilates studio), but I will never give up my dog-walking down coat. There's a routine with it: Treats go in one pocket, plastic trash I pick up while walking go in the other, and it's gotten beat up enough that there's nothing stressful about a dog jumping up with dirty feet. I had a baby shower that afternoon at a house where you typically leave shoes at the door. This makes me so anxious with outfit planning that I'll pre-warn friends if we're going somewhere as such so they know to be thoughtful about their socks (or non socks!). I wanted a shoe that would allot for a higher sock so I wouldn't be stuck walking around a house in little no-show socks.  SUNDAY  I moved to the suburbs for a reason, including trodding around in my yard with animals and riding horses. The practical elements of this can't be thought about too much (you need boots!), but I do love some good layering for this weather. I skipped a thick jacket in favor of thinner pieces I could peel off. Per my request because it was a piece I knew my wardrobe was lacking. I'm not into the look of a proper raincoat, but I wanted something that would be good for drizzle. I also wanted something that felt classic and, honestly, very "country aristocrat" so I could wear it with workout clothes but also jeans to dinner.  Shop the "Country Aristocrat" style below: 
 The pair worked together many times over the years. Carine Roitfeld will be taking on a new role at Karl Lagerfeld's namesake label, following the death of the designer this year. She has become style advisor of the brand, a position she has signed on to do for the next three seasons. Throughout Carine's career, she worked closely with Lagerfeld on many occasions, including co-publishing a book entitled The Little Black Jacket, as well as working on Lagerfeld's collaboration with H&M together back in 2004. She has also worked closely with the brand in recent months, putting together a collection called The Edit By Carine Roitfeld, which will be released this September. "I am blessed and thankful for having had the opportunity to work with Karl for so many years—we shared not only a professional relationship but a deep friendship," Carine says. "He will always be a legend, who redefined the notions of fashion, photography and celebrity. It is my honor to collaborate with his namesake brand as style advisor, carrying out his iconic vision for the upcoming three seasons." Carine will work alongside Hun Kim, Karl Lagerfeld's design director in the hope of honoring the late designer's vision.  "We already have a powerful design team in place, which was established by Karl, including design director Hun Kim who was appointed directly by Karl," Pier Paolo Righi, the company's CEO said. "Combined with Carine’s talent as a style advisor, we will celebrate Karl’s iconic design aesthetic and bring it to life." Carine's first collection in her new role will be for Spring/Summer 2020.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Digital Style Director Nikki Ogunnaike explores in a new episode of Online, IRL. Stitch Fix has changed the shopping game with its picked-by-a-stylist selection of apparel and accessories. Whether you're intrigued because you're constantly pressed for time or just looking to introduce new pieces into your wardrobe, it's definitely something to consider. ELLE's Digital Style Director Nikki Ogunnaike tested the waters for you in our latest episode of Online, IRL. Watch above to see what she got in her Fix and how everything fit, then fill out your own style profile here.
 There's an undeniable "cool factor" Nicolas Ghesquière brings to his Louis Vuitton shows, from models walking down the picturesque metal bridge runway at the MiHo Museum in Japan for LV Resort 2018 to LV's Cruise 2019 at the French Riviera. Next up on Nicolas Ghesquière's Louis Vuitton globetrotting tour? New York City's John F. Kennedy Airport. On May 8, Louis Vuitton stage its Cruise 2020 collection show in the airport's newly revived TWA Flight Center, making the luxury house the first to hold an event at the midcentury architectural landmark since it closed in 2001.  Ghesquière first announced the location of Louis Vuitton's Cruise 2020 show in a short clip posted to his Instagram last November, in which he put together a montage of all the landmarks Louis Vuitton's cruise shows have been held at, ending with the New York City skyline.  My next cruise show @louisvuitton will be in New York on May 8th 2019. A post shared by @ nicolasghesquiere on Nov 16, 2018 at 6:14am PST “The TWA Flight Center, a sheer evocation of travel itself, is inherently linked to Louis Vuitton’s commitment to exclusive architectural discoveries, to its art of travel, and represents an ideal close to Nicolas Ghesquière’s inspirations,” the brand told WWD. The TWA Flight Center, a 200,000-square-foot futuristic structure, features a wing-shaped roof and tall glass windows designed by Finnish-American architect Eero Saarinen and opened its doors in 1962. After shutting down in 2001, the building will reopen to the public on May 15, 2019, just a week after Louis Vuitton debuts its collection. According to WWD, JFK's TWA Flight Center will feature restaurants, fitness centers, retail shops, bars, and the Paris Café by Jean-Georges Vongerichten.
  Pool party? Beach barbecue? Dayclub? (That's a thing, right?) Going out in the summer often means being in a bathing suit for part of the time. So what to wear around it? We rounded up 13 tips, complete with advice on the best fabrics to combat heat, wardrobe basics that always work, and more.  Read on for our guide to poolside/beachside style, here.  Opt for natural fabrics like cotton or linen that can handle the forecast. All you really need is a cute bottom when you're wearing a one-piece bathing suit. We love this summery Jacquemus skirt, but denim cut-offs always work.  If you're feeling carefree, we love how simple a t-shirt looks over a bikini. Overalls are easy to wear over swimsuits.  When the sun goes down a lightweight jacket is key.  I love this coordinating look from Cult Gaia, which sticks to a basketweave theme.  Tallulah Bean Bag, $198; cultgaia.com SHOP NOW You probably own a white button-down for work. Convert it for the weekend by layering it over your swimsuit.  A Pareo, interchangeable with the term sarong, is a large piece of fabric that can be worn as a skirt, dress, or scarf. With all these options, pareos are an easy-to-pack solution for any summer event.  You can never have too much sun protection!  Hawaiian print is one of the top trends of 2019. For a dad-on-vacation look, search your local tourist shops. There are feminine styles to choose from too, like this affordable set.  If flat sandals aren't for you, try platforms that won't sink into the lawn.  You match your bathing suit, so you might as well coordinate your outfit. Printed sets are fun for summer, and I love this prawn print from Rachel Antonoff.  Dresses are a sensible choice for pool parties, but how often do you get to wear a caftans? Every caftan opportunity should be seized with relish.
 Street style images have become the de facto bible of fashion inspiration. With a just-right  mix of stylish people and amazing clothes, the photos we collect from fashion weeks and fashionable cities can always be counted on to inspire your own shopping. Here, seven photos that grabbed our attention and a similar piece to shop. With a more-is-better attitude, print mixing always attracts attention. The trio of this outfit—florals, a graphic knit, and snakeskin—wasn't shy about talking out loud.  They key to making it non-headache-inducing? Counterintuitively, don't pick prints or shades that are too similar. Diversity is what makes it work. SHOP NOW Search for a painterly print that can be worn on its own, but also layered under a sweater for a print mix-up like our street style inspo. The persistence of athleisure has meant decidedly sporty pieces are now part of the street style canon. Toss in a bit of the '90s streetwear vibe that's been having a moment and you get this day-glo orange windbreaker.  Eye-catching due to color alone, the billowy silhouette of this jacket also adds an interesting element. SHOP SIMILAR If it looks like something you owned in middle school, you're doing it right. Elevate its casual nature by copying, pairing with skinny black pants and sharp shoes. Pastel suiting is having a major moment per editors at this title and Macy's The Edit.  Sherbet colors read best against other powdery hues (not contrasted against, say, a deep black), making the matched set an ideal way to try the trend. To max out the '80s energy, do as you see, cuffing sleeves, wearing with a similar tone shirt, and stacking on the jewelry. SHOP NOW Look for classic cuts and plan on wearing them styled casually, with sneakers and a tee, or office-ready with nude pumps and a neutral blouse.  A bright oversized sweater is playful and cozy, but can also read a bit juvenile if you don't style it just so.  Take direction from the more or less professional dressers that street style photogs capture: Pair with statement heels and plain bottoms that won't compete with the bold colors. SHOP SIMILAR Get the same energy via a tie-dyed hoodie. The humble sweatshirt enters a new dimension when styled with heels and skinny pants. Fashion insiders rely on roomy straight-leg jeans with a waistband that hits near the belly button as their go-to denim. The high rise makes it all the better for tucking a top in, a cinched silhouette that, in this case, balances a men's short-sleeve shirt worn open and loose.  The choice of shoes here—sleek PVC heels that almost disappear—was purposeful too. Sexy and feminine, they're the antidote to the outfit's less "pretty" aspects. SHOP SIMILAR Experiment with different silhouettes by adding in a similar pair of high-waisted jeans.  The pastel trend shows up outside of suiting too, with multiple candy-colored pieces being worn together for a full-on look.  With a similar color composition, you can hardly go wrong when mixing. Powder-blue pants, a lilac sweater, and a petal-pink bag? Yes x three. SHOP NOW Robin's egg blue is soothing to the senses. Try pairing it with any pale colors you already own (cream counts if you're afraid of going too bold).  Trench coats are classic, but the style set likes subverting them just so by reaching for non-khaki colors. Another outfit hack to study? Really think about how you close it. Instead of wearing it loose and open as the norm, try belting an unbuttoned version as seen in this photo. Alternatively, go all in on buttons, fastening them from throat to thigh. SHOP NOW You'll keep a piece like this forever, but this season, consider stepping outside the box and buying one in a slightly different color.
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Who: Lizzo  When: March 28, 2019 Wearing: Christopher John Rogers  Why: Lizzo attended the Glaad Media Awards in Beverly Hills, California wearing a chartreuse shirtdress by designer on the rise, Christopher John Rogers. Neon has never looked this good, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Indya Moore  When: March 23, 2019  Wearing: Altuzarra Why: Indya Moore is our summer inspiration. Here, at the PaleyFest in Hollywood, California, her patchwork crochet dress and seashell belt is now on our shopping list too. Who: Maria Borges  When: March 28, 2019 Wearing: Alexis Mabille  Why: Borges mixed her metals at the Fashion Trust Arabia Gala, reminding us to never worry about wearing gold and silver jewelry together again.  Who: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge  When: March 28, 2019 Wearing: J. Crew turtleneck, See by Chloe combat boots Why: At first glance, Kate Middleton's outfit in Epping, England might seem pretty simple. But note how she wore her scarf, folded flat and worn like a necklace. So good.  Who: Ashley Graham  When: March 27, 2019 Wearing: Fannie Schiavoni Why: FYI, this is a stainless steel dress. It must have been cold to put on, but Ashley Graham is pure fire in this slinky silhouette, worn for the American Beauty Star finale in New York City.  Who: Angela Bassett When: March 22, 2019  Wearing: Missoni  Why: Angela Bassett looked stunning at The Broad's event celebrating Soul Of A Nation: Art In the Age Of Black Power 1963-1983. A gold jumpsuit is a great way to rock the '70s vibe, now.   Who: Lupita Nyong'o When: March 19, 2019 Wearing: Balmain, Aquazzura heels, and Vita Fede jewelry Why: For the second week in a row, Lupita Nyong'o wins best dressed. She's killing her press tour for Us, perfectly mixing high-end designers with a horrifying touch. At the New York premiere she wore a see-through coat covered in spikes, and we're dying over her blood red brows.  Who: Priyanka Chopra When: March 19, 2019 Wearing: Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini dress, Christian Louboutin shoes, Medea bag Why: It's officially spring, and nothing makes us more excited than seeing Priyank Chopra in a flirty dress. Spotted in NYC, she wore ruffles, polka dots, and easy black accessories.  Who: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley When: March 17, 2019 Wearing: Oscar de la Renta, Jimmy Choo heels Why: Who needs a gown when a formal top can be just as dramatic. Rosie Huntington-Whiteley owned the look at the Annual Fashion Awards in Los Angeles, California.  Who:  KiKi Layne  When: March 20, 2019  Wearing: Christian Siriano, P448 sneakers Why: KiKi Layne's outfit at the screening Native Son in Hollywood, California is the answer to never changing out of your pajamas. Her metallic set is flashy, yet cozy.  Who: Aidy Bryant  When: March 19, 2019 Wearing: Batsheva dress, Jennifer Fisher earrings Why: We're all about floral dresses, and one of our favorite designers leading the prairie pack is Batsheva. The brand was worn by Shrill's Aidy Bryant, which is a match made in heaven.  Who: Eva Green  When: March 18, 2019  Wearing: Tom Ford Why: Wearing black can be a forgettable fall-back, but the trick is to find a flattering, interesting silhouette. Eva Green did just that at the premiere of Dumbo in Paris France.  Who: Lupita Nyong'o When: March 14, 2019 Wearing: Attico Why: Just when we thought we couldn't get more hyped for the movie Us, Lupita Nyong'o traumatized us at the London premiere. Her horrifying look is queen of the damn, you're perfect, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Olivia Wilde  When: March 10, 2019  Wearing: Dundas Why: We worship at the house of Karla Welch, who styled Olivia Wilde at the  SXSW premiere of Booksmart. Note to self: wear a bohemian dress with a million necklaces.  Who: Amal Clooney attend the People's Postcode Lottery Charity Gala at McEwan Hall on March 14, 2019 in Edinburgh, Scotland.  When:  Wearing: Why: Chic jumpsuits and Amal Clooney is our favorite celebrity couple. She wore this midnight all-in-one to the People's Postcode Lottery Charity Gala in Edinburgh, Scotland, the belt and leopard clutch is a  Who: Nico Parker and Thandie Newton  When: March 11, 2019  Wearing: Parker in Gucci, Newton in Oscar de la Renta Why: Mother-daughter dressing does not get better than this. Thandie Newton and her daughter Nico attended the premiere of Dumbo in Los Angeles, California, doubling down on velvet and metallic sandals and we would like to be adopted into this family.  Who: Rowan Blanchard  When: March 08, 2019 Wearing: J. C Why: Rowan Blanchard has literally worn a loofa and we were obsessed. There's nothing she can do wrong when it comes to getting dressed for events, and this lacquered look at the Shiseido Makeup Launch in Los Angeles is no different.  Who: Shanina Shaik  When:  March 12, 2019  Wearing: Alexander McQueen Why: We wouldn't dream of wearing a leather bustier with florals and lace, but we're also not Shanina Shaik. She wore this ingenious outfit to the Chadstone Campaign launch in Melbourne, Australia Who: Gemma Chan  When: March 4, 2019 Wearing: Ralph & Russo Why: If a disco ball, a unicorn, and a pair of trousers were to make a baby, it would look like Gemma Chan's pants. Her outfit at the Hollywood, California, premiere of Captain Marvel was everything, and we can't stop thinking about it. Thanks to the opalescent paillettes and her bubble gum top, Chan wins best dressed of the week.    Who: Kristen Stewart When: March 5, 2019 Wearing: Chanel Why: Chanel's fall runway was a snowy sight to see, but no one embraced the theme better than Kristen Stewart in a quilted onesie. The only thing missing is a cup of hot cocoa.  Who: Adwoa Aboah  When: March 6, 2019  Wearing: Polo Ralph Lauren hoodie  Why: This is our dream outfit and we can barely contain ourselves. Worn to the Gurls Talk x Barbie event in London, Adwoa Adoah's tie-dye and zebra took her irreverent style to the next level. Hot tip: this sweater has matching pants!  Who: Cate Blanchett When: March 5, 2019  Wearing: Gucci, Sergio Rossi shoes Why: Cate Blanchett turned up the texture at the Up Next Gala in London. We love how she clashed animal print in contrasting colors.  Who: Gigi Hadid When: March 3, 2019  Wearing: Prada Why: We have been thinking about wearing sheer knee-high socks ever since Prada styled them on their spring runway, and Gigi proved it can be done IRL. The trick is to tone them down with simple black oxfords.  Who: Zendaya  When: March 3, 2019 Wearing: TommyXZendaya Why: To say that Zendaya's collab with Tommy Hilfiger was successful would be a huge understatement. The show was a star-studded extravaganza, and the clothes are everything we want to wear. That includes this entire outfit, worn to the launch event in London.  Who: Billy Porter When: February 24, 2019 Wearing: Christian Siriano Why: There have been many fashion statements made at the Oscars, but Billy Porter's non-conforming gown is one for the history books. Audible gasps were heard worldwide when he stepped on to the red carpet, winning him best dressed of the week.  Who: Gemma Chan  When: February 27, 2019 Wearing: Brandon Maxwell  Why: Attending the European premiere of Captain Marvel, Gemma Chan looked like an actual superhero. Her dramatic set literally includes a cape.  Who: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge When: February 28, 2019  Wearing: Mulberry Why: We half-expected Kate Middleton to be prancing around Hogwarts as a visiting student from Beauxbatons, but instead she was touring Ireland (which TBH is close enough). Harry Potter references aside, this look is pretty magical on its own.  Who: Lupita Nyong'o When: February 24, 2019  Wearing:  Oscar de la Renta, Roger Vivier sandals  Why: We're hoping the Bond Girl rumors are true, because we need Lupita Nyong'o to revisit this look. She was our best dressed attendee on the Oscars after party scene.  Who: Sarah Paulson  When: February 24, 2019 Wearing: Brandon Maxwell Why: Pink was the #1 color at the Oscars this year, but our favorite shade came from Sarah Paulson. We love this hot pink shade and unexpected silhouette.  Who: Tessa Thompson When: February 23, 2019  Wearing: Vaquera  Why: Did Tessa Thompson climb down from a balcony in fair Verona before attending the Independent Spirit Awards? This romantic look is everything. 
 The brand assembled actors, artists, entrepreneurs and influencers for a one of a kind weekend to celebrate its summer collection.  “I didn’t really know Loro Piana even did womenswear,” Karolina Kurkova said over of a lunch of grilled lobsters plucked from the Caribbean sea mere hours before. The Czech model was one of a carefully curated mix of actors, influencers, entrepreneurs and musicians—including actors (and couple) Annabelle Wallis and Chris Pine, social entrepreneur Leila Janah, and violinist Charlie Siem—assembled by the Italian luxury brand Loro Piana for a lavish weekend of sun, dining, music and more on the French Caribbean island of St. Barts to mark the occasion of the Bucket regatta. (The brand’s deputy chairman, Pier Luigi Loro Piana, competed in the regatta with his boat, My Song.) Sitting next to Kurkova in a linen cream-colored robe and wide-leg pants by Loro Piana, Raffaella Redaelli de Zinis, the brand’s chief product officer, was exquisitely chic proof that the brand does indeed do womenswear. But Kurkova is not alone in assuming that Loro Piana was a brand mostly for men. Redaelli herself, who was previously the Women's Ready to Wear director at Louis Vuitton, was surprised to find that the Loro Piana customer is evenly split between men and women.  The other commonly held assumption about the Italian luxury brand is that it’s primarily for cold weather. If you know anything about the brand, it probably has to do with cashmere. Loro Piana is best known for keeping international business tycoon and jet set types cocooned in its ultra-soft, ultra-expensive, Mongolian cashmere. And cashmere in the Caribbean would seem, on its face, to be a head-scratching proposition. And this is of course, where Sail Into Summer, comes in. The trip, which marks the first time the brand has dipped its toe into something resembling the “influencer” or “experience” space at such a scale, was designed to smash those assumptions. All the beautiful people gathered for the trip were dressed in or accessorized with Loro Piana for every event: breezy, silk, nautical-inspired cocktail attire from the Spring/Summer collection for a welcome dinner at the posh Le Toiny restaurant; striped linen pareo sarongs and roomy sand-colored beach totes with an elegant stripe down the middle for a beach day followed by a day aboard a yacht to take in the Bucket Regatta. (The “suitcase stripe”, as it’s called, references the striped panel on the canvas suitcases employees used to showcase the brand’s fabrics in its early years. Today it appears on totes, canvas wallets, silk and cashmere scarves, tunics, and more.)   Another day, another way A post shared by  Taylor Tomasi Hill (@ttomasihill) on Mar 24, 2019 at 8:14am PDT  Never coming home... #SailintoSummer @loropianaofficial #LoroPianaSummer A post shared by  Charlotte Groeneveld (@thefashionguitar) on Mar 26, 2019 at 9:21am PDT The navy silk jumpsuit with white piping worn by Karolina Kurkova was a standout, as was a pinstriped linen wrap blazer over wide leg pants, worn by socialite and Paravel founder Indre Rockefeller.  One event seamlessly transitioned to the next. Nothing felt forced or contrived. After lunch at the beach (the one with those freshly grilled lobsters), a six person band magically appeared to serenade the tables, playing beach-y versions of ‘80s classics and soon enough the entire room was singing along and dancing. The Deuce actress Margarita Levieva twirled in the center.    Throughout the weekend, overheard snippets of conversation ranged from book recommendations, startup stories (many attendees were founders of or working for startups), or parenting travails (several attendees were moms and bought their partners and kids  as the trip overlapped with schools’ spring break). Looking at the event hashtag #sailintosummer, a friend DMed to ask whose wedding we were all at. In other words, Loro Piana successfully piqued the unforced millennial FOMO all brands are currently chasing. And that was all by careful design of course. “Loro Piana Summer is an appeal to emotions, combining an Italian notion of effortless elegance with an active move towards light and lightness,” CEO Fabio d’Angelantonio said, “from protecting oneself from the elements to welcoming them. St. Barths and the Bucket Regatta seemed like the perfect setting to convey this abstract idea to our guests.” 
 Cute dresses, tops, and skirts await.  Reformation's style categories have expanded over the past years, going from a sustainable clothing brand that offers just cute dresses and tops to one that also offers jeans, swimsuits, petite-size clothing, and children's clothes. Last year in March, the company even, finally, released a plus size collection with model Ali Tate Cutler in sizes 0 to 22 and XS to 3X. However, the dresses, tops, and two-piece sets were only part of a capsule collection and once sold out, disappeared from the website.  For those who were utterly bummed by this, not to worry, Reformation came back with even better news. Today, the beloved brand announced a permanent size-inclusive collection (!!!). What you can expect from this line: 18 of Reformation’s best-selling styles, including tops, bodysuits, skirts, and dresses (with new things added monthly) starting at $48. The size range is 1X to 3X and 14 to 24. The pieces are currently available to shop on Reformation and will also be on Nordstrom March 29.  Since Ref's extended sizing collection isn't going anywhere, take comfort in the fact you'll have access to crisp white dresses and daisy printed skirts until the end of summer. Below, our favorite pieces to wear for tropical vacations, brunches, and beyond. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 
From: Marie Claire US

 Day dreaming about the first splash of sunscreen, weekend getaways, street fairs, and festivals is enough to get me excited for summer. Dealing with getting dressed for the office knowing fully well I'd rather be doing all of those things...well that's another story. But now that Uniqlo and Hana Tajima have dropped they're latest collection, I'm ready to take on the office wearing dreamy puff sleeve blouses, breezy shift dresses, trousers, and skirts in a soft, warm and neutral color palette.  Tajima blends her modest, chic aesthetic with Uniqlo's functionality and comfort to design a collection that helped women "match their styling preferences to their lifestyles" and offers "flowing silhouettes in light fabrics that feel great to enhance movement and comfort.” Brimming with closet staples, from a lightweight coat to linen tunics, shop some of the standout pieces from the Uniqlo x Hana Tajima collection.  I plan to wear this all Summer long. Breezy, carefree shift dresses look great with high strappy sandals and chunky sneakers. Puff sleeves are all the rage this season. The perfect linen blouse to protect you from summer's heat and chilly office temperatures.  For those surprise chilly summer nights. Your old high school uniform skirt, but way more chic.  No one wants to be confined to jeans in the heat. Invest in a pair of trousers so versatile and comfortable for mid-day strolls, running errands, dates, and more. Milkmaid, but make it fashion vibes. 
 Spring is officially here, so it's finally time to pack away your fleece-lined tights, snow boots, and winter puffer coats. Rejoice and break out the season's #1 topper, your trench coat, a style that makes you feel somewhere between an Olsen twin in Winning London and an Olivia Pope type crisis-managing the nation's capitol.  The goes-with-everything khaki trench is a wardrobe staple we always fall-back on. As a result, we're also always searching for new takes on the classic, so imagine our joy when finding H&M's plaid version.  It has the same cleans of a traditional trench, but hits a little longer on your calves and comes in a delightful Americana check that is surprisingly versatile. The coat looks like you bought it at an indie designer shop, but only costs $60. The kicker? It's made of 100 percent cotton so it not only looks expensive, but feels like a quality item that will last for years.  Quirky enough to justify the buy, shop the style now before it sells out. 
 Saint Laurent, Victoria Beckham, Michael Kors: The 'SoHo Grifter' hired a professional to consult on her courtroom appearance.  Anna Sorokin, alias Anna Delvey, looked more like a millennial shopper on Mercer Street than an accused criminal in Manhattan Supreme Court this week. While many defendants alter their appearance to imply their old, nefarious ways are far behind, the alleged grifter—who reportedly duped Manhattanites into believing she was a German heiress for nearly four years—did the exact opposite.  On Wednesday, she swapped out her drab Rikers uniform for a plunging Michael Kors shift dress. The following day, she paired a sheer black Saint Laurent top with Victoria Beckham trousers. She accessorized the nerdy-chic ensemble with a black choker necklace and her signature thick Céline frames. "I selected some timeless pieces." It didn't take long for Sorokin’s trial looks to get an Instagram account. Twitter users described her courtroom aesthetic as "iconic." Tabloid headlines ignored the charges against her (grand larceny and theft of services totaling $275,000), instead focusing on her “incredible prison makeover.”  But who was sending Saint Laurent to Sorokin  in prison? We confirmed the 28-year-old enlisted assistance from Anastasia Walker, a former Glamour magazine staffer who has dressed everyone from Courtney Love to G-Eazy. "Anna and I talked on the phone about what she was interested in wearing," Walker tells ELLE.com. "I couldn't show her photographs, but as people interested in fashion, we spoke in references about the themes she wanted to come through [in her outfits]. I selected some timeless pieces, given that everything is so public today and [trial] photographs can be saved, potentially, forever."   March 28th, 2019: Yves Saint Laurent Sheer Black Blouse, Victoria Beckham Pants A post shared by  AnnaDelveyCourtLooks (@annadelveycourtlooks) on Mar 28, 2019 at 6:13pm PDT Walker offered to help after The New York Post reported last week that Sorokin's legal team “panicked" about her outfit, fearful a taupe corrections uniform would insinuate guilt. Sorokin's lawyer, Todd Spodek, had an associate hit a nearby H&M to "spend $200 on something that didn’t scream ‘inmate,’” according to the outlet. The associate came back with a respectable black blazer, capris, beige sweater, and white sneakers.  The H&M outfit was fine, but Walker felt Sorokin deserved to be tried wearing designer labels. Walker's close friend Neff Davis—described by Paper Mag as Sorokin's only true friend in New York—connected her to Spodek.  "[Sorokin's case] is interesting and unique, but the main reason I decided to help out was because of our mutual friend," Walker says. "I'm always happy to help, and I love what I do. If it works and I can make it happen, then why not?"   As a former fashion magazine editor, Walker was used to assisting on cover shoots—not styling micro-celebrity alleged criminals. Over the phone, she and Sorokin decided an all-black ensemble would send a sartorial message of seriousness. Plus, Walker opined, a monochrome look would be "timeless," an important consideration given that Sorokin's trial photos would likely appear in the tabloids (they did), and that her style could potentially play a big part in the forthcoming Netflix project about her.  "I really tried to focus on classic silhouettes and classic pieces in general," Walker says.  "[The all-black] may change in the future—we may go lighter. It is mysterious chic, and although it's getting a lot of media attention, this is still her real life. People have made comments that she doesn't take life seriously, but to me black is just a strong and powerful color. It's serious." Walker sent the Victoria Beckham slacks and Saint Laurent sheer blouse to Sorokin a week before she was set to appear in Manhattan Supreme Court. The choker was "all Anna's idea," Walker says, and her client already had the Céline glasses, which she believes allow her to retain "some part of her old self [identity]."  "Those are her signature, if you will," Walker says. "Or made to be seen as such." Logistically, it's tricky dressing Sorokin, who remains in jail without bond. "She has this really nice hair color and I feel like lighter colors will really play up on that as well, so after this first week we can explore what else may be available. But it's still prison, and there's tricky logistics of getting her clothes in prison," Walker says. "There's a system of what goes in and what's allowed and what is not. So, we will just see what we can do within the confinement of policy... [There is a] very real possibility and likelihood that if something doesn't fall within the parameters of what they deem appropriate or safe it will not be allowed."  Sorokin has been held at Rikers since she was charged with grand larceny and theft of services totaling $275,000 in 2017. Jessica Pressler's May 2018 New York Magazine article detailed her infamous rise to socialite status in New York; Sorokin spent lavishly on vacations and clothing despite not having the fortune she said she did. Walker is hesitant to reveal the exact details of her arrangement with Sorokin. However, she disclosed that she's getting paid for the gig—and they'll continue working together in the future.   "[Anna] is very lucky to have a team and people that support her," Walker says. "There are so many people that don't." 
 Little tweaks can totally refresh the spring staple. You've got a floral dress you bought last summer, but feel kinda blah about wearing it this year, right? Fresh styling tricks and small accessories can make all the difference when it comes to getting excited to pull it out again. Below, our shopping recos for the pieces that can totally change the energy or silhouette of your favorite florals. Finish with bold shoes that complement (or clash) to create a super bright look. The contrast with the abstract print of this pair can make the blooms read differently. A boho dress becomes instantly more professional when worn under a blazer in a now-trending pastel hue. A lightweight fabric isn't too heavy for spring and makes a skinny-strapped dress office-appropriate. Belting last season's dress can create a new shape or make a maxi read as a midi. A thinner style worn at the natural waist tends to be the easiest (and most comfortable), but a wide style sitting near the hips has the same effect. Chunky, still-trending dad sneakers add a street-style vibe that instantly makes a dress purchased five years ago feel new. To keep the heavy shoe from being too overpowering, keep this trick for mini or calf-length hemlines. Mix long layered necklaces (and earrings and bracelets) for a bohemian flair. Added bonus? The concentration of shiny silver and gold can help distract anyone from realizing your floral dress is the same one you wore at least once a week last summer.
 I, like many, would give my last dollar to have Rihanna hand-select my entire wardrobe. Thankfully, Rihanna is making a bit of that dream a reality with the Savage x Fenty VIP Box, a monthly subscription service Queen Rih curates herself, featuring some of her favorite Savage X pieces lingerie pieces that first launched in February. And while the first buds of spring are taking their sweet time to arrive, this box will have you ready for post-cuffing season.  In the April Savage X box you’ll find a brand new Psychedelic Demi Cup Bra and Matching String Bikini, designed with floral embroidery against a colorful backdrop. A silky satin short robe, pink charm panty with a set of 3 charms so you can mix and match, and a deck of Savage X Fenty playing cards, are also included all for $69.95.  Xtra Vip members will be able to purchase the box from April 1-5 and if you're not a Xtra Vip member, you're missing out. Members not only receive early access to exclusive drops, they also save up 25% off of all styles and earn free shipping over $49. Win-win-win.   
 There isn't a singular definition of what makes a mom "cool," but we took a stab at gifts for those who embody the term and deviate from typical mom norms. Think sausage grinders instead of cookie trays, Ella Mai over the oldies, and CBD candies for moms who are fine with extracurricular activities...as long as you do it in the house. Here, 20 "cool" Mother's Day gifts she's bound to love.  Everlane's newest loafer fits all her cozy requirements, but is so much chicer.  A teapot is a typical Mom Gift, but a Millennial pink cabbage is something your mom probably doesn't own.   Your mom discovers music faster than anyone you know, and Ella Mai belongs in her epic vinyl collection.  Hydro Flask is the Rolls Royce of reusable water bottles. Your mom deserves the car, but this bottle fits your budget.  "I'd rather you do CBD in the house," is something you could totally hear your mom say.  Madewell's spacious and sturdy Transport Tote is a cult classic, but they revamped it with a cute rainbow strap. Your mom will love it.  Moms in Jumpsuits is an Instagram account we'd instantly follow. This denim one is stylish, comfortable, and practical, just like your her.  For carnivorous moms, try gifting a meat grinder. Imagine the delicious, homemade sausage you're about to enjoy.  You caught the travel bug from your mother. Help lighten her load with Away's carry-on, which weighs less than you did as a baby.  Your mom winces at 'wine o'clock' paraphernalia. She's an Old Fashioned kind of gal.  Buly 1803 is an old-world French apothecary that never lost touch with its roots. Their hand cream is selling out everywhere, so buy it ASAP. Your mom deserves a touch of exclusive luxury.   A bright green scarf will instantly brighten up your mom's wardrobe.  These classic frames are the kind your mom will own forever. They also happen to named after a universal mom crush, Atticus Finch.  By now, we assume your mom already found her signature lip color. If not, make it Chanel.  These aren't your mother's pearls, but a beautiful set of baroque drops that are elegant enough for dinner parties, the office, and everywhere in between.  A good mattress is a dreamy gift, whether you're a mom or not. The best part is that it can be delivered right to her door.  Gift her a starter charm bracelet set with this 14k dangler. It's so good you'll probably buy one for yourself too.  In case you didn't know, some beauty products are meant to be refrigerated. Get her in the know with this mini fridge intended for beauty products (or a seltzer).  With the help of this cheap, bright case she'll never lose her Airpods again.  Your mom isn't a pro chef, but her soups could be served in a Michelin-starred restaurant. Upgrade her kitchen with this professional blender, which spins so fast it can heat up food. 
 I’ve never seen a single episode of Little House on the Prairie (or everyone’s latest obsession, Westworld, for that matter) but there’s a weird shift happening in my summer wardrobe: I want to dress like milkmaid. But not like, “Hey maid, I see you got on your maid outfit like you always do” maid. I’m talking pretty Victorian-esque blouses and frilly, body obscuring frocks that have gone from rare vintage finds to Orseund Iris and Topshop mainstays. These breezy silhouettes have me yearning for simpler times, and a simpler wardrobe. Only thing is, the Little House on the Prairie aesthetic is anything but simple. The appeal is in the clavicle-baring sweetheart neckline that looks flattering on literally everyone, shirred detailing that forms to your body, and voluminous sleeves that pack on the drama. "But why would you want to dress like you lug fresh milk sloshing around in a bucket for a living?" you may ask. Hear me out.  Sure, fashion is all about form-fitting athleisure, '90s-inspired mini skirts and dresses, and neons and animal prints galore, but the typically conservative Victorian aesthetic has been reimagined into modern silhouettes and gingham and floral prints. They can be teamed with heels or cowboy boots for a full-on prairie look or dressed down with casual sneakers for a dash of streetwear cool.   miró❤️ @burberry #theTBbag A post shared by  alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on Mar 19, 2019 at 5:55am PDT  At all times a minimum of 8 necklaces 10 rings 13 earrings A post shared by  SAMI MIRÓ (@samimiro) on Dec 26, 2018 at 5:31pm PST  This is a reminder to self: appreciate every day and every moment.  What you think is a hard day or week can be nothing compared to what can come along. I guess that’s life no? Keeps challenging us. 🙄🖕🏾😜🤓 A post shared by  Vanessa (@canvassofstyle) on Mar 9, 2019 at 6:42pm PST  if you haven’t decided on what #occasion to #debut your exquisite custom made confection from @ymas_shop one idea for a fast track is to zip it on over an @adidas #bodysuit in the comfort of your home and put your #selfie on instagram A post shared by @ walk_of_dame on Mar 12, 2019 at 7:47pm PDT After sifting through countless clothing websites for hours looking for evidence to support my claim that milkmaid fashion is a thing, I present a few of my findings.  This is what I like to call summer picnic couture, featuring the season's signature print: red and white gingham. Add a wicker basket and a bottle of bubbly for the Insta-perfect photo. Sleeveless and falling just above the ankles, this shape ensures your accessories get a moment to shine.  A brand favorite of It-girls like Bella Hadid and Emily Ratajakowsi, Orseund Iris makes eye-catching tops that mix vintage with downtown cool. Stacked gold necklaces and vintage mom jeans are your go-to picks to complete the look. Keep it simple in a floral midi that shows off just the right amount of leg.  Is a summer wardrobe truly complete without a sunny yellow dress? Plus, this dress is a commuter's dream: long enough so your skin won't stick to the subway seats and breezy enough to beat the sweltering city heat.  You don't have to wait until the temperature rises above 65 degrees to slip into this. Punctuate the look with a pair of boots for now, then trade it in for colored mules or sneakers when the weather warms up. This gem from Simone Rocha is the perfect canvas for bold accessories. Pair the oversized dress with a statement beaded bag or transparent tote and a pair of comfy slides.  The perfect maxi dress for the office, a summer date, a wedding, and everything else in between.
 Bohemian decor lovers, rejoice. If you're a fan of actress Drew Barrymore, who has enjoyed success with her Flower Beauty makeup line, there's good news. The star just extended the brand to include a free-spirited collection of furniture and home decor accessories called Flower Home. Just like Barrymore's passion for adventure, the vibrant home collection features an eclectic array of furniture, textiles, ceramics, and more.  From daring patterns to bohemian-inspired accessories, Flower Home is available at Walmart's sites, including Walmart.com, Hayneedle.com and Jet.com. The best part? Shoppers can choose from more than 200 items—all at affordable price points. For instance, a ceramic vase is just $18, while a velvet midcentury-style sofa is $899. Barrymore is a self-proclaimed design aficionado who has mastered her signature boho-chic aesthetic. She once described the process of decorating her own home as a "labor of love," so it was only a matter of time before the Hollywood star made her style accessible to the masses.  "I have always had a love for creating joyful spaces—places where unexpected prints and patterns, shapes and styles, and colors and textures come together in the most delightful way," says Barrymore. "My new collection of furniture and home decor is inspired by this passion and I hope it inspires everyone to make themselves at home." Keep scrolling for a selection of our favorites from Flower Home. You won't be disappointed. Add a vintage-inspired feel to your shelves with sea-shell bookends in a brass finish.  You'll have no issues getting more organized with this stylish shelf as part of your decor.  There's no doubt that this floral platform bed would be the star of any bedroom. Show off your favorite blooms with this unique set of abstract vases in spring-appropriate pastel hues. These handwoven baskets—perfect for storing everything from magazines to throw blankets—can work well in a living room, office, or bedroom. Add texture to a room with this versatile jute rug, featuring a classic blue stripe design. It doesn't get any better than a luxurious velvet accent chair with a sleek frame. Available in both blue and pink, this marble patterned throw pillow is an easy way to jazz up a sofa for spring. Every room can benefit from a playful piece of furniture like this multi-tiered accent table that comes in three finishes: green, peach and blue. Let this velvet scallop headboard be the foundation of your bedroom design scheme. This lamp's wine-colored velvet shade and base, boasting a striking face design, make it a must-have.  This colorful print, featuring three exotic birds, is the solution for a blank wall. 
From: ELLE Decor US

 How Julia Seemann went from Swiss art student to Mercedes-Benz fashion partner.  Imagine you are 21 years old, living in Switzerland, and wearing cropped wide-leg jeans that you made yourself from deadstock fabric found in Italy. You wore them in a digital look book that won you a spot on the V Files runway. And now—after a few emails from someone named Mel Ottenberg, whom you’ve never met—you’re being asked to take your pants and hand them over to Rihanna.  You do it, right?  Julia Seemans did. She sent the jeans—along with her sustainable denim jacket and a shaggy turquoise top—to the pop superstar’s stylist. Two hours later, Rihanna wore the whole look to Kanye West’s YEEZY show, where Queen Ri and her ‘fit were photographed next to Beyoncé, Kim K, and Alexander Wang.  “And then,” says Seemann, “things got crazy.” The designer was flooded with orders, Instagram comments, and interview requests. “It was very hard at first to take my label from an idea to an actual thing,” she explains. “I had to find people who knew about production. I had to figure out what ‘public relations’ was, because I had no idea. I think I had to be as creative with making the clothes and getting them out there as I did with designing them at all.” Enter Mercedes-Benz Fashion Talents. Designed to springboard emerging designers into a global marketplace, the initiative sponsors travel, fashion shows, industry events, and even mentorships that feed smaller labels into bigger arenas. For a participant like Seemanns, that’s meant exposure in Asia and America, along with a runway show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Berlin. “It helped me take the label to the next level,” she explains. “By putting it on an official Fashion Week calendar, it gave us a chance to show we’ve grown enough to present full collections.” Seven of them, to be exact, plus partnerships with Swarovski and Eastpak. “In terms of style, I think I found my own language, which is really difficult when you’re just coming out of school,” Seemann says. (She trained at the Fashion Institute of Basel, which—contrary to some of her fans’ ideas—is in Switzerland, not Miami.)  This year, Seemanns moves her entire business from her hometown of Zurich to Berlin—a direct result of the industry contacts she met during her fashion show. But despite her expansion, she still plans to stick with sustainable options like deadstock and handmade materials whenever possible. “I’m really into crochet right now,” she says. “Doing something by hand instead of machine, it gives you different kind of connection to your work.” This season, that work’s been partly inspired by Seemans’ road trip to California with her boyfriend Flavio, who runs the global music collective Body Sensations. “I can’t drive, though,” she laughs. “I made him do everything. I mean, I drive my designs forward, but actually driving? It’s not my thing.”
  From work day to night out, sneakers are always a good idea. The hallmark of a great pair of shoes is versatility. You know you've got your hands on something special when the same style works for brunch with friends, a day at the office, and a night out. Even better? When it's super comfortable like a sneaker. Thanks to the growing popularity of the category, it's acceptable to wear them with any outfit iteration. Here, three expertly styled looks to prove the point.  Gone are the days when only heels or polished flats were considered work appropriate. Now, you can take your favorite weekend shoe into the office too. Opt for a pair with subtle design touches: The contrasting sole and perforated detail  of this slip-on brings a contemporary-cool vibe to classic suiting.  SHOP NOW Styled with: Banana Republic Blazer; Banana Republic Pant; The Great T-shirt   Sundresses with fresh white sneakers is the springtime trend we'll never get tired of. It's also a lesson in multitasking, as the comfy shoe lets you go from brunch to errands to dinner.  SHOP NOW Styled with: J.Crew Gingham Dress; Amour Vert Flat Hoops; Kayu Bag Whether for a date or late night out with friends, modern PM dressing isn't about a dictated style (e.g., stilettos and sexy, slinky "going out tops"). Personality counts, which is why we love wearing a retro-inspired tee, zip-side sneakers, and a cherry red bag. SHOP NOW Styled with: Wilfred Free Skirt; Anine Bing Tee; Angela Roi Bag 
 Beach pants are the type of clothing that give you the opportunity to step out of your usual trouser habits and wear what you really want: elastic waist bottoms that are kind of weird. They're a fancy version of couch sweats, if you will. Zippers are discouraged, zany prints are a must, and hell, you can even wear see-through crochet pants—no one will bat an eye. Shop 12 of our favorites just in time for your much needed warm weather vacation.  Not only does American Eagle make affordable swim suits that look expensive, they also have some of the best coverups. Can't you envision yourself in Greece wearing these pants on a midday stroll?  The opportunity to wear crochet pants is generally relegated to beaches and festivals, so don't miss your chance to try them. These pants from our favorite crochet swim brand will let the breeze flow.   These pants are so easy to wear. They knot at the waist, are super lightweight, and dry immediately (which is key if someone knocks you into a pool).  Bring Hawaii to you, even if you're posted up at Rockaway Beach. Ideal for beach vacations, try the matching top, too.  Can't leave your jeans at home? Try a pair of cotton wide-leg pants instead. They have the same heft of denim, but come in a summery array of colors.  If you're the type who never mismatches her bikini, try this knit pant that has a coordinating beach sweater.  Experiment with wild colors and prints you don't typically wear, like iconic zigzags from Missoni.  Swimwear and wallpaper are having a tropical leaf moment. Hop on this printed trend that will make a simple black swimsuit pop.   These Pareo pants have side slits, in case your legs need a little more attention.   If you're not the type to wear color, we suggest this sheer black pair. They are super simple, but the lace-up detail makes them special.  Linen is the ideal fabric for summer. It's lightweight, breathable, and durable enough that it doesn't get messed up in the sand. This pair makes linen even better in a structured, belted cut.   These designer pants are meant more for lounging, not swimming. Try them for a chic poolside event, and style it with your floppiest straw hat. 
 Maybe it's Instagram, but sometime in the past three or four years it seems like everyone's started wearing thong bikinis. Wedgies may be in, but some of us want out. So we've got you covered—literally. Shop 13 modest swimsuits (with full coverage bottoms!) that are still wildly cute, ahead.  If someone told us this was just a regular bodysuit and not a swimsuit, we'd believe them. With a pair of denim cut-offs, this is the ideal beach-to-boardwalk outfit.  Belted swim is the 2019 swim trend of the year, and this LMF suit is one of our faves. This retro style means it covers your bum, while the belt flatters your waist.  We don't typically look for a turtleneck fit when shopping for swimsuits, but this one is so chic. Just imagine wearing it with cat-eye sunglasses and a giant hat—you're ready to sunbathe.   A high-waisted bikini is a godsend for post-beach tacos. Try this super affordable scalloped set and feel free to load up on chips and guac.  Swim dresses can look a little dowdy, but this one reads more like your standard LBD—except you can wear it to the beach.  This crop top is actually a swimsuit, but it's so normal we plan to incorporate it into our wardrobe, too.   A plunging v-neck might not be 100% covered up, but the short sleeves and full coverage bottom will still hide away your goods.  La DoubleJ makes some of the most playful prints in town, and we're happy to see them expand into swimwear. This high-neck swimsuit covers you in the places that matter.  If you DM horoscope memes to your BFF every day, this suit is for you. The constellation print is more refined, and has a cut low on the thighs like an anti-'80s one-piece.  An adorable peplum swimsuit so Instagrammable you'll post two photos of it on your grid.  This rash guard two-piece makes total sense for actual surfing, but this set good enough to wear when you're not ripping through the waves (or, more accurately, wiping out).  The ruched assymmetry of this two-piece suit might be one of the most flattering swimsuits we've ever tried. It's modest, but has a sliver of midriff.  The cutout detailing along the collar shows a little skin, without revealing too much.  This is an optical illusion swimsuit, with the statement ruffles and mismatched prints, tricks the eye into thinking there are curves where there aren't, while leaving a little to the imagination. 
 Time for a new pair of shoes!  Calling all sneaker heads: Today is Nike's annual Air Max Day (a day that celebrates the birth of the iconic footwear style) and to commemorate the brand's launching the Air Max Throwback Future pack. Featuring some of the most iconic Air Max styles, including the Air Max 97 and the Air Max 720, "the pack represents Air Max icons that have pushed the boundaries of what we can do with Air," says Nike's Senior Creative Director for Air Max, Dylan Raasch. “The Throwback Future Pack celebrates Air Max icons from the ‘90s to today. The team wanted to honor the past Air Max icons while looking ahead to current and future expressions of Air. The colors and materials were inspired by how we once imagined the future would look.” Watch them in motion in this video created especially for ELLE.com
 Mom jeans are not just a style, they are a lifestyle. They're the kind of jean worn by a person obsessed with oat milk and mid-century dressers. They laugh in the face discomfort! The higher the waist, the better, mom jean lovers will say. And any mom jean aficionado knows there are three things that make the best mom jean:  1) the aforementioned high-waist that makes your legs look long; 2) a straight-leg cut with a delicate taper that shows off your ankles; and 3) they're made from a heavy-weight fabric that both holds you in, but still allows full movement. In our humble opinion, they're best jeans, so we've picked the nine best for you to buy today.  Our top pick goes to Topshop. Not only do they come in a wide array of colors (including acid wash), they are super affordable and have a higher inseam than most styles.  Everlane makes some of the best, no-stretch denim. We especially love the eco-friendly brand for offering two different inseam lengths. For petite girls like myself, the ankle cut fits me like a full-length jean.  You can trace the return of the mom jean back to Re/Done, who reworked vintage Levi's for a modern body. Fans include L.A. it-girls, like the Hadids and Emily Ratajkowski.  Speaking of Levi's, the denim giant recently launched their own mom jeans that are just as good as vintage 501s.  Agolde is fast-becoming one of our favorite denim brands. The Riley jean will not give you a FUPA, a tragic side-effect of most mom jeans.  & Other Stories is one of our favorite places to buy pants. Their denim fabric is super soft but offers no stretch. Everyone will think these jeans are designer.  For a slouchier fit, look to Reformation. Their styles are more boyish, and look best with sneakers.  Goldsign is a Los Angeles-based label that's been around since 2005, but recently came up on our radar for their perfect Benefit jeans. We love the true blue shade of this pair the most.  ELLE.com's style director loves these jeans so much she has them in black, blue, and is considering buying these white ones as well. 
 It comes in sizes 14-28. Jason Wu and Eloquii are back at it. The prominent fashion designer and retailer for women sizes 14 and up just released their second line together: the Spring 2019 collection.  While their Holiday 2018 collaboration was all about glam and formal statement dresses, their spring line embodies the season with whimsical vibes and inspiration drawn from dried poppy florals and thyme.  "Flowers have been an ongoing theme in my career. It's in every single one of my collections, so I wanted to do that for this," Wu told OprahMag.com. "I wanted this to be a totally different side of Jason Wu." The designer—who counts celebrities like Diane Kruger and Michelle Obama as clients—explained that his penchant for creating clothes with show-stopping floral prints is actually something he gets from his father.  "It's so deeply rooted in my history. My dad is a really avid gardener. He had an amazing garden, and I grew up around it and have always been so infatuated by it," Wu said. Priced from $59.95-$149.95, each of the line's 26 pieces can easily be dressed up or down. Whether it's with a pair of cute sandals or comfortable heels, the pairing possibilities are endless for the line's dresses, tees, blouses, blazers, trousers, and skirts.  Wu's personal favorite piece? The notch collar wrap dress—because, as he put it, it's "quintessentially me." (And we totally agree; we could definitely see Meghan Markle—who's previously worn some classically Wu designs—rocking this look.) As with his Holiday 2018 Eloquii collection, Paloma Elsesser—a top model, body positivity activist, and now, Wu's muse—serves as the face of the collection.   wöw many thanks to @burberry & @riccardotisci17 for having me sit front fow your incredible debut show, was a treat ~ A post shared by  Paloma Elsesser (@palomija) on Sep 17, 2018 at 11:46am PDT  When it came time to design the clothing, Wu told us he approached it like he would any other project—regardless of size. "I designed this collection the same way I design every other collection: I want it to look elevated and beautiful. To me, price point and size don't really come into consideration when I design," Wu says. "I think the design approach and the philosophy is the same. It's about providing women with the most beautifully made clothes." Everything from the Spring 2019 Jason Wu x Eloquii collection is available to purchase today in stores, on Eloquii.com, and via Stitch Fix, Rent the Runway, Gwynnie Bee, and Nordstrom.com. You can check out the rest of the collection below. For more ways to live your best life plus all things Oprah, sign up for our newsletter! 
  
From: Oprah Magazine US

 Model Louise Follain shows you what to bring, where. Only the world's most committed minimalists would try arguing you just need one handbag in your wardrobe.  From work to play to work-slash-play, modern life includes a glossary's worth of activities that all require a slightly different size, shape, or functionality.  And, as the city that never sleeps, Manhattan proved to be the perfect playground to test our theory. We drafted up an itinerary that showed NYC at its most iconic, including a stop at Saks Fifth Avenue's just-opened handbag floor, then recruited model Louise Follain to give it a go. Follow her adventures below as she shows how certain situations are best outfitted with a specific shape and silhouette of bag. Then, make sure your closet includes something from each of the five categories. At its core, shopping is comprised of strolling, browsing, inspecting, and considering—all actions that need unencumbered hands (if you're going to do it well).  The ideal bag isn't too small or too big and has both a shoulder strap and top handle that make carrying it easy. Don't think you need to go staid either: If your retail destination is as much of a sensory explosion as Saks' just remodeled handbag floor, your accessory should be similarly bright and bold (or covered with a rainbow of fringe à la this Loewe find). 
 Loewe Small Puzzle Fringe Shoulder Bag SEE THE PRICE Danse Lente Mini Johnny Geometric Leather Bucket Bag SEE THE PRICE Prada Tie-Dye Front Flap Leather Shoulder Bag SEE THE PRICE Versace Top Handle Quilted Leather Bag SEE THE PRICE Hunting Season Medium Lizard Leather Top Handle Crossbody Bag SEE THE PRICE  A fun night out with friends is the ideal time to pick a bag that shows your personality. With relatively low needs, space-wise—it only has to fit a few credit cards and your cell phone—the ideal shape is tiny and lightweight. Shop like a magpie, looking for shiny accents or attention-grabbing fabrics like Miu Miu's leopard jacquard. With the potential to overwhelm on a bigger shape, those finishes are just right done smaller. 
 Miu Miu Nappa Crystal Jacquard Rhinestone Shoulder Bag SEE THE PRICE Balenciaga Satin Logo Chain Wallet  SEE THE PRICE Alexander Wang Mini Ryan Embellished Leather Dust Bag SEE THE PRICE Valentino Garavani Rockstud Ombre Leather Clutch SEE THE PRICE Christian Louboutin Paloma Embellished Clutch SEE THE PRICE   Whether exploring on vacation or running around closer to home, no bag wardrobe is complete without a crossbody. Big enough to include all your daily essentials, but not so large as to invite over-stuffing, it's the most practical shape of all. The classic silhouette can easily become your everyday go-to, so opt for a look that fits in seamlessly with your personal style. Louise took out a recent iteration of a quickly-becoming-iconic Chloé shape, but options abound in bright colors or flashy monograms. 
 Chloé Medium Marcie Leather Saddle Bag  SEE THE PRICE Fendi Mini Mon Tresor Leather-Trim Bucket Bag SEE THE PRICE Boyy Buckle Bi-Fold Wallet-On-Chain SEE THE PRICE Givenchy Quilted Convertible Backpack SEE THE PRICE Coach Colorblock Leather Courier Bag SEE THE PRICE  Situations requiring items out of the ordinary, like snacks or a book, will pop up and demand a bag bigger than your standard one. For those times, nothing can beat the usefulness of an open-top tote  like Stella McCartney's Falabella. As a broad category, it's one that the avid shopper might think about investing in multiples for. If your load is heavy, bring out one with a shoulder strap; on a day that requires less, go for something that fits in the crook of the elbow. 
 Stella McCartney Mini Falabella Multi Chain Tote Bag SEE THE PRICE Dolce & Gabbana Pom Pom Sacred Heart Tote SEE THE PRICE  Marc Jacobs The Foil Tote Bag SEE THE PRICE Loewe Jeweled Basket Bag SEE THE PRICE Valentino Garavani Go Logo Escape Large Leather Tote SEE THE PRICE    Nothing captures iconic NYC quite like the lights of Broadway. Whether you're catching a show, watching the ballet, or sweeping into another elegant affair, your bag should be able to be hand-carried and compete with the best jewels. A minaudière always works (and, as reliably demonstrated by Bottega Veneta, makes the perfect canvas for embellishments and rich embroidery). More unexpected shapes fit the same purpose while acting as an instant conversation starter. 
 Bottega Veneta Paillettes Tartan Leather Knot Clutch SEE THE PRICE Attico Allover Ostrich Feather Mini Pouch SEE THE PRICE Alexander McQueen Four-Ring Embroidered Floral Clutch SEE THE PRICE Gucci Rajah Snakeskin Clutch SEE THE PRICE Dolce & Gabbana Wardrobe Box Bag SEE THE PRICE 
 A field guide to spring's wildflowers on ladylike heels, embroidered bags, and blooming jewels.   This article originally appeared in the April 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Nothing makes your mom happier than Whitney Houston, cardigans, and gifts she would never buy herself. And while you may have forgotten Mother’s Day was on the horizon, no one has to know that—especially her. Hit up Amazon (and two-day shipping if you must) and all your problems will be solved. Shop are selects from the best of the site and gift with confidence.  Amazon's fine jewelry collection is pretty great. These 14k earrings look way more expensive than they actually cost.  Fill this photo album with your favorite family photos and you are guaranteed to make her cry.  A quilted vest is to a mom what a raggedy hoodie is to a teenager. She's primed to wear this on the daily.  She'll never fall for Airpods, but you can still upgrade her to bluetooth headphones. How else can she listen to ABBA while gardening?  An oil diffuser is just what mom needs to relax after a stressful day. Make sure to include a few calming oils like lavender or lemongrass, too. Because the environmental crisis is her favorite dinner party conversation.   Your mom's spaghetti couldn't possibly get better, but a dutch oven in a pretty emerald color can't hurt.  No one deserves a good night sleep more than your mom. Store-bought lattes can be a luxury, but this at-home frother will make it a daily perk.  In most cases, you never tell someone how much much their gift cost. But moms worldwide will be proud of you for buying a chic, $14 cardigan.  A rapid egg cooker will speed up her mornings—the most priceless gift.  Buy her a full set of two pillows if you want to be her favorite kid.  She's talked about getting into yoga for years. This starter kit will instantly encourage her to warrior pose. 
 Ahh, the '90s. If there’s one article of clothing that has become synonymous with the golden era of fashion, music, and pop culture, it’s the slip dress. The delicate, silky garment was once seen as a fashion faux pas—a risqué lingerie piece worn only in the comfort of your home—but when industry insiders like Kate Moss took the boudoir look from the bedroom to the red carpet it was a wrap for the bedroom-only mentality.  Now that it's officially spring, I’ve been dreaming about slipping into the butter soft one-and-done silhouette in varying lengths and prints.  Shop 12 of my favorites ahead.  With its thigh high slit and plunging neckline, this emerald green dress cuts a figure-skimming silhouette that sits just above the ankles.  The party doesn't start until you walk in wearing this dazzling, sequined dress with a flowing ruffle hem.  A sunny floral dress to brighten up the dullest days.  This satin champagne slip looks great against many different skin tones.   Complement this look with a pair of crisp white sneakers or go full-on '90s with delicate strappy sandals.  Layer a breezy t-shirt underneath on the days when it's too hot to think about what to wear. If you want to try the neon trend without looking like a highlighter, mixing neutrals and vibrant colors is the way to go.  The ruffle trim neckline is universally flattering while the fabric feels rich, but is actually affordable.   Get on board with this season's snakeskin trend in this slime green variation.  There's regular leopard print, then there's this silky sky blue number with colorful spots perfect for those who want to stand out.  If summer was a dress, it'd be this.  Rihanna. That is all. 
 No shade, but skinny frames are kind of a trend we wish we sat out. So this year we're course correcting and going all in on classic sunglasses. That means sophisticated cat eyes, timeless aviators, universally flattering wayfarers, and other shapes we won't regret. If you're feeling the same, shop 21 pairs of frames that will never go out of style (at every price point!), ahead.   WAYFARERS Our Top Pick: Ray-ban created this iconic shape. They flatter all face shapes, can be shared amongst couples, and are basic in the best way possible.  WAYFARERS The Budget Buy: Never forget to peruse Amazon when looking for fashion staples. The wood detailing on this pair adds interest to a simple style.  WAYFARERS The Worth-It Splurge: Celine sunglasses maintain the magical quality of being simultaneously timeless and chic. The lines on this pair of subtly angle upwards, making your cheekbones pop.   AVIATORS Our Top Pick: We and 673 five-star reviews agree that Quay makes some of the best aviators.  AVIATORS The Budget Buy: Amazon Prime for the win, again! Brown-tinted lenses do not get enough love—they look great with denim and crisp white button-downs.  AVIATORS The Worth-It Splurge: If you've found most aviators to be unflattering for your face, try Saint Laurent. They're a little stockier, which helps accentuate cheek and brow bones.  CAT-EYE  Our Top Pick: Gigi Hadid, Rihanna, and fashion insiders alike look amazing in these Le Specs x Adam Selman's Last Lolita sunnies. The best part is they come in a wide array of colors, including this limited edition pearl pair.   CAT-EYE  The Budget Buy: This oversized cat-eye goes out to Breakfast at Tiffany's fans. No one will know you bought these sunglasses for less than the bagel breakfast Audrey Hepburn ate in the movie. CAT-EYE  The Worth-It Splurge: In my humble opinion, tortoise shell cat-eyes are better than black frames. You'll need to invest in this pricey pair, but we promise you'll use them daily.  ROUND SUNGLASSES Our Top Pick: Madewell is our favorite store for denim, wrap jackets, and now, sunglasses. Their round Fest glasses are like minimalist aviators, which flatter heart-shaped faces best.  ROUND SUNGLASSES The Budget Buy: You could waste hours trying on sunnies at Target, but focus on this super affordable pair instead. The frame works well with heart, square, and oval-shaped faces.  ROUND SUNGLASSES The Worth-It Splurge: We'll always rely on Warby Parker for making great frames with a cause. One of their best sellers is the Flynn, which received a makeover with metallic blue lenses.  Warby Parker Flynn Sunglasses, $95; warbyparker.com  SHOP NOW BUTTERFLY  Our Top Pick: For that '70s look, Chloé does it best. Their halo frames are instantly recognizable, and work well for those who want sunglasses to cover half their face.  BUTTERFLY  The Budget Buy: Try this Penny Lane-like pair if you have a heart-shaped face. The square-ish frames contrast well with a pointier chin. And with all the money you saved buying this affordable pair, you can afford a shearling coat to go with it.  BUTTERFLY  The Worth-It Splurge: You don't have to choose between metal frames and acetate, because this pair is the best of both worlds.  RECTANGULAR Our Top Pick: Rectangular frames are a '90s trend, but not nearly as obnoxious as those teeny sunglasses from last year. Geometric sunnies contrast nicely against oval and circle face shapes.   RECTANGULAR The Budget Buy: If you're apprehensive about this trend buy it from Urban Outfitters. They offer this style in four different colors for less than twenty bucks.  RECTANGULAR The Worth-It Splurge: The pearlescent color of this pair is different than your typical black or tortoiseshell frames, but just as easy to wear every day.  SPORT  Our Top Pick: If you're actually on the run, sport sunglasses are not to be missed. We say go to the root of the trend and choose OG Oakleys, which have a great, two-year warranty plan.  SPORT  Our Budget Buy:  Sport sunglasses are the trendiest shape in this roundup, but you won't regret testing the trend out for $16.  SPORT  The Worth-It Splurge: This futuristic pair is part Soccer Dad, part Star Trek, and all fun. Disclaimer: you will take a million selfies wearing these. 
 "You have to feel the room." What's the best way to celebrate a celebrity power couple engagement? If you're Jennifer Lopez and Alexander Rodriguez, a his and hers sunglass line with Quay is the only reasonable option. Or an option, at least. Quay, the Australian-based global eyewear company, tapped the beautiful-and-so-in-love pair as the faces for a collection of every type of shade under the sun, from classic aviators to flirty cat eyes. For Lopez's part, the triple threat took influence from her extensive sunglass collection and iconic sunnies moments in her 20-plus-year career.   She won't give me a number for the amount of sunglasses she owns— it's that many— but she does dish on working with her sunglass-stealing man ARod, how to wear sunglasses inside without looking like a “douche,” and what happened to the sunglasses from the "Love Don't Cost A Thing" video.  Honestly, whatever I get involved with it's not like, "Oh, I want to do sunglasses" or "Oh, I want to do leggings," it's not like that. It's always about something that naturally has to do with my life. I've been using Quay sunglasses years. You can go back and see photos of me rocking Quay styles. They noticed and were like, "Hey, maybe we should do something together because we see that you're a big fan of the brand." It was just one of those things that really was a natural collaboration.  Oh my God. It might be as bad as shoes. It might be. There's a lot of sunglasses. It's like one accessory that you can buy over and over and over. There's just so many different moods and styles you have, I don't know I have so many.  The main thing for us was making sure it captured both of our styles. It needed to be classic but also glamorous and sexy because that's kind of the field that we like to play in as far as fashion goes, and our life by the way. We just wanted to have a strong sense of our self-expression and of who we really are. I think they really nailed that.   Mirror mirror on the wall. Who’s got the hottest date of them all?! 🙋🏽‍♂️#oscars2019 A post shared by  Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Feb 24, 2019 at 6:01pm PST I don't know that I have the exact glasses from Love Don't Cost a Thing. They were so amazing. It's funny we threw them and broke them at the video shoot so I don't think I have them still. Oh my God yeah. All the time. I'm like, "Aren't those mine?" And he's like, "Aren't those mine?" Yeah.   #Dreambuilding with my dream man... 💫✨ A post shared by  Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on Nov 6, 2018 at 7:47pm PST You know, it's funny. There's a finesse to it, right? Like you can get away with it a little bit depending on who you are. But if you choose it at the wrong moment, you really, really douche out. So you have to be careful. You have to feel the room. You have to know where you are. Everything is about feeling out what feels right at the moment. But I mean, I have worn them inside. I like to think I didn't make a fool of myself.  I really don't know. I wear them to the gym, I wear them on rainy days, I wear them to red carpet events sometimes. I wear them in videos all the time. I wear them in real life when I go to pick my kids up at school. I wear them when I'm hiking. I just wear them all the time.   The workouts to learn how to pole dance are really difficult. We'd gotten down a little bit of a routine now and luckily I don't have to do a whole bunch of it in the movie. It takes so much upper body strength and leg strength and core strength. And on top of it all you're spinning around, sometimes really fast. It's a real skill.   It's an exciting year ahead between the two movies, this movie, and another one. It's an exciting year and it's definitely jam packed. I'm excited for this collaboration with Quay and all the other collaborations I'm dong this year, artistically as well. I'm working with some amazing people and going on tour. It's going to be a big party. I think it's going to be an amazing time. My secret to balancing it all is taking it one day at a time and concentrating on doing my best in every moment. That's all I can do.   Everything’s just peachy 🍑 #tangerinedream #peachesNCream #topnaughty #suitsandfruits #throwingshades #doublebuns  Knot your average peach 🍑  To peach their own 🍑 Practice what you peach 🍑 😂 A post shared by  Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on Sep 16, 2018 at 7:46pm PDT You can shop the collection now at QuayAustralia.com. 
 Securing a spot on Twitter's trending topic list can be both a blessing and a curse. On Tuesday, Tom Ford got a taste of, well, both (?) when a now-deleted comment about Melania Trump was attributed to him. "I have no interest in dressing a glorified escort who steals speeches and has bad taste in men," the quote read. Only problem is Ford never actually uttered those words. But the damage was already done. The Twitter machine took off and Tom Ford's "quote" was already getting the meme treatment.  The original fabricated quote made its rounds on Twitter and eventually landed on rapper 50 Cent's Instagram where he reposted the since-deleted original tweet praising Tom Ford while denouncing Gucci (presumably referring to the blackface backlash the brand faced last month).   😆Fuck Gucci , Im wearing Tom Ford💰LOL #lecheminduroi #bransoncognac A post shared by  50 Cent (@50cent) on Mar 19, 2019 at 6:52am PDT “This is an absolutely fabricated and completely fake quote attributed to Mr. Ford that has somehow gone viral," a spokesperson for Tom Ford told ELLE.com. "Mr. Ford did not make this statement; it is completely false."  Tom Ford did, years ago, comment on dressing Melania Trump. During an appearance on The View in 2016, Ford said he previously declined to dress Melania because she doesn't fit his "image."  He clarified his statement months later during an interview with ELLE.com on the Golden Globes red carpet: "Given this President's beliefs about 'made in America'–I think the clothes they wear should be made in America," Ford said. "I think that whoever is the President, or the First Lady, should be wearing clothes at a price point that are accessible to most Americans, and wearing clothes made in America. My clothes are made in Italy, they're very, very expensive. I don't think most women or men in our country can relate to that, and I think the First Lady or the President should represent all people." Still, Twitter had a field day with the Ford's fake quote and the memes are the best part.  Alexa play Tom Ford by Jay z pic.twitter.com/DqT4Af1lTi Me just finding out why Tom Ford is trending (and liking it): pic.twitter.com/CkAL8ltwiL Heading over to get some Tom Ford even tho I can’t afford it 🤣 pic.twitter.com/tUPohpM0sU How can you boycott Tom Ford if you can’t even afford it pic.twitter.com/6VTQ8Qs5YS 
 Niche brands and direct-to-consumer drops might have a buzz factor, but nothing compares to finding a gem from a trusted-and-true retailer. We studied Banana Republic's spring collection and found all sorts of apparel and accessories perfect for spring.  With 40 years under its belt, the brand knows a thing or two about mastering versatile pieces that can take you from work to weekend to travel. Here, the 10 pieces good enough to make us stop mid-scroll. SHOP IT We've been on the lookout for a trench dress ever since a certain royal was spotted in one, and Banana Republic clearly heard our wishes. Elegant in its simplicity, we love how this style can be worn belted as a dress or open and layered over a full outfit. SHOP IT A silky blouse always feels expensive, and the pale blue hue is spot-on for this spring. Style with denim on the weekend or tailoring for the office.  SHOP IT Everyone on the ELLE.com fashion team couldn't stop talking about how good the denim is at Banana Republic. This low-key style—with no large logos or aggressive detailing—is wider than your standard straight leg, making it feel like a style statement. SHOP IT Roomy and easy to tote, the bucket bag is a forever favorite. We love how this one stands out from the crowd in a bright optic white. SHOP IT A practical lightweight sweater packs extra punch when covered in colorful stripes. We'd wear this with trousers to the office and frayed denim on the weekend. SHOP IT Sleek slides are the shoe that keeps on giving. Polished enough to wear to a formal event, but casual enough to work with jean shorts, there's no reason not to add this pair to your closet. SHOP IT A ballerina bodice and calf-length hemline are both timeless cuts that deserve a spot in your spring closet every season. Let this year's update be a sandy snakeskin print. SHOP IT There's a good chance you'll spot some cargo green on any given day in the ELLE office. The color's masculine vibe contrasts perfectly against the silhouette of a calf-length skirt. SHOP IT A one-piece is an unexpected number for the office or an evening out that's also incredibly easy to wear. Basically a pre-fab full look, it requires zero thoughts on how to style. SHOP IT If you're wondering what the perfect pair of white jeans looks like, this is it. The opposite of skintight, the kick-flare silhouette is casual-cool and flatters all frames.
 Whether you’ve been crushing your New Year’s fitness goals or just want to look like you are. Whether you’ve been crushing your New Year’s fitness goals or need extra motivation to hit the gym, a stylish pair of workout leggings will make you want to break a sweat in no time. Or at least help with your intention to break a sweat...which is equally as important sometimes. With ultra-cool (and well-made!) designs from indie activewear brands and famed labels alike, there’s no better time to stock up on sweat-proof tights to take you from deadlifts to downward dog, plus brunch and errand-running afterwards. 16 pairs that are topping our lists—from unique colorblocking to seamless silhouettes and the best in black. Black legging devotees: This subtle color-block design may convince you to break your stride. Another chic way to ease out of a black legging rut. The only thing better than a stylish pair of leggings is a stylish pair with pockets. All I can say is me-ow. Giving a whole new meaning to the term ‘going for the gold’. From demi pliés to triple pirouettes, this stirrup legging is the ultimate in ballerina-chic. Afraid of showing off too much in seamless leggings? Wear these on their own in class and then layered under sweats for running errands around town.  For a little fashion and a lot of function. This option comes in pastels, jewel tones and basic black, so you can squat, stretch, and sprint without a see-through sitch.  Show your stripes in this moisture-wicking legging with quick-dry technology. One customer review says these are the "softest thing I've ever put on my body." So yeah, add it to your card immediately.  From jab crosses to vinyasa flow, this triple-layer waistband stays put during every kind of workout. If you’re going to wear a print, make it a trendy snakeskin. Outdoor Voice’s TechSweat fabric is crazy-breathable with a ¾ length that’s ideal for petites. This four-way stretch compression legging is sustainably made from plastic water bottles and available in size XXS to 6XL. With a comfortable high rise and smoothing, second-skin feel, these Lululemon leggings have a cult following.
 When Instagram rolled out its bookmark feature (saving posts in a neat "board" to view later), it made my life simpler. I didn't have to scroll through my "Post You've Liked" page to find that dress or sneaker or makeup product I eventually wanted to purchase. Of course, it would be (dangerously) easier if I could just buy it right there and then.   And now...well, here it is. Instagram has released a new in-app shopping feature today, allowing users to purchase items without every leaving the feed.   On Tuesday morning, Eva Chen, director of fashion partnerships at Instagram, announced the new Instagram Checkout  feature on her Instagram Stories. Users will be able to tap the shopping tote bag icon, which then leads to the actual product page where users can choose their clothing/shoe size, color, quantity, etc before you complete your purchase on the payment page. Like most purchases you make, users will be asked to enter their name, email, billing information and shipping address once, and the information will then be"securely saved."  Additionally, shipping updates will be pushed as notifications within Instagram. At the moment, this feature only works for single-item purchases with plans to test out multi-item purchases in the future, per Buzzfeed News. The app launches with a handful of brands including Michael Kors, Burberry, Oscar de La Renta, Huda Beauty, KKW Beauty, Nars, Zara, H&M, Outdoor Voices. Chen teased that Dior, Prada, Balmain, Kylie Cosmetics, Anastasia Beverly Hills, Uniqlo and many more will be joining Instagram Checkout shortly. 
  
 After Gucci debuted a black balaclava sweater that looked strikingly similar to blackface imagery, it didn't take long for social media to throw the luxury house into the pool of "cancelled" designer brands. Now, Gucci is on a mission to regain the public's trust and with the help of legendary Harlem designer Dapper Dan, the brand announced what its first step would be: the Gucci Changemakers program. The initiative, designed to "support industry change and to foster unity through community action," includes three different divisions. First, the Gucci Changemakers Fund, a $5 million fund that will be used to build "strong connections and opportunities within the African-American community and communities of color at-large, while bringing positive change and inspiring solutions for a better future," the brand explained in a press release.  Gucci is also rolling out its Gucci Changemakers Scholarship program, which will provide funding to college students who are interested in working in the fashion industry. Students who get accepted into the program (applicants will be selected by the Changemakers Council) will be given a $20,000 grant to help fund their education over the course of four years. The third sector of Gucci's new initiative is the Gucci Changemakers Volunteering program. According to a press release, Gucci Changemakers Volunteering Program "empowers all 18,000 Gucci employees worldwide to dedicate up to 4 paid days off for volunteering activities in their local communities.  This represents up to 8,000 days of volunteer support in North America, the first region in the global rollout, where volunteering opportunities cover four main pillars: equality; support for refugees and the homeless; protection of the environment; and education." A day prior to Gucci's announcement, Dapper Dan, who collaborated with the luxury house on a capsule collection last year, shared his excitement about Gucci's new plan on Instagram.  A post shared by Dapper Dan (@dapperdanharlem) on Mar 17, 2019 at 1:50pm PDT "Black designers and fashion professionals will be given new opportunities through these new initiatives. It is imperative that we have opportunities to learn on a world-class level, and also have a seat at the table to say how we should be represented," he wrote in a note. "Through our work together, Gucci is in a position to steer the overall industry toward becoming a better, more inclusive one. This does not end with Gucci, it begins with Gucci." 
 I hate to break it to you guys, but we're officially entering into that time of year where you'll be asking yourself the same question every morning: "Should I wear a jacket?" Yes, winter dressing might be brutal, but getting dressed for Spring is so much worse (there I said it), because the weather is too unpredictable. There's a small window of time where layering a long-sleeve shirt under a jacket is a sweat-free option; you never know when it's time to shave your legs; some weeks it rains on end.  And that's why you need to be prepared. I've found 15 things you can add to your closet to prep for this tricky season and they're all 15 percent off on Net-A-Porter's exclusive sale. Just add 'NETAPORTER15' at the checkout, and all your wardrobe woes will be solved.  Veronica Beard makes some of the best-fitting blazers: They're snug at your waist, but don't make your arms feel immobile. An added bonus to this style? The Cher Horowitz appeal. Trench coats are a springtime staple, and there's nothing like Burberry's OG cut. Their classic coats are rarely on style, which means the time to pick one up is now.  When we're feeling lazy, a white tee is our typical go-to. You can try a style with a refreshing detail like Sacai's floral back.  You could easily wear this jumpsuit without a jacket this spring, because the weight of the denim is just heavy enough.   Your footwear will no longer be determined by slushy streets, which means it's time for a pair of fresh white sneakers. Is there anything Nike's Cortez kicks don't go with?  It's almost too cold to wear dresses, so a long-sleeved midi is the ticket. Wear them with knee-high boots now, then swap for sandals when the weather heats up.  Cargo pants are making a comeback, but we know everyone won't be thrilled with the '90s throwback. This flared look is a grown-up version of the pocketed pants from your teens. A wrap dress will never go out of style, so you can easily stock up on them during Net-A-Porter's sale. This pretty blue option will brighten up your spring wardrobe, and is lightweight enough to wear into summer.   From a rainy day to a bad hair day, bucket hats are a lifesaver. Test out the trend in denim, which will easily match your existing style.  Cowboy boots are having a moment, so go ahead and cave. We love this Ganni pair that is a modern, quirky version of the look.  Denim jackets are an easy fall-back, but safari jackets are just as versatile. Plus, this pistachio color is unlike anything you already own.  It's not time for silk slip skirts just yet (that windchill will do you under), so opt for a heavier fabrication. Your prone-to-frostbite thighs will thank you.  A basic cardigan works year-round. This spring we'll be testing out the no-layering look in this timeless style. A silk neck scarf is the most underrated accessory. For chilly March afternoons, add it to a plain white button down.  If you're itching to wear summer dresses, printed pants are the solution. They offer the same playful vibe without sacrificing bare legs. 
 There are small, but distinct differences between your pool bikini, beach bikini, and vacation bikini. After all, wearing white on the sand leads to ruining the fabric's stark hue but could look really amazing against a turquoise pool. Substantial fabrics are needed for snorkeling and diving, but you could go with something a little slinkier if you're just lounging around. In short, you'll probably pack a very different swimsuit for a trip to Greece than the ones you'll wear on lakeside getaway. And if you're a swimsuit fanatic like myself, you'll take this as an excuse to buy a suit for every occasion. Shop the eight newest swimwear trends, including a surprising comeback Paris Hilton would approve of.  Animal Prints Leopard and zebra prints are trending in everyday style, so you might as well carry them into swimwear. The V-shape of this bikini bottom will be super flattering on your thighs.  Animal Prints Nothing says "Sure, I'll try this trend," like a steal under $20. Zaful boats over three million IG followers too, so don't forget to tag them in your next poolside selfie.  Animal Prints & Other Stories is one of our favorite places to shop for affordable swimwear, and this set doesn't disappoint.   Ring Details The ring adds a subtle, retro touch to classic swimsuits. This heart-shaped detail is a sweet interpretation of the trend.  Ring Details We envision wearing this swimsuit on our next vacation, where the floral print will complement the tropical destination. Ring Details Test the trend out with this affordable little black bikini.   Iconic Prints We're also calling this trend the Paris Hilton Bikini. Revisit the 2000s with throwback designer prints that feel surprisingly fresh, like this neutral Burberry check.  Iconic Prints We hope logomania never goes away, because this high-waist bikini bottom will flatter us for years. Iconic Prints No one does zig zags better than Missoni.  Rose Gold This metallic hue is usually reserved for jewelry because it complements most complexions, so why not apply the same logic to your swimwear?  Rose Gold The sporty bands help secure you bikini in place.  Rose Gold Rose gold works exceptionally well for a "formal" swimwear setting, i.e. day parties in Las Vegas. High-Cut Bottoms This throwback silhouette got its start in the '80s, but we're ready for its return. Cut a little higher on the thigh, this style will make your legs look impossibly long.  High-Cut Bottoms Try a punchy, graphic print unlike anything in your closet.  High-Cut Bottoms We love the contrast of gingham and the racy silhouette.  Feminine Frills If your style is inspired by The Virgin Suicides, you'll love this girly trend. Loveshackfancy's swimwear collection is ripe with ditsy florals, ruffles, and bows galore, which satisfies our Gunne Sax obsession.   Feminine Frills Remember when you used to wear handkerchiefs as tops? This is the (super cute) bikini version.  Feminine Frills The ruffle detailing along the hip will flatter your legs.  Underwire Tops To the dismay of many, bikini tops started to get real tiny. But, support is on its way, because underwire tops are making a huge comeback. We love the nostalgic polka dots of this set and the unexpected color combo.   Underwire Tops  As someone who owns this bikini, let me say it's secure enough to surf in, but cheeky enough to strut in.   Underwire Tops  If you're looking for a print like no other, look to Fella. They are experts in florals, retro stripes, and more.  Smocked Sets  Ruched detailing is a favorite trend of ours, because it's one of the comfiest. Go with a style like this one from Tory Burch that works for poolside snacks.   Smocked Sets   The allover smocking treatment on this suit gives it a lovely texture.   Smocked Sets   We love that you can wear this suit as a crop top, too. 
 The season’s sweetest styles are twice as delectable when paired with candy-coated lashes and hair.          Hair by Seb Bascle at Calliste; makeup by Lloyd Simmonds at Agence Carole; manicure by Michelle Humphrey at LMC Worldwide; set design by Trish Stephenson at CLM; produced by Lucy Watson Productions. This article originally appeared in the April 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE 
 I am forever searching for the next perfect pair of jeans. I have cut the hems off of countless pairs of skinny jeans to get that slightly frayed raw hem. Now, of course, I'm regretful. I miss a finished hem. I'm tired of slim-fitting denim.  New denim brand Boyish's Kirby style is an antidote to the raw hem, slightly distressed, slim-cut jeans that seem to be everywhere. They are wide-leg, high-waist, and have a thick, finished hem that hits at that magic just-above-the-ankle spot.  There are no front pockets, which some might find annoying, but I find the no-pocket deal to be incredibly flattering. They suck everything in that you want sucked in but they're not otherwise tight. Boyish denim also puts an emphasis on sustainability. Denim is one of most notoriously wasteful segments of the fashion industry, so buying vintage denim is the most sustainable choice. Unfortunately finding a pair of vintage jeans that fit just right is nearly impossible. Boyish has a modern fit and seems to be walking the walk when it comes to sustainability efforts. Founded by Jordan Nodarse, the guy who launched Reformation's denim, Boyish uses one-third of the amount of water typically needed to produce a pair of jeans, and uses only recycled fabrics as well as ethical factories.  Also? They smell great. When I unfolded them a gentle scent was released, like a perfume I'd actually want to wear. Sure enough, I confirmed with the company that they spray their product with a scent as part of the "customer experience." Delightful. 
 Model Flaviana Matata talks giving back to the community that raised her and living a life free from boundaries. When she was passed up for a modeling contract with a major cosmetics brand, Flaviana Matata had one reaction.  She celebrated.  “I remember wanting that job so much,” she says, reflecting on the casting that took her all the way to the final round. “Sometimes you want it so badly, but instead of being jealous or bitter, it’s okay to celebrate others.” (It didn’t hurt that the “other” in this case was fellow Tanzanian model and friend Herieth Paul.) Banana Republic Satin Maxi Dress, $149 and Slide Sandals, $58 That instinct to celebrate other women—shown most recently by her presentation of the Banana Republic No Boundaries honor at ELLE's fourth annual Impact Awards—lays bare a sense of self that she says was ironically shaped, in large part, by the men in her life.  “My mother passed very early, and I was raised by a bold and proud Tanzanian man who instilled invaluable principles in me and my four siblings,” she says. Among them: staying grounded, speaking up, and pushing past the boundaries she’d inevitably face as a black woman in the fashion industry.  “The foundation my father laid allowed me to never lose sight of who I was and it has kept me through every transition.”  Confidence breeds freedom, Matata attests, not as much with her words as with the resolve she exudes in talking about her career path to date.  “Who I am will never change, and my personal style is as diverse as my experiences.”  “I always believe that everything happens for a reason. They say that if something is for you, it will happen. I don’t have a [fairy] godfather or godmother, one of those agents in your everyday life that’s going to push you, so for me it’s been about figuring out how the industry works.”  Banana Republic Trench Coat, $249, T-Shirt, $42.50, Tuxedo Ankle Pants, $98.50, and Studded Slides, $68 Sometimes, that requires a lot of personal juggling; other times, it means looking to those who’ve charted a similar course for a guiding light. But mostly, it means being free and accepting what the universe is going to give you, Matata says.  “I know there are certain things that I can’t do, but you [can't] be so uptight. Just explore and learn as you go.”  Banana Republic High-Rise Wide-Leg Jeans, $98.50, Shell, $59.50, and Cardigan, $79.50 It isn’t surprising that Matata follows the same self-assured approach when it comes to her personal style.  “Who I am will never change, but my personal style is as diverse as my experiences,” she says.  In other words, trends aren't her thing. Rather, it's a mix of style and substance focusing on clothing ready for the possibility of whatever's to come. “Whether I’m rocking high-waisted trousers, classic sundresses, or runway gowns, I use my clothes and style to live out loud, to just be who I am or who I feel like. At the end of the day, you have to feel good about what you’re wearing. I just don’t want to be limited.”  Banana Republic Trench Dress, $139, Wide-Leg Pants, and Mules, $98 But being limit-averse places Matata in the crosshairs of a conundrum at times—and she admits that it isn’t always a comfortable place to be.  “I think that’s why I haven’t been to a place where people expect me to be, because I don’t follow fashion policies.” It’s especially tough to stay grounded at “super high-fashion things,” she says. But then she remembers her dad’s advice.  “If I go somewhere where I feel I don’t belong or I’m not welcomed, I’ll do other things. I don’t believe in putting all of my eggs in one basket.” Banana Republic White Blazer, $199, Pants, $98.50, and Sneakers, $138 Training her gaze on the next opportunity seems to be the impulse that keeps Matata going. But lately, it’s also the fifteen girls her foundation, The Flaviana Matata Foundation, is helping put through college.  “At the heart of the foundation is opportunity,” she says. “Opportunity through education.”  Banana Republic Jumpsuit, $149 With millions of girls all across the globe being denied access to education, FMF aims to offer the resources and supplies needed to put them through school. It's a mission not far removed from Banana Republic's P.A.C.E. initiative, the company's commitment to assist and empower women making its clothing in developing countries. “In Tanzania, and Africa in general, there is a sense of community that is unmatched in any environment I’ve experienced. Because of that I knew from the onset of my success that providing a platform and investing back into the community that raised me was a necessity.  I’ve been supported to get to where I am. Who am I not to support others?” “I knew investing back into the community that raised me was a necessity.” Make no mistakes though: Altruism, for Matata, isn’t a trend moment either. One of the most significant moments of her mission thus far was watching the first 15 girls supported by FMF graduate from secondary school last year. With the next opportunity in sight, she says, “We’re looking forward to supporting these girls, to [helping them] graduate from college, get a great job, and be able to come back to the foundation, mentoring girls or volunteering their time.” Banana Republic Stripe Shirt, $89.50, Trousers, $110, Sweater, $169, and Sneakers, $138 This month, she’s helping fellow “change makers and rule breakers” see their missions through, too, by presenting Banana Republic’s No Boundaries Award at ELLE’s Impact Awards.  “We’ve reached a point where we have to say, 'If you have a seat at the table, you have to pull others up,” she says. “We have one life to live. We have one voice and I try to use mine in every way.” Banana Republic Dress, $149, and Sweater, $89.50 SHOP ALL OUR BANANA REPUBLIC PICKS DP: Nate Best; Styling: Lindsay Grosswendt; Hair and Makeup: Renee Garnes  Shot on location at the Phillip Johnson-designed Wiley House in New Canaan, CT. 
 In January, Virgil Abloh presented his second Louis Vuitton collection, inspired the legacy of the late Michael Jackson. From the soundtrack to the set to the diamond-encrusted white gloves given as invites, the King of Pop's influence touched every aspect of the show.  But in the following weeks, the man Abloh praised as "the most important person in innovating men’s wear ever" became the topic of HBO's latest documentary, Leaving Neverland, in which two men alleged the pop icon sexually abused them as children. As a result, Abloh and Louis Vuitton have put an end to the production of the Michael Jackson-themed pieces from the collection.  "I am aware that in light of this documentary the show has caused emotional reactions," Abloh said in a statement to WWD. "I strictly condemn any form of child abuse, violence or infringement against any human rights." Abloh added that his "intention for this show was to refer to Michael Jackson as a pop culture artist. It referred only to his public life that we all know and to his legacy that has influenced a whole generation of artists and designers." Michael Burke, chairman and chief executive officer at Louis Vuitton, added, “We find the allegations in the documentary deeply troubling and disturbing. Child safety and welfare is of utmost importance to Louis Vuitton. We are fully committed to advocating this cause.” The Jackson references were peppered throughout Abloh's fall 2019 fashion show. In addition to the glove-invite, the actual collection featured a graphic t-shirt of Jackson's signature toe stand and the singer's early hit "Wanna Be Startin' Something" was reworked into a more haunting rendition as the soundtrack.   @louisvuitton finale! 👏🏾 👏🏾 A post shared by  Yashua (Simmons) (@yashuasimmons) on Jan 17, 2019 at 6:31am PST  𝓛𝓸𝓾𝓲𝓼 𝓥𝓾𝓲𝓽𝓽𝓸𝓷 ideation studio invitation design. ⁣ ⁣ See the thing is, there is only one....⁣ There was only one...⁣ Not me, but you.⁣ Us.⁣ There was only one us.⁣ ⁣ ©2019 virgil abloh c/o 𝓛𝓸𝓾𝓲𝓼 𝓥𝓾𝓲𝓽𝓽𝓸𝓷 2.0 A post shared by @ virgilabloh on Jan 16, 2019 at 4:18pm PST Speaking to Interview Magazine, Abloh explained how influential Jackson is to his design process. "My next Louis Vuitton collection is going to be based on Michael Jackson," he said, "and when I have Michael singing in the background, it’s a different type of shirt, it’s a different kind of boot, it’s a different fit of pants. Music is key." 
 The iHeartRadio Music Awards are being held tonight in Los Angeles and some of music's biggest acts are already arriving on the red carpet. From Taylor Swift to Ariana Grande, here's a look at what everyone is wearing for the show. 
 The right shoe can work *magic.* Barring a job that requires a uniform or an extremely conservative vibe, your weekend clothes can clock-in at your 9-to-5 easier than you might assume. How you style them can instantly provide legs beyond brunch—and shoes are the perfect punctuation. Here, six items typically relegated to Saturday and Sunday get weekday-ready with the addition of the right type of shoe.  SHOP THE SHOES INC International Concepts Pumps, $70  (Shop similar jumpsuit and bag) SHOP THE SHOES INC International Concepts Sandals, $80 (Shop similar pants and bag) SHOP THE SHOES BCBGeneration Sandals, $109 (Shop similar pants and jacket) SHOP THE SHOES INC International Concepts Mules (Shop similar dress and bag) SHOP THE SHOES INC International Concepts  Sandals, $90 (Shop similar jeans and blazer) SHOP THE SHOES INC International Concepts Sandals, $90 (Shop similar pants and sweater)
 Sandals are great but...have you tried sneakers that give your feet actual support (and prevent them from getting filthy)? Sneakers are taking the number one spot as our go-to shoe during the warmer months. With styles that come in gingham, cherry print, and a literal beach scene, the freshest kicks are more seasonally appropriate than flip flops. Shop our roundup of the best summer sneakers, here.  Vans' classic, easy to slip on style, but in a cheery picnic-blanket gingham print.   Another classic kick but in a summer-ready bold color. Plain white plimsolls are the ballet flats of sneakers, and these are a ridiculous steal at under $40.  Riccardo Tisci is bringing back the Burberry check in a big way, and infusing it into everyday pieces like these sneakers. Hey, if you want to show off your label love, this is a comfy way to do it. Converse searched their archives as inspiration for this retro style that will make you feel like an extra in The Sandlot.  These are for the girl who never says no to extra guac. Total whimsy, plus a little extra height without a heel.  It's the opposite of the spare, white, sneaker. A whole summer beach party on your feet. Fluoro chunky kicks that were made for the 'gram. CAT is known for construction equipment, but they'll be known for their footwear if they keep making sneakers this good.  Air Max 720s are the highest bubble soles Nike has ever made. These also look like a Firecracker popsicle, too.  Tretorn's classic kick, but with a playful rainbow detail. Perhaps the dad sneaker trend is more palatable in pastel?  I'm obsessed with cherry print, and these cost less than a bag of organic cherries. Plain white high-tops go great with cropped jeans or denim skirts and this collab from Gola and J.Crew has just the right amount of difference: subtle floral detailing. Style this girlish pair of sneakers with a little white dress.   Millennial purple is the new Millenial pink. There I said it.  Sneakers for when you're feeling extra, these Stella McCartney kicks have everything: platform, rainbow, and they're iridescent. 
 Amal Alamuddin Clooney has style and smarts in spades. Flip through her best ensembles.  In a navy asymmetical jumpsuit with George Clooney at the People's Postcode Lottery Charity Gala at McEwan Hall in Edinburgh, Scotland. Speaking in a sleeveless turtleneck and long black leather skirt at the 2018 Massachusetts Conference For Women at the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center. In a white tank, beige ankle-tie harem pants, and black suede mules at the Toronto airport. In a burgundy velvet gown at the WAAAUB UK Chapter Gala Dinner in London. In a Giambattista Valli jumpsuit with designer Giambattista Valli and Philippa Webb at the brand's London store opening on Sloane Street. In a powder blue coat and cheetah dress while walking around New York City. Leaving her apartment to go lecture at Columbia University. In a green Michael Kors Collection trench coat while out in New York City. On stage at the Watermark Conference for Women 2018 at San Jose Convention Center. Hiking with Isla Fisher at LA's Runyon Canyon. In vintage Bill Blass at the Westwood, California premiere of Suburbicon. In vintage Versace at the Farfetch and William Vintage Celebrate Gianni Versace Archive event in Los Angeles. In Bottega Veneta and carrying a Michael Kors Collection bag at a United Nations Security Council meeting on threats to international peace and security in New York City.  Wearing a Monse top and Linda Farrow sunglasses out in Venice.  In Ermanno Scervino while out to dinner at the Venice Hotel Daniele with George Clooney in Venice. Getting dinner with friends at Harry's Bar in Cernobbio, Lake Como, Italy. Holding hands (and carrying Sarah Bag's Pins Classic clutch) while out for dinner at the Gatto Nero Restaurant in Lake Como, Italy. Arriving at Chatham House in London. At the UN headquarters in New York City. In Bottega Veneta while out in New York City. In Salvatore Ferragamo pumps at the International Women's Day event at the UN in New York City With George Clooney, leaving their hotel in Paris.  Out in London, photographed for the first time following confirmation that she and George Clooney are expecting twins. Arriving at the airport in an Adam Lippes coat and a slouchy Alberta Ferretti sweater.  In vintage Chanel (from William Vintage) while at the Women Of Impact dinner with George Clooney in Davos, Switzerland. Walking with George Clooney outside of their Sonning, UK home. In Dolce & Gabbana at a Netflix special screening and reception of The White Helmet in London, making her first appearance since rumors circulated that she could be pregnant.  Addressing the Texas Conference for Women in Austin, Texas, in Giorgio Armani.  Out on a double date with George Clooney, Cindy Crawford, and Rande Gerber at Giorgio Baldi restaurant in Los Angeles. In a lavender striped Tome jumpsuit while visiting George Clooney on set of Suburbicon in Los Angeles.
 Shoes you're about to see everywhere, courtesy of Saks Fifth Avenue Fashion Director Roopal Patel. Shoes can make or break a look. As the true anchor of an outfit, the pair we select can add a whole lot of expression or, conversely, counterbalance something super wild. Whether its own moment or a subtle touch, a few key shapes emerge each season as bonafide trends. We connected with Saks Fifth Avenue Fashion Director Roopal Patel to identify the top shoe trends you're about to see everywhere. Click through to reveal each (plus shopping recos so you can get a jump on wearing it first). "This spring, the slide gets a luxe update," Patel explains. "From heritage designers to PVC styles, this fashionable flat is going to be my go-to shoe this season." Balenciaga Studded Sandals SEE THE PRICE Rhinestones make the beach-casual vibe of denim and an espadrille sole feel jazzy. Miu Miu Denim Espadrilles SEE THE PRICE A simple slide doesn't need to be boring: Look for bright colors and playful trims. Chloé Slides SEE THE PRICE A chunky top knot makes this thin-soled sandal feel extra retro. Tabitha Simmons Sandals SEE THE PRICE To formalize beachy raffia, look no further than sparkly gems. Prada Raffia Slides SEE THE PRICE  "The sneaker continues to be versatile. This spring, it retains its utility-inspired features while also having decidedly couture vibes," Patel notes. Fendi Sneakers SEE THE PRICE Take webbing and panels—but make it fashion (via jolts of pink and blue). Balenciaga Sneakers SEE THE PRICE  Exaggeration is key to taking classic sneaker elements from functional to fashion. Look for oversized treads, straps, and toe caps. Calvin Klein 205W39NYC Sneakers SEE THE PRICE A classic running shoe body feels luxe with spots of silvery sparkle and snakeskin-esque panels. Miu Miu Wedge Sneakers SEE THE PRICE Standout fashion touches—like square flaps of ultra fluorescent red—signify an old-school high-top is decidedly current season. Off-White High-Top Sneakers SEE THE PRICE "Neon was the color on the spring runways, from hot pink to highlighter orange to ultra-lime green," says Patel. "I like to use it as an accent shade to pop neutrals or wear head-to-toe." Alexandre Birman Neon Sandals SEE THE PRICE Love the '90s feel that's been popping up everywhere? Go all in with highlighter-pink and see-through PVC. Prada Sandals SEE THE PRICE The dad sneaker is updated for spring courtesy of a jolt of neon. Stella McCartney Sneakers SEE THE PRICE It's hard to go subtle and florescent at the same time. Go big or go home with a sculptural pump.  Fendi Satin Pumps SEE THE PRICE Bright, bright yellow makes a simple style feel extra punchy. Dries van Noten Sandals SEE THE PRICE
 Once associated with practical dads or grade school librarians, sunglasses chains have come a long way. Designers have reworked them with gold chains, baroque pearls, and other new materials that help add interest to even the most boring pairs of sunnies (because let's be real, those are the ones you wear daily). Even better, they ensure you'll never lose your favorite pair of shades again. Shop 15 chic options, ahead.  One of our fave sunglasses strap brands, UK-based Frame Chain makes the most glammed up styles like figaro chains and geometric styles that look more like statement earrings.  Not your mother's pearls.  Go clear with this lucite curb link.   You're not a dad on vacation, but your every day style channels him.   You can never have too much bling.  Neon nylon straps are the OG sunglass strap. Try them with on-trend sporty sunglasses.  You're a star, and so are your sunglasses.  A two-tone chain link will match your metal frames.  This affordable option looks great with tortoise frames.  The cord back means it'll sit comfortably against your neck.  Real pearls and technicolor beads? Yes, please.   A hint of gold will do.  Contrast these colorful chains with even brighter shades.   A steal from Amazon Prime.  Technically this is an accessory to attach to Chloé sunglasses, but they're too cute to ignore. 
 Last summer, Rebecca Taylor chucked up the deuces to her beloved New York City to set up shop in Paris and unveil a City of Light-inspired lineup for her Fall 2019 ready to wear collection. Complete with flouncy dresses and skirts, polished suiting, and slick leather in earthy hues and floral prints, the collection fit Paris's easygoing pace. But as they say, you can take the girl out of the city, but you can't take the city out of the girl, so for her latest venture, Tailored Rebecca Taylor, the designer looked to the fast-paced streets of New York City to dress the woman on the go.  Designed to bridge the gap between traditional Rebecca Taylor gals and those who may need something a little more buttoned up for the workplace, the Tailored Rebecca Taylor wear-to-work collection serves up looks like a crisp white suit with lace floral applique, a breezy navy set with wide leg pants, a sleeveless ruffle-trim dress perfect for summer presentations, plus a high-neck Victorian blouse that can go from your office to happy hour— all priced between $250 and $550. Considered in design, these are also all pieces you can wear to deal with the dreaded 80 degree outside/50 degree inside conundrum of everyday office-life.    Shop Tailored Rebecca Taylor which launches today, exclusively at Nordstrom, Rebecca Taylor stores and specialty boutiques across the US, UK and Canada. 
 Bath robes, flowers, and picture frames are great Mom gifts, but chances are you already gifted them over the years. Your mom did raise you, so the least you can do is throw in some unexpected goods, like a customized pearl necklaces. Click through for thoughtful home goods, funny presents, and more unique gifts for a Mother's Day she'll always remember.   She's going to want all of J.Crew's new, gingham collection.  Fry Powers is our new favorite jewelry line, and their pearls are unlike any others. Get personal and send in your mother's own strand (with her permission), and they'll rework it into a completely new, unique piece. No one makes a cocktail better (or stronger) than your mom.  She's your biggest supporter, and you, hers. This shirt supports International Women's Day, with proceeds going to Women for Women International, a non-profit that supports marginalized women in countries affected by conflict and war.  This self-rolling mat is ideal for moms trying out yoga for the first time.  At-home crème brûlées are a game-changer.  Mom jeans for moms.   Your mom will never transition to iCal, so she might as well have an adorable planner.   No one deserves a good night's sleep more than your mom.  A bouquet of flowers is a standard Mother's Day gift, but present them in this glam vase instead.  She travels more than anyone you know. And can never find her suitcase at baggage claim more than anyone you know. This bright red style will be instantly recognizable.  Puffer vests are worn by gardening moms worldwide. This flashy style by industry favorite designer is unlike anything your mom owns.  We need diamond-shaped scarves to dramatically increase in popularity.  This skin kit has all of Drunk Elephant's cult-favorite products for her to test out.  Your mom is about to get way cuter.   You'll likely end up buying one for yourself, too.  She's Beyoncé's #1 fan. You're #2.  A little blue box gift (without the jewelry box price tag).  Cute baby dresses are for parents, not the kids.  Ok, a robe isn't exactly unique, but it's a total fail-safe gift for anyone.  If you're feeling mischievous, you can pretend you knitted this handmade blanket.  Did you, too, love canned soup as a child? Your mom remembers.  Great Jones is the new Le Creuset. Get with it.  Great Jones Family Style Pot, $95; greatjonesgoods.com  SHOP NOW You're fairly certain your mom invented the quote "but first, coffee."   This roomy bag screams "I'm a chic mom." A heartfelt note is mom's favorite gift.  
 Kimora Lee Simmons Leissner announced the relaunch on International Women's day.   Baby Phat is back! A very Happy International Women's day indeed!  Kimora Lee Simmons Leissner, designer, model, and entrepreneur, celebrated our day by announcing the return of streetwear brand Baby Phat. Leissner broke the news at a UN Women and Gender Innovation Coalition for Change today. According to WWD, Leissner spoke of her personal mission to champion equality and representation for women, especially of women of color. (Can I get a hell yeah?) “That’s always been my message, but it’s never more relevant than it is now,” said Leissner.  Leissner served as the creative director of Baby Phat from 2000 to 2010, a timeframe in which the band brought in sales in excess of $1 billion, according to WWD. The mogul said she was inspired to bring the brand back by her two daughters, who are 16 and 19.“Over the past several years, we realized the brand resonates with people and lives deep in their souls," said Leissner to WWD. " She said women at that age have a “need for messaging” that Baby Phat once projected. (Meaning inclusivity for all women who wanted Leissner's brand of female cool.)  While she declined to answer how the brand was purchased, we can expect to see new lines and a possible launch collaboration as early as this summer.     The brand's relaunch is already spurring nostalgia-fueled remembrances of great outfits past. I personally remember stealing a Baby Phat cheer jacket from my sister and feeling like the coolest woman alive. ELLE.com fellow Starr Bowenbank sported a hot pink Baby Phat puffer jacket when she was 12, and ELLE.com resident Cool Youth™ Nerisha Penrose had both a brown  puffer and a pink romper from the brand. In Penrose's words: "Every future bad bish wore Baby Phat."
 What are mom shorts, exactly? You can find the answer in old family photos—they're what your mom wore in the '80s and '90s while she cooked dinner, carried you on her shoulders through Disneyland, or supervised your playdates. It's off-duty Princess Di with royal kids in tow. Mom shorts don't elongate your legs or lift your butt, but they are carelessly chic in a way that makes us want to wear them daily (unlike super-tight hot pants). The main iteration of the style is denim cutoffs, but we're expanding the definition to include linen Bermudas and elastic waists, because our mom said it's okay. Shop 11 pairs of mom shorts that are so uncool they're cool, here.  No one does mom shorts better than Topshop.   Make this your summer work uniform: these shorts, dainty sandals, and a crisp white button-down.  Named after Cindy Crawford, who somehow made Mom Shorts sexy.  Wear these to the beach with a low-cut one-piece.  Can't you imagine gardening in these?  The v-shape of this pair will flatter your legs more than your average mom shorts. Cop the matching shirt for a safari-ready look.  Embroidered daisies brighten this pair up.   These affordable jean shorts from & Other Stories are a solid choice. These shorts are meant for your aunt's annual summer picnic.  If Prada says they're good, then they're good.  
 Catch them before they sell out!  Third times's the charm! Uniqlo and JW Anderson have linked up again for another great and well-priced collaboration. The collection is a mix of classic pieces and fun graphic prints which Anderson describes as a "summer wardrobe that could be relaxed and chic at the same time." Here are my top picks, including a reversible trench that serves as two coats in one. Hurry because this collection will sell out fast. With two looks in one, this is going to be your new favorite trench. This button down blouse is far from ordinary, with a Peter Pan collar and big puffy sleeves that hit at mid-elbow to avoid looking too child-like. This print makes me think of summer, which needs to get here soon. This versatile pair of shorts can work at the office with a button down or blazer and on the weekends with a tee. This is a men's top, but these stripes are classic. An easy, elegant take on a parka for cooler summer nights. It also comes in navy and khaki. Also borrowing this tee from the boys. It's the year of the bucket hat, so you might as well choose a fun one! This is one of those pieces that's easy to throw on, but instantly polishes your outfit.
 There might still be weeks of winter ahead of us, but if you're anything like me, the cold has you dreaming of warm summer days and the cute swimsuits you'll inevitably Instagram yourself wearing poolside. But if you're one to consider sustainability when shopping, check out one of these 15 eco-friendly suits that will look great and are nice to the planet. While many are made with recycled and sustainable materials, they'll still hold up in the water, so you don't have to sacrifice your look or your favorite beach activities. A very green win-win. Madewell recently launched its new Second Wave swim collection, featuring swimsuits made using recycled plastic. This one in particular is made using two water bottles. This one? Another two water bottles. As a brand, Reformation is dedicated to sustainability and strives to limit its environmental footprint in terms of waste, carbon, and water usage. These swimsuits are made with 78 percent ECONYL® regenerated nylon, which is made from nylon waste from landfills and oceans. According to Summersalt’s website, the company uses recycled materials to create its fabrics and its packaging. Peony not only uses regenerated nylon, the brand is also working to create in-house recycled and sustainable fabrics. Fair Harbor also uses plastic bottles to create their swimwear. The brand also offers a program called the “Round Trip Initiative,” where they will send you a prepaid shipping label, and you can send them your old swimsuits to be recycled and given a new life. (Bonus: If you take part in the program, you’ll receive a 10 percent discount code for each swimsuit you send, up to 30 percent off.) All of Mara Hoffman’s swimsuits are made using recycled nylon or recycled polyester; the brand also uses ECONYL®, the regenerated nylon mentioned above, that’s made from things like fishing nets, industrial plastic waste, and fabric scraps. Not only are Vitamin A suits produced in the U.S., they’re also made with sustainable materials, such as recycled nylon and recycled cotton. The company reports that it also gives some of its proceeds to environmental organizations that work to protect our oceans. Baythe’s swimwear also takes advantage of sustainable materials, using regenerated fabric to make their pieces.
 Basic cross body, what's that? Paris Fashion Week shows that your handbag collection should include chainmail coin purses, Balmain spikes, and a Chanel bag in the shape of an Aspen ski lift. Here, see all practically impractical bags on our wish list, fresh off the Parisian runway. 
 Rompers have the difficult reputation of being associated with babies. And we get it. Their other name is literally "playsuit," which just sounds like something you'd dress Prince George in. But Saint Laurent and Alexander Wang are reinterpreting the style for adults, and we're ready to transition from jumpsuits to rompers immediately. See 7 grown-woman ways to make the romper work for you, here.  Weddings are a great excuse to buy a new dress, or in this case, a fancy romper. This frilly lace number is going to get you all the compliments. Style them with your most comfortable dancing shoes and hit the dance floor.  Alice McCall Amora Playsuit, $360; alicemccall.com Bottega Veneta The Pouch, $1,200; bottegaveneta.com Treasure & Bond Sannibel Wedges, $80; nordstrom.com Simone Rocha Daisy Headband, $230; nordstrom.com Denim jumpsuits are our jam, so it's no surprise that a shorts version will be on heavy rotation this spring. With a pair of comfy sneakers and a hands-free crossbody, it's the perfect bodega run outfit.  Alice & Olivia Gorgeous Short Jumpsuit, $440; needsupply.com Veja Esplar Sneakers, $120; intermixonline.com J.Crew Enamel Circle Barrette, $16.50; jcrew.com Acne Studios Musubi Mini, $1,050; acnestudios.com Black tie events usually require a gown, but LBDs are a natural substitute. Try this tuxedo romper, then amp it up with statement heels and an evening pouch.  Fleur du Mal Bleted Satin Playsuit, $495; net-a-porter.com Vita Fede Sorrento Sunglasses, $320 (chain not included); virafede.com Giuseppe Zanotti x Rita Ora Sandal, $895; nordstrom.com Mateo 14k Gold ‘Not Your Mother’s Pearl’ Anklet, $595; mateonewyork.com Rosantica Call Feather Bag, $585; modaoperandi.com This moody floral romper might be our new favorite thing. Swap the matching belt out and slip on a belt bag through the waist loops for a brand new look.  Mango Flower Short Jumpsuit, $80; mango.com Loewe Heel Mini Leather Belt Bag, $790; net-a-porter.com Loeffler Rnadall Leia Sandal, $350; loefflerrandall.com Komono Marco Sunglasses, $70; needsupply.com If shorts are appropriate for your office, try this combo. Opt for an elevated fabric like tweed, then accessorize it with sleek black accessories.  Zara Tweed Jumpsuit, $50; zara.com Goldsign The Rib Turtleneck, $275; mytheresa.com M.Gemi The Scuola Bassa, $248; mgemi.com Ratio Et Motus Twin Frame Leather Tote, $1,495; net-a-porter.com ASOS Design Chain Belt, $29; asos.com We're not saying we copy Angela Chase's grunge style on the daily, but the laid-back aesthetic make getting dressed easy. Make the look a little less angsty with tie-dye Prada and rhinestone hoops.  Alexander Wang Wool Tie-Front Check Shirt Dress, $895; saksfifthavenue.com R13 Double Stack Leather Boots, $1,195; ssense.com Prada Pattina Tie-Dye Leather Shoulder Bag, $3,360; modaoperandi.com A New Day Pave Earrings, $8; target.com A romper is the perfect thing to pack for your next vacation, especially when it's a wrinkle-free style like this. This touristy print will be perfect for summery additions like a straw tote.  & Other Stories Tropical Map Romper, $95; stories.com Ugg Alicia Flip Flops, $100; ugg.com Freya Hats Hibiscus, $210; thefreyabrand.com Sensi Studio Bag, $240; sensistudio.com
 Whether you're the type to reach for a pair of combat boots or prefer the pizazz of a feathered stiletto, Paris Fashion Week has your feet covered. Check out the latest styles from Chanel, Dior, and more, here. 
 It's the last stop on the fashion tour and everyone is pulling out their best looks. Photographer Tyler Joe captures the fashion pack in Paris during fall fashion week.
 Designers have been tempting us with fedoras for a minute, and so far we’ve resisted the scam. But given that Chanel and Saint Laurent’s featured them on their Fall runways, we're starting to change our tune. If taboo hats aren't your style, head in the direction of Dior's bucket, which is sure you be a street style star. Beyond milliner feats, there were amazing sunglasses, jaw-dropping jewelry, and more accessories at PFW. Click through for our faves, ahead. 
 What comes across most clearly at Sarah Burton's Alexander McQueen shows, aside from the stunning craftsmanship and impeccable tailoring, is the thoughtfulness. There's a story behind each piece, behind the setting, behind even the seating for the show—imbuing the collection with emotional oomph.  For this fall 2019 collection, Burton went home to the North of England for inspiration. From the grey moors and seaside vistas, to the mills with their bolts of fabric and machinery, all of it found its way into the clothes, whether in the suiting made with fabric from those mills or the moody floral prints on the dresses.  Here, a closer look at what went into the collection.   The suiting was made with fabric from four British mills: William Halstead, John Foster, Bower Roebuck and Saville Clifford, and Joshua Ellis. Burton wrote that the "heart of the collection is inspired by the bolts of cloth we saw woven both by man and machine." The above look is made from a worsted flannel in charcoal grey.  Bolts of fabric from the factories were also used as seating for the show.  This white poplin shirtdress was inspired by the British suffragettes, who always dressed up and wore white to marches. Look closer and you'll see that this tulle tunic is embroidered with hundreds of glittery earrings—387 earrings to be precise.  How's this for sustainable? Scrap bits of fabric from the floors of the mills were used to create the 3-D rosettes on the skirt of this suit dress. Thousands of tiny snaps:  The dots on this knit dress are actually over 2000 dressmaker snaps, another nod to the importance of tailoring and the machinery in the mills.   That's a lot of fabric: The show-stopping taffeta finale looks, sewn and draped to look like flowers in bloom, were made from 25 meters (!) of material.  
 Bunions be damned, because your feet are going to look like cute little pot roasts this summer. The barely-there sandals you wore to prom are back and podiatrists worldwide are shaking. The style is single-soled, multi-strapped, sometimes metallic or pastel (to match your taffeta Jessica McClintock), and has a mom-approved mid-heel stiletto. And you don't have to wear them to a formal dance held in a school gym masquerading as a Hilton ballroom. These are meant for daily life. Style them down with a suit for work or make them casual with denim. It is 2019, after all.  High-end, indie, and mall brands alike are participating in the theme, including industry favorites like The Row and By Far. That means you can find a style that fits your (prom) budget. We're convinced the dainty style is a direct reaction the orthopedic footwear trend, so our feet are ready for the mild torture (akin to the high school experience).  Shop 10 of our favorite Prom Heels, here.  The little bow makes this shoe.  Like the name of these sandals, they bare it all.   Something about the curve of this heel screams 'The '90s.' This is our favorite budget buy, with a bonus of being tangerine orange.  What's prom without a little bling?  You'll wear these so often, you might as well buy two pairs.  I don't need mint green shoes, but I need mint green shoes.  Prom Queen goes to this flowery pair.  This is the shoe version of a little red corvette.  I guess we're over block heels.  
 On March 14, Project Runway returns to Bravo with a new host (Karlie Kloss) and mentor (Christian Siriano)—and with ELLE’s own Nina Garcia as a judge. Here, a sneak peek at the new class of designers and the work that landed them on the show’s seventeenth season. Hometown: Greenville, Ohio Currently: Cincinnati Instagram: @grindandglaze The Look: Minimal, elevated casualwear; unrefined luxury. My biggest strength as a designer: Choosing quality textiles, understanding a woman’s shape, and having a less-is-more approach to styling. My biggest weakness: Fear of the sequin.  Style icon: [Professor and influencer] Accidental Icon, because she is complete goals. I’d love to dress: Emma Watson, Rooney Mara, Tracee Ellis Ross, Solange, Meghan Markle, and Margaret Zhang. Hometown: Cranston, Rhode Island Currently: Providence, Rhode Island Instagram: @jamallosterholm The Look: Futurism that draws from the past. I am obsessed with reinterpreting different time periods where I can insert myself in a position of power. What inspired me to become a designer: Before I began using fabric and thread as a medium, I was making art that I wasn’t connected to. Creating clothing gave me the ability to ask myself questions about my identity. I’d love to dress: Naomi Campbell; that would be a dream. She’s an icon. Trend I’m loving: Cheetah prints! Trend I cannot stand: I’m really not into the Crocs craze. Hometown: Baltimore Currently: Baltimore Instagram: @Bishme_Cromartie The Look: Clothes that are conversation starters. This allows designers to act as activists and bring attention to causes they’re passionate about. What inspired me to become a designer: Fashion started out as a way for me to escape reality. Growing up in Baltimore was hard, but fashion helped me expand my imagination and blur what was happening in my neighborhood. It started with me sketching designs, and then my great-aunt showed me how to use a sewing machine. Fashion was a diary for me to get through tough times, a way for me to get my frustration out through my garments. Trend I cannot stand: Kitten heels. I will never like them. You can’t make me! Style icon: Rihanna, because she takes risks effortlessly. I'd love to dress: Beyoncé! Hometown: Lotopa, Samoa Currently: Orem, Utah Instagram: @afa.ahloo The Look: Sweetly bold! Fashion hero: Myself. Style icon: Iris Apfel, because the woman is a goddess. She knows style, and she is style. I’d love to dress: Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer. Hometown: Portland, Oregon Currently: Portland, Oregon Instagram: @soniakasparian_urchin The Look: Sculptural, sometimes edgy, romantic, and feminine. Trend I’m loving: Individuals wearing whatever the hell they want, and identifying themselves however the hell they feel. Trend I cannot stand: The white orthopedic nurse shoes worn with sportswear trend. It’s atrocious. Biggest weakness: I have no desire to do mass production. So I stupidly make everything one of a kind. Not the most efficient business model. Hometown: Louisville, Kentucky Currently: Los Angeles Instagram: @Frankiee_Leww The Look: I like to use texture and shape to celebrate the female body.What inspired me to become a designer: I spent much of my life dabbling in different areas of art, but it wasn’t until I found costume and fashion in college that I truly found the kind of creation I could be passionate about. Trend I’m loving: Women of all sizes feeling free to wear what makes them happy. Trend I can’t stand: Making brand-new clothes look distressed, and charging an arm and a leg for it. Fashion heroes: Iris Van Herpen and Elie Saab. I’d love to dress: If I could get Beyoncé onstage in a leotard I designed, I’d be ready to pack my bags and go on home to Jesus. Hometown: Cali, Colombia Currently: Fort Lauderdale Instagram: @iamsebastiangrey The look: Strong, sexy, soft, and educated. What inspired me to become a designer: While preparing for ballet performances, I began paying close attention to the details of the outfits being constructed. Style icon: Lady Gaga. She defies boundaries and isn’t afraid to try something new. My biggest strength as a designer: I work well as part of a team. Designing a garment for production involves the work of many, from pattern making to sewing to shipping. I pride myself in working well with all involved.   My biggest weakness: Overthinking. Hometown: Kingston, Jamaica Currently: Stone Mountain, Georgia Instagram: @RallifordHall The Look: I love volume, ruffles, and garments that have structure and form.What inspired me to become a designer: I wanted to look a certain way but could not find what I was looking for.My mission: Empowering women to look and feel beautiful. My biggest strength as a designer: Patience. Trend I’m loving: Head-to-toe prints. Style icons: The stars of Empire. Hometown: Homs, Syria Currently: Chicago Instagram: @rakanshamsaldeen Design philosophy: Every item from the collection is a piece of the puzzle, and putting them together helps you get the greater image. What inspired me to become a designer: Since I was five years old, I’ve wanted to be a fashion designer. It chose me! Trend I can’t stand: People wearing yoga pants and gym clothes everywhere. It’s not fashion! Mantra: Work hard in silence, and let your successes make the noise. My biggest strength as a designer: Creativity and imagination. Few people have it now in the industry. Biggest weakness: Being stubborn.  Style icon: Afef Jnifen. She is one of the most iconic fashion stars. She is a muse to me! I'd love to dress: Jessica Kahwati. Hometown: Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania Currently: Philadelphia Instagram: @harx4 The Look: Luxury streetwear. What inspired me to become a designer: My mother was a seamstress who made gowns. I guess those beautiful dresses stayed in my subconscious. Trend I’m loving: Layering. Trend I can’t stand: Exposed shoulders. My biggest strength as a designer: Since I don’t sketch, I’m able to visualize my concepts and bring them to life. Hometown: Bay Shore, New York Currently: New York City and the Catskills Instagram: @garosparo The Look: Taking elements from three eras: the distant past, the recent past, and envisioning the future. Trend I can’t stand: Slingbacks covered in marabou feathers or any type of shoe covered in fur. The idea of wearing them in the dirty city is cringe-worthy. Mantra: Every time you get knocked down, you have to stand right back up or someone else will stand in your place. What inspired me to become a designer: Watching movies from the Golden Age of Hollywood with my grandmother. She was a hat model during the ’20s and ’30s and had a fabulous collection of hats and gloves that I always loved to go through and examine. Trend I’m loving: Volcanic orange with red, as well as the revival of the snatched waist (#cinchedbygaro).My fashion heroes: Thierry Mugler, Claude Montana, Erté, and House of Worth.Style icon: Amanda Lepore! She was my first customer when I moved to New York and has always remained Amanda through every era.I’d love to dress: Yo-Landi Vi$$er of Die Antwoord. She has incredible style and is on the cusp of new forms of music that I’m obsessed with. Hometown: New York City Currently: Santa Fe Instagram: @besta_hesta The Look: Clowncore couture. What inspired me to become a designer: I started cutting up fabric at 5 or 6 and sewing my dolls’ outfits with plastic safety needles. By 7th grade, I was making or modifying my entire wardrobe and even selling designs I created to my fellow classmates.Mantra: The world always needs more sunshine in the sky.  Trend I’m loving: I always love when head-to-toe prints and print mixing are in style. I also love the ’70s and ’90s trend revivals, since they bring with them a lot of daring silhouettes and bright colors. Trend I cannot stand: I’m very ready for normcore to be a thing of the past. I just don’t understand why anyone would want to look basic.Style icon: I will forever love Rihanna. She is so unapologetically herself. Hometown: Brooklyn Currently: Dallas Instagram: @vennyetienne The Look: Chic, sophisticated sportswear with an edge. I love creating statement pieces that flatter a woman’s body. What inspired me to become a designer: I started participating in church fashion shows at around the age of 21. I started modeling for them, then styling, and finally showing some pieces of my own. I bought blazers at a thrift store and deconstructed them with my mom’s help.I was in school for investment banking, and I called a friend during a pre-calc class to say that I felt lost and didn’t know why I was going to school for something I didn’t have a passion for. He said, “Drop your classes and head to fashion school." Trend I’m loving: Subtle incorporations of shine and sparkle. Trend I cannot stand: Oversize clothes executed poorly. There’s an art to choosing to wear oversize clothes, as opposed to just wearing things that don’t fit. Too much fabric is not always the thing. My biggest strength as a designer: I’m a perfectionist. My biggest weakness: I’m a perfectionist.Style icon: Solange, because she takes a lot of risks and opts for looks that are bold in statement and silhouette. Hometown: Dehradun, India Currently: Brooklyn Instagram: @kovid.kpr The Look: Every garment is supposed to evoke a narrative, a feeling. I employ fabric manipulation techniques—screen printing, hand-painting, tambour beading, embroidery stitches—to create tactile expressions of otherwise abstract emotion. It’s a medium to encapsulate time itself. What inspired me to become a designer: While witnessing different cultures in my country, I realized that clothing served so much more purpose than shielding the human body. It served a deep psychological purpose of representation, identity, and self-expression. Trend I cannot stand: Wearing gym pants on all occasions. It’s taking over the human fashion existence! Hometown: Monroe, Louisiana Currently: Dallas Instagram: @lelachristiana The Look: Eco-luxury. What inspired me to become a designer: My grandmother had the most incredible style and a great collection of international fashion magazines. When I was very young, I acquired some of her collection and realized fashion could be more than just clothes you wear, but a way to express yourself. Trend I’m loving: Women wearing chic suits on the red carpet. Trend I can’t stand: Toe-ring sandals—it’s super-specific, but I can’t get behind them. My biggest strength as a designer: My ability to edit as I design. Biggest weakness: My ability to edit as I design. I’d love to dress: Emma Watson, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Cleo Wade, and of course Karlie, Nina, and Elaine!
 Your front-row view, no ticket required. The Louis Vuitton fall/winter 2019 show is about to begin. Catch all the action, from start to finish, below.
 C'est fini! Fashion month has come to a close, and Paris pulled out all the sartorial stops: We spotted this fall's it-accessory (Dior's bucket hat), it-dress (courtesy of Saint Laurent), and it-bag (Jacquemus' barely-there finger bags), and even it-collection (Karl Lagerfeld's final Chanel runway). Click through for ELLE.com's favorite looks, here. 
 Karl Lagerfeld famously said many things, and one of them was that he did not like funerals. “I do not want anyone to come to mine. Do what you want with the ashes,” he told Vanessa Gregoriadis in a 2002 profile in New York. “Send them down the garbage chute.” If guests at Chanel’s fall 2019 show needed any further indication that this presentation, Lagerfeld’s final collection after his passing on February 19, wouldn’t mark the occasion in any remarkable way, a simple drawing of Lagerfeld and Coco Chanel on each seat read “and the beat goes on.” There was a minute of silence to mark the occasion and that was that. So in many ways it was just another Chanel collection with another fantastical set: this time an Alpine ski town complete with piles of snow and smoking chimneys and après-ski clothes. There were chunky knit sweaters and skirts worn with shearling boots; loose, long menswear inspired coats in houndstooth and herringbone prints wrapped at the waist over pleat-front pants that took inspiration from men’s suiting; more classic tweed looks gave way to brightly colored puffers and zip front body suits. A series of feathery white dresses closed the show, delicate as snowflakes modeled by Adut Akech, Kaia Gerber, and Penelope Cruz, who smiled down the runway holding a white rose. Though nothing about the show invited an emotional outpouring, the finale brought many to tears, including the models and many in the front row. The entire Grand Palais rose to its feet for a standing ovation that lasted for minutes.
 Your front-row view, no ticket required. The Valentino fall/winter 2019 show is about to begin. Catch all the action, from start to finish, below.
 Backstage we talk to the star about her collection and the legendary model lineup (Grace Jones! Beverly Johnson! Pat Cleveland!).  It's easy to be cynical about a celebrity fashion project with a giant clothing brand. From the astronomical budget and relentless branding to the crush of people backstage, the whole thing can feel like a heart emoji replaced an actual heart. Enter Zendaya, an American Sweetheart for Gen Z, with her doll-perfect features and her famously take-no-sh*t attitude when it comes to speaking her mind. On Saturday night in Paris, she presented her first #TOMMYNOW collection for Tommy Hilfiger, with enough soul to make the whole audience (including Gigi Hadid, Tyra Banks, and some very excited French teenagers) stand up and dance. But it turns out, the 22-year-old star was cynical, too—at least at first. "Tommy called me," she said backstage in Paris before the show. "I didn't really believe it [was him] at first. Tommy Hilfiger on the phone? And he said, 'Look, if you do a show with me, you can have whatever you want and do whatever you want. Go nuts. If you have a vision, tell me, and we'll execute it together.'" She laughs. "I really didn't believe him." After some coaxing from her creative partner and stylist Law Roach, she decided to give it a try, telling Hilfiger, "I want to make a show inspired by the women who made it possible for me to be in the position where I am now. Honestly, I just wanted to say “thank you” to them through this show. I said to Tommy, 'If we do a show, this is what it needs to be about.' And Tommy said, 'Great. Go for it.' And he actually meant it. I mean, look." She gestured to the runway cast—59 black models, ages 18 to 70—including some of the women of color Zendaya wants to thank for their influence in fashion, Hollywood, and beyond. Pioneering icons Beverly Johnson, Veronica Webb, and Beverly Peele walked the show, along with Pat Cleveland, who said backstage, "Zendaya talked to me about the Battle of Versailles, about Studio 54 and the '70s and '80s... she really wanted somebody who had been there and lived it on the runway. In a way," she grins, "I think this show is really based on the story of my life." Cleveland also hinted that Zendaya may play her in a movie based on her autobiography. (YES, PLEASE.) Cleveland twirled down the runway to massive applause, but Grace Jones got the most screams (and gasps, and Instagram double-takes) when she closed the show in a metallic blazer and bodysuit.  "We said, 'we want Grace Jones, she represents so much beauty and power and she needs to be here,'" Zendaya explains. "And somehow, Tommy's team made it happen." (Hint: It was with help from casting director Michelle Lee.) "I went to Grace's fitting this morning," said Law Roach, "And she loved the clothes so much that we actually got a little teary. She said 'I love everything,' so we sent her everything. She's the first person besides Zendaya to own the complete collection."  That includes lots of body-skimming disco dresses, a ton of flared jeans (sorry straight-leg fans!), high-waisted wide-leg pants worn with striped knits, and a few subversive twists on beauty ideals, including a series of striped swimsuits that channel the original Barbie... but turn her into a modern superstar. It's exactly that pivot from old-school images of success and beauty (read: thin and white) that made this show work, even (maybe especially?) from a designer like Hilfiger, whose success owes a debt to African American culture.  "Everybody has something different that they’re great at," said Zendaya. "We need to learn from people with experience, even as the world changes. I’m still at the beginning of my career, and to learn from Tommy about having a fashion line, that’s incredibly important to me. He’s like the best teacher for that. But it’s also very cool—and I think more rare than you’d realize—to have someone who’s genuinely interested in my point of view, in other women like me and our points of view, and saying, 'What do you have to bring to the table that I can’t?' That’s been the coolest experience to me—feeling like I can show him the perspective I bring to the table, and also feeling like he actually wants to know."  The world wants to know, too—at least if the 1 million+ views on her Instagram story are a clue. Speaking of clues, here's another one: you can get the entire collection online now, though the Zodiac shirts are already almost sold out!   
  Every situation calls for a different pair of underwear. You'd never wear your workday thong on weekend errands, or your gym hipsters to the office. And while we honestly believe granny panties are sexy, that iconic scene in  Bridget Jones' Diary is all too relatable. Plus, it's about time you reconsider certain pairs that overstayed their welcome, and the ones that are downright suffocating. From anti-VPL thongs to cotton underthings your gyno will thank you for, these are the absolute best underwear for every occasion.  Best Everyday Thongs You can thank Hanky Panky for normalizing thongs back in the early 2000s. Their original high rise styles are super comfortable yet sexy, making them ideal for daily wear.  Best of Basic If you're looking for a no-frills undergarment, look to Everlane. Their lightweight line has you (and your booty) covered.  Best G-String G-strings are known for being unbearable, but I love Cosabella's thongs. They are the ultimate antidote to VPL. The straps stay put, and they don't dig in to your waist.  Best Organic Cotton For the most breathable option, always reach for 100% cotton, and no one does it better than Skin. Their super soft offerings feel barely there.  Best Seamless Underwear This underwear used by legit fashion stylists, so you know it's going to be good. It's the next best thing to going Commando, hence the brand's name. Seriously, you might have a midday anxiety attack, because these trick you into thinking you forgot to wear underwear to work.  Most Comfy Hipsters  Calvin Klein makes the best underwear for lounging in your house pants-less. Bonus points if you wear it with your coziest sweater and fuzzy slippers.  Best Nude Range We support anything Rihanna does, but it doesn't hurt that her lingerie line is amazing. She made sure her range of nude underthings was super inclusive, so your shade is here.  Savage X Fenty Microfiber Cheeky, $16.50; savagex.com  SHOP NOW  Best Workout Pair For working out, you need an underwear that hugs your body, breathes, and never gives you a wedgie. Gap's hipsters do just that.  Best Shapers Shaping underwear can be tricky. You want it to hug you in, but you also need to move. Yummie struck the right balance with this Ultralight pair.  Most Affordable Lingerie  Lingerie can get pricy, especially when you don't tend to wear it more than once (or twice). Our favorite affordable brand is & Other Stories, which makes the cutest underwear that looks way more expensive than it actually is.  The Sexy Splurge  Agent Provocateur has a well-deserved reputation as the sexiest but most expensive lingerie. IMO, their unparalleled undies are worth it. 
 In middle school, my ideal outfit consisted of low-rise jeans, Adidas shell toes, and not one, but two layered camis in contrasting colors. Nowadays I'm dedicated to straight-leg denim, I've swapped my Superstars for Air Maxes, and my camisoles are now made of silk. Not much has changed, and that's because the camisole is a wardrobe staple. Wear it to work with a blazer, fall asleep in a cotton tank, or hit the town trimmed in lace. We narrowed it down to the 13 best camisoles that meet all your needs, here.  The #1 Basic   Commando, hands down, makes the best simple cami. It's easy to layer under sheer tops without adding bulk, but FYI they only come in neutral colors.  The Bulk Buy For those who wear camisoles on the daily, do yourself a favor and buy them in bulk.  Little Black Cami When going out and dressing in doubt, the easiest outfit is a lace cami and black skinny jeans. My favorite comes from a brand that specializes in them, New York-based Cami NYC.  That's So '90s Seventh grade me would have loved this top, and [age redacted] me feels the same exact way.  Secret Support This cami has a bra on the inside, but by the looks of it you'd never guess it. It doesn't look nearly as... sculptural as most built-in camis, making it way chicer.   Wear It To Work Tank tops are not always work-appropriate, but the ones from Aritzia are. Their crepe styles are so good they can be worn alone or with a blazer on top.  The Runway Edition If your style looks strikingly similar to Paris Fashion Week, Saint Laurent has you covered. Kind of. For the fearless, wear it without a bra like they did on the runway.  The Bridal Cami For the non-traditional bride, this camisole is just as dramatic as a ball gown. Alternatively, wear it to your rehearsal dinner with flowing white trousers.  The Wild Card As we mentioned, we love a lace camisole. Double down on the sultry vibe with an animal print and red leather pants.  The Easy Breezy Cami  Tight, stretchy camisoles can feel restrictive and sweaty. Uniqlo solved that issue with a super lightweight fabric that truly breathes so well even athletes wear them.  The Longline  If you prefer more coverage over your derriere, choose a longer camisole like this budget-buy from H&M.  Boudoir Appeal   We're not 100% sure whether this is considered lingerie, but it's so pretty we'd wear it out, too.  The Shapeshifter  Spanx is a celebrity pick for red carpet appearances, so why not wear one on a Tuesday? Their surprisingly comfortable camisoles will flatter without restriction. 
 Your front-row view, no ticket required. The Loewe fall/winter 2019 show is about to begin. Catch all the action, from start to finish, below. 
 Familiar with fashion math? Whether the concept of "fashion math" is new to you or a simple refresher is in order, we're ready to step up to the chalkboard. Both a way to get comfortable with higher price tags and a savvy way to look at out-of-the-box styling, it's the idea of taking how much something costs and dividing it between all the ways you can wear it (a $1,000 item that can be worn or used in four ways actually costs $250 per fashion math tenets).  Vitally, it differs from the "price-per-wear" method of dressing, which focuses on how often you'll wear something (a $1,000 item you'll wear eight times a month actually costs $125). For today's lesson, we selected a trio of pieces from luxury label Fabiana Filippi that are perfect for styling multiple ways.  Easily the closet staple that's been named MVP more than any other, the blazer is supremely versatile. Unless you're attending an event in the dead heat of summer and will be outside the entire time, it's always smart to add a layer to your formal look. Since tailored blazers often read as overly boxy against a feminine dress, try an easy styling trick and belt it at the waist. Its ability to be mixed in amongst nearly everything else in your closet makes it a smart buy. Wear black cigarette pants or swishy navy trousers for a day at the office, and for the weekend, layer it over a t-shirt or open button-down (or both together).  Shop Now Also worn with: (top look) ALC Sienna Dress, $695; Bartleby x Jane D'Arensbourg Skinny Knot Belt, $360; Luiny Crystal Mobile Earrings, $145; Leigh Miller Necklace, $645. (Bottom look) Luiny Earrings, $120; Dion Lee Shirt, $890; Rag & Bone T-Shirt, $95; IRO Paris Pants, $400. A silk wrap dress is endlessly flattering and has the chameleon-like ability to feel right for an office, wedding, or late-night dinner. Bell sleeves and a vivid print provide personality, and accessories allow you an opportunity to make it all your own. Adding your own belt—or two of them, linked together for a layered look—creates a bespoke vibe. The wrap silhouette gives it life beyond the dress section of your closet too. Worn open and unbelted, it becomes a de facto duster. With a boho vibe in mind for spring and summer, we styled it over jeans and a romantic blouse.  The same styling hack works for the cooler months too: Replace jeans with tailored slacks and layer a thin cashmere turtleneck underneath.      Shop Now  Also worn with: (top look) Leigh Miller pebble necklace, $485; Julie Thévenot earrings, $238; Paige Cheyne Ovum Ring, $160; FRAME U Buckle Belt, $225; FRAME Metallic Belt in Gold, $170. (Bottom look) Anine Bing Lace Bra, $89; Marissa Webb Pants, $498; IRO Paris Halo Top, $525; Annika Inez Glassy Drop Earrings, $155; FLRNZ XL Vision, $650; Stuart Weitzman Sandals, $350.   With a roomy cut and an unexpected sheen from the fabric's waxed finish, these pants can either be the star of an outfit or the springboard to a more directional look. Tuck in a blouse to take them to the office: A trendy top with wide cuffs and a zipper pull complement the bold silhouette. A classic button-down or silk tee builds the same outfit with a more subtle effect.  To go off-duty, pair with a flirty cropped blouse that feels more "beach" than "budget meeting." Try a basic tee for a more casual weekend, and, when the weather permits, swap in a crewneck knit.    Shop Now  Also worn with: (top look) Ellery Top, $690; Bar Jewellery Earrings, $595; Annika Inez Earrings, $238; Jane D'Arensbourg Ring, $300; Gray Matters Shoes, $525; (bottom look) Concrete Collective Earrings, $173; Ursa Major Jewelery Pendant, $280
 Watch it all go down right from your computer screen. The Chloe fall/winter 2019 show is about to begin. Catch all the action, from start to finish, below.  
 A surefire way to stand out this season is in daring silhouettes paired with an aura-enhancing glow.    Hair by Panos Papandrianos for Bumble and bumble; makeup by Hung Vanngo for MarcJacobs Beauty; manicure byNaomi Yasuda for OPI; model: Valery Kaufman  This article originally appeared in the March 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Mom jeans are tough. Do they flatter your butt like a Fashionova fit? Absolutely not. But do they make you feel strangely accomplished and put together? Somehow, yes!  The high-waist, straight-leg, loose-crotch silhouette is my jam, and I'm not afraid to admit it. And now Everlane is getting in the game. Dubbed the '90s Jean, Everlane's new silhouette are the are the kind of pants worn by someone who works at a start-up, but also runs a successful side-hustle selling pottery on Etsy; a fashion editor who enthusiastically drinks the Everlane Kool-Aid; an influencer who wears oversized blazers pushed up above their elbows, revealing multiple stick and poke tattoos. They are the French Girl Bangs of denim. Loving the mom jeans isn't ironic, it's a lifestyle.  The jeans come in three different colors: bone white, a light wash denim, and a saturated blue. It's made of a heavyweight fabric that offers no stretch—these are 100% cotton—which is ideal for people who love starchy, thrift store Levi's.  Like all Everlane denim, the '90s Jean is manufactured in an eco-friendly and socially conscious factory, so it's feel go0d fashion at its finest. 
 Blair Waldorf infamously claimed that "tights are not pants." We respectfully disagree. I stop short of attending a wedding in leggings (so far), but I can make it work for almost any occasion. Leggings serve a higher purpose beyond the gym. And as a legging aficionado, I've tried them all. From HIT workouts to going to work, these are the absolute best leggings of 2019.  Great For: High-Intensity Workouts As a sadomasochist that honestly enjoys a burpee-to-box-jump, I can say nothing holds me in better than Nike leggings. Their compression fabrics are unrivaled, making them ideal for HIT training and cardio workouts.  Great For: General Workouts  My go-to pair for any kind activity is Lululemon's cult favorite Align leggings. They aren't as intense as Nike's styles, but I use them for hiking, yoga, and running to the grocery store. Bonus: they make your butt look great.  Lululemon, $98 SHOP NOW Great For: Lounging We'd rather watch Russian Doll naked, but sometimes we have to wear pants. That's what H&M's super cozy pair is ideal for. The waistband is non-restricting, and therefore non-judgmental. Pull these on for the only kind of marathons you participate in: Netflixing.  Great For: Fashion-ing  If you want leggings that stunt, Versace is it. The brand leans in to their '90s aesthetic, and their iconic scarf print is made for lycra. Cop the matching sports bra for athleisure that's heavy on the leisure but also works for a girl's night out.  Great For: Having a Budget Leggings might be the very last thing on your expenses list, but thankfully Amazon has a pair that checks off all your boxes. With 22 colors and 4,800 rave reviews—all for under $10—these are totally worth it.  Great For: Business Meetings Leggings aren't reserved for work outs, unless you consider managing your boss's expectations equal to cardio. Gap makes some of our favorite slacks, and these leggings are as comfortable as workwear can get.  Great For: Sleeping Sleeping in tight clothing can lead to dire bacterial health down there. The solution is finding a breathable fabric. All leggings have spandex (for the stretch!), but the leggings from Uniqlo are 93% cotton, meaning they are airier than most tights. 
 Ever frolic on a beach and think "this look isn't western enough?" We assume that's what Danielle Bernstein of We Wore What thought when she collaborated with swim brand Onia. The collection is a lust-worthy set of ditsy florals, bandana paisley, and, surprisingly, concha belts complete with metal buckles. We haven't stopped thinking about them, or the resurgence of accessorized bikinis ever since. We'll call it: belted swim is the trend of the summer. From retro fits to modern clasps, shop 15 cinched swimsuits ahead.
 In 2017, Kenzo launched its La Collection Memento series to celebrate the history of Kenzo and its archives. Phase one took us back to Kenzo's 1983 campaign (shot by Hans Feurer) using archival floral prints on updated silhouettes; phase two focused on denim and called upon "the quintessential queen of denim," Britney Spears, while the third collection took maximalism to new heights with thick, bold stripes juxtaposed against tropical floral prints and the brand's signature tiger motif. For La Collection Momento No. 4, Kenzo is taking us to the supermarket.   "For this collection we have decided to put the spotlight on some of the house’s most vivid and diverse prints and graphics. We celebrate Kenzo Takada’s fun and whimsical side. His consistent ability to bring a tongue and cheek attitude to the fashion world and most importantly his love for food and entertaining," the brand explained.  In the La Collection Momento No. 4 campaign, models pose against a supersized Kenzo grocery bag and a giant blue shopping tote while holding colorful vegetables. The fourth collection works vibrant graphics of yellow and red tomatoes and airbrushed tiger images onto button-down shirts, shorts, and smock dresses. For the first time ever, Kenzo is also re-issuing its running tiger motif in gold and burgundy that appears on several shirts and shorts in the collection.  To present La Collection Momento, Kenzo took over the Halle des Blancs Manteaux in Paris, where attendees experienced a fashion show unlike any other. The guests' seats twisted and moved in various directions as a group of models performed lively routines created by movement director and choreographer Paul Sadot and choreographer Nqobilé Danseur.  Continuing its see-now-buy-now format, Kenzo's La Collection Momento No. 4 will officially launch on Thursday, February 28, following the Kenzo Paris Fashion Week presentation tonight. The new collection will only be available for four weeks on kenzo.com.
 After a year of experimental moves (the launch of J. Crew Mercantile) and shakeups within the company, J. Crew is looking to start the new year off on a good note, starting with hiring a very familiar face, Chris Benz, to join the "New Crew" as the Head of Women's Design, Business of Fashion first reported.  Effective immediately, Benz, who is joining from Bill Blass where he was creative director since 2015, will not only steer the womenswear design ship, but will also takeover Crewcuts, J. Crew's kid's brand. Johanna Uurasjarvi, chief design officer has left the J.Crew Group after being brought on by Jim Brett last June. As of right now, Benz and the J. Crew team don't have an official leader to report to but according to Business of Fashion, Stefan Larsson, Ralph Lauren chief executive, is reportedly in talks to take the reins.  "The company recognized the need for a fresh perspective from someone who understood the importance of the brand’s heritage and style to give consumers the designs they have come to expect from the iconic company," the brand explained in a press release. "Chris Benz’s colorful, distinct aesthetic complements J.Crew’s own." J. Crew added: "These necessary and significant changes are part of the company’s efforts to revitalize the J.Crew brand among consumers, while also becoming more productive and more profitable in the process." Benz's appointment is a full circle moment. After winning the CFDA Emerging Designer Scholarship Award during his stint at Marc Jacobs (he graduated from Parsons School of Design in 2004), Benz joined J. Crew as the brand's womenswear designer for over a year before presenting his very first namesake ready-to-wear collection in February 2007. 
 Gone are the days of handbags that require a five-finger grip. This fall, it's all about pinching, because Simon Porte's minuscule Jacquemus Le Chiquito somehow got even smaller.  At Paris Fashion Week, Porte presented Jacquemus's autumn/winter collection, titled La Collectionneuse, filled with a relaxed blazers loosely-buttoned, breezy summer dresses in varying lengths, chunky high-neck turtlenecks, and more in a sunny palette of hot pink, green, blue, white, and yellow.  As for accessories, Porte played around with proportions, leaning into the oversize bag trend with a massive pink tote while keeping true to his affair with micro bags. Fashion editors and insiders were given the new itsy bitsy iteration of the Le Chiquito bag as an invitation to the runway show and models pinched the blink-and-you'll-miss-it accessory down the runway.  I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued by Jacquemus's teeny tiny bag trend, but as a commuter who lugs around a backpack filled with five different nude lip glosses, a pocket-sized lotion and sanitizer, a wallet, snacks, and a half-consumed bottled of water, this absurdly tiny bag can't possibly work outside the runway. So what can you actually fit in the bag?    
 With heavy hitters like Versace, Prada, Fendi and Gucci, Milan doesn't play when it comes to fashion. Unless they’re playing The Price Is Right, which is what happened at Moschino’s game-show-slash-runway extravaganza. During Milan Fashion Week supermodels are groomed and future it-bags make their debut.  The week is run by Camera Nazionale della Moda Italiana—a non-profit founded in 1958 that organizes the calendar and seeks to promote and train up-and-coming designers. Sponsoring two runway shows featuring emerging fashion designers from Budapest, Hungary and Xi’an, China, Camera Moda is ushering in a new wave of talent. With this well-balanced plate of indie darlings and high-fashion headliners alike, we narrowed the week down to our favorite looks from Milan Fashion Week, here. 
 The Dior FW 2019 show is set to air on February 26 in Paris, France at 8:30 AM EST. See every look, live below:
 Adidas Originals know what they're doing. Don't mess with the three stripes, and celebrities like Armie Hammer and a post-Oscars Melissa McCarthy will stick with you.  But that doesn't mean they won't innovate. At London Fashion Week, the brand debuted a new collaboration with designer Ji Won Choi. The collection maintains the line's bold colors but chops and screws the immediately recognizable logo and legendary stripes. Choi, who was born in Seoul and raised in the midwest USA, also drew on her Korean heritage in reworking the classic tracksuit shapes.  Thank you everyone involved in this beautiful day and all those that came out and celebrated the new collection with me! It was a dream come true 😭 @adidasOriginals #adidasOriginalsbyJiWonChoi A post shared by  JI WON CHOI (@ji.won.choi) on Feb 19, 2019 at 9:01am PST "The collection is a play on the classic Adidas tracksuit merged with my own aesthetic," Choi told Forbes. "The silhouettes suggest movement, such as the addition of strap pieces to encourage the wearer to interact with the clothing." Choi herself employs bold white outline stripes in her own collections, so the capsule collection is a natural fashion match. Adidas discovered the English designer on Instagram, according to WWD. Alex Weiland, Adidas' director of special projects, said it’s “important for us to give a new platform for young designers. London has such an appetite for emerging design talents." Kendall Jenner's a fan: The whole collection is bomb and I need it immediately. I'm not sure whether to start with this two-layer bodysuit in the Oscars-approved shade of lavender: Or the Kendall-approved track jacket, with a horizontal play on the three-stripe motif, and voluminous puffed sleeves: Plus the pants, in Where's Waldo–approved red: When is summer coming, I asked myself when I saw this bikini: I cannot get enough of this navy jacket with ties, which you can pair with the accompanying shorts: And the pièce de résistance, a jumpsuit in dark pink: BRB, counting my pennies.
 Sia is perky. "Hi sweetie," she says over the phone. She wants to know how my day is going, which is a bit embarrassing because the highlight was that I ate McDonald's. But the Golden Arches aren't beneath the famed singer/songwriter (and now shoe designer, which we'll get to in a minute). She wants to know what my favorite order is.  Talking chicken nuggets with the "Chandelier" singer gets even more cringeworthy when I ask what her day is like. "I worked out," she says cheerily in her Australian-accented patter, "because I think I'm gonna play a personal trainer in Lena Dunham's new TV show." The fries seem to sit even more heavily in my stomach. "It will be very, very silly. I don't even know what it's called. I don't know if I'm allowed to talk about it. I've probably just blown something, but she won't care."  We skip from the perils of dog ownership ("poop for two weeks") to her interest in psychology and a prank she pulled with Khloe Kardashian. But what we're really here to talk about is her shoe collaboration with storied French designer Repetto. ELLE.com talked exclusively with Sia about the inspiration behind her beautiful, colorful collection, available online today. Sia: Yeah—I'm friends with Beck, the musician. He had a girlfriend called Marissa Ribisi,  and she had these green Sophias, the ballet flats. They were so amazing. I wanted them very badly, but I could not afford them. I saved up, and then I got them, and I just found them to be the most comfortable. I felt really special whenever I was wearing them, like I was super-duper fancy. Maddie [Ziegler] is my little honey pie, avatar, surrogate daughter, and she's a dancer. I've come across them more because they really are dancing shoes. And since then I've actually developed an appreciation for how comfortable they are. So it seems like the right collaboration for me, because I have tried to return contemporary dance to the mainstream. I think I wear maybe five different types of shoes, that's it, and they are one of them.  I've been studying meditation with a meditation teacher, George Haas, for about three years, it's actually his saying. A bunch of us from his class, we all got a tattoo that says, "I love you, keep going." You know how life is hard, and it's hard for everybody. Everybody is going through something. Especially now in this day and age of technology, primarily people are lonely, and they're projecting an image of, "I'm a participant in life!" But the truth is those images that we project are usually lies. Everybody's suffering in their own small way. "You know how life is hard, and it's hard for everybody. Everybody is going through something." So I guess that saying meant a lot to me because I was suffering when I started working with George. I started spreading it more, saying, "I love you, keep going," because it meant so much to me. I asked him, "Do you mind if I put it on my Twitter? Do you mind if I'm making it my catchphrase and I'm spreading it around the world? Do you mind if I put it on these shoes?" And he's like, "Not at all!"  We're gonna open a center called the I Love You, Keep Going Center that's going to be about attachment repair. It's based in meditation protocols, but also in attachment theory. I'm into psychology. Yeah, I love you, keep going. Lena and I are going to go—we're studying psychology this year. We're going to classes together.  Early in my career, there was a fan on my forum who had these electric blue shoes that I am sure were Repettos. He came to a show, and happened to be at the same place we were having dinner before the show. He came over and introduced himself, and he lifted up the sole of his shoe and he had written my name on the sole of his shoe. I just remembered thinking it was so sweet. I am a bit sentimental. I just drew them! I drew them on my iPad! The Sophias are my favorite. I wanted to make them more ostentatious, but we gotta keep them affordable, I don't want to out-price anybody, and we found a great compromise. I started with the tuxedo [for the demi-pointe ballet shoes] because that was a dream shoe that I wish had been created, that I wanted to wear everyday—with the little shirt collar and the buttons. I liked that it was just a little bit messy and a little bit off.  The Zizi was a more collaborative experience. I got to choose everything! They sent me all the possible colors in the rainbow. They made eight or nine samples, there were so many I'm totally in love with. But we could only choose four in the end. There's the black and white ones—that was a commercial choice, but also they are the ones I wear the most. I've been wearing them out to parties recently because I have a pair. It was really funny, actually, I went to the Kardashians' Christmas Eve party, and I wore flats and a little black dress that I designed as well. I was dressed New York in Calabasas, I fucked up. When I first got there, everybody thought I was a waitress. Everyone was being super nice to me, but because I was dressed all in black and in black shoes—and everybody there was in black heels and sequins and dressed to the nines...I started pretending I was Khloe Kardashian's assistant, and it became a gag that we did all night long. We could find out whether people were jerks or not. She would try to introduce me, and I was acting like her assistant by fluffing up her dress or fixing her hair. Some of them would completely ignore me. Others would be like, "Nice to meet you, Sia," and then completely ignore me. And others would be like, "Hi, nice to meet you, Sia," and were just really nice. And then others would be like, "Nice to meet you, Sia. Wait, are you...?" And then we'd go, "Yeah, ha ha!" It was so fun and so silly and we had the best night. But then—here's where things got really exciting. Someone said, "Oh my gosh, I'm your fan. Can I take a picture with you?" And I said, "Of course!" We took a picture, and then he said, "Who designed your dress?" And I was like, "I did." And he said, "Really?" And I said, "I designed these shoes too, for a collaboration with Repetto." And he said, "That's so cool. Do you want your own fashion line?" I said, "Oh no, I heard that it's a terrible thing for a pop star or an actor to do, to open a restaurant or to start a fashion line. It's usually gonna fail. That's like one of the top five things that most business managers say don't do." And a woman standing next to him said, "Not if he's involved." And he goes, "Shut up. Don't blow my cover." And I was like, "Oh, why, what...?" And she was like, "He's the head of Yeezy and Louis Vuitton." And I was like, "Oh!"   #NYFW 👯 ❤️ #RepettobySia  #Repost @repettostudio ・・・ #NYFW has arrived! Put your best foot forward with a pair of limited edition @repettoparis by Sia black Demi-Pointe Slippers. Available today starting at 11am ET at the Repetto New York Store, 400 West Broadway 🎀 - Team Sia #nyfw #fashionweek #limitededition #repettobysia #repettoparis #repettostudio #repost @siamusic A post shared by  SIA (@siamusic) on Feb 9, 2019 at 9:00am PST Oh yeah. The wig is sticking with me. I thought I was going to a bigger party where we would be watching J.Lo's movie, and I had no idea it was just going to be us. I took my best friend Dallas. It was my birthday and I was not going to tell in case they thought I was a creep because I wanted to spend my birthday with them, 'cause I'm such an uber reality TV fan. I also think they're so fun and great. I've met, briefly, some of them in passing at different dinner parties. At the fertility clinic, once. But I'd never hung with them. Anyway, I thought it was going to be much bigger. And I got there, and then I realized it was kind of a promotional thing, because they were all Instagramming it. I didn't brush my hair or put any makeup on. J.Lo was making a story, and she went, "Come here!" I was eating cake, and I was like, "Uh, I guess I'm not gonna say no." If my face gets shown once in a blue moon, hopefully people won't recognize me.   I do have opinions, but I had a mouthful of birthday cake!  #Repost @jlo ・・・ About last night!!! Happy Birthday @siamusic This amazing artist and songwriter wrote the anthem #limitless for my new movie Second Act which is out this Friday the 21st!!! Aaaanddd.... the Video for Limitless which I directed will be debuted tomorrow with a live YouTube chat with me!! Tune in!!! We are Limitless!! #HappyBirthdaySia 💕💕💕💕🎂 A post shared by  SIA (@siamusic) on Dec 19, 2018 at 10:54am PST When I'm wearing the wig, I'm sending the message to people that I prefer not to be approached. I prefer to live a private life. I think that message has been well received—people don't approach me that much anyway.  I just directed my first feature film, and I have to find a creative way to be Sia the director. This is gonna sound like a big wank, talking about myself in the third person. But Sia the brand, the pop star brand, is the wig. Then there's me, the human being, that's little-s Sia who's just exactly like everybody else—who, when their dog gets an anal sacculectomy, slips in poop for two weeks. And then there's gonna be Sia the director. How am I gonna promote a movie? Maddie, my little queen, was over. We were watching RuPaul's Drag Race. She loves drag makeup and she's about to have a makeup line come out. So I was like, "I wish I could have Valentina's eyes." And she was like, "We could do that. We could probably glue down your eyebrows." And I was like, "Can we practice and see if we could make it look normal but crazy enough that I don't look so much like myself that I wouldn't get recognized?" So we're gonna see what we can do about that.   REPETTO BY SIA. OUT NOW! LINK IN BIO. 👯 - Team Sia ... 📸: @TheTonyaBrewer ... #siamusic #repettoparis #repettobysia @repettoparis @siamusic @repettostudio A post shared by  SIA (@siamusic) on Feb 25, 2019 at 7:15am PST All I can really say right now is that it's a movie about a sober drug dealer played by Kate Hudson. She shaved her head for that role, that's why you saw her with a shaved head for a couple of months. She plays a sober drug dealer who becomes responsible for her severely autistic teenage sister. And the musical takes place inside the mind of this sister, who is played by Maddie. They all sing. Leslie Odom Jr. plays Kate's love interest. Kate sings, Maddie sings, Leslie Odom Jr. sings. I'm very proud of it. I was very scared that it wasn't going to be exceptional, and I had a lot of shame. What if I can't make it exceptional? And now I'm realizing it's starting to become the movie that I set out to make, so I'm really proud of it.   The Repetto by Sia collection is available now.
 With the weather taking an ominous turn and the planet in serious peril, we know fossil fuels, factory farming, and single-use plastics are major problems, but what if what we’re wearing is also to blame? With throwaway plastic components, landfill-ready packaging and unethically sourced materials the norm, should we only wear vintage? How do we persuade more retailers to produce environmentally aware clothing?  That’s where Maison-de-Mode.com comes in. Created by Amanda Hearst and Hassan Pierre, it’s a one-stop shop for sustainable style, featuring carefully sourced, beautifully repurposed fabrics and jewelry made from ethically mined materials. On Saturday night in Los Angeles, Maison-de-Mode held their second annual gala, “to celebrate the people in the fashion industry and in Hollywood that are out there talking about sustainable fashion and making a difference,” Hearst told ELLE.com. And the big honorees of the night? Jane Goodall, who has tirelessly championed the environment since the 1960s, and Caroline Scheufele, Artistic Director & Co-President at Chopard. “I'm absolutely delighted that finally the heads of the fashion industry are beginning to understand the harm that's been inflicted in the past on the environment,” Goodall said via video clip from Dar es Salaam. “Consumers are more conscious, and they’re beginning to demand the products that they buy—whether it be in the fashion industry, or the cheap clothing stores—all are sourced in a sustainable way.” Goodall pointed out the shirt she was wearing was many years old and joked, “If the clothing industry depended on me they would have collapsed long ago.” Over at Chopard, Scheufele has made it her mission to ensure all their gold is ethically mined—a move actually inspired by a 2012 meeting with Livia Firth. “We had coffee because her husband [Colin Firth] was wearing a timepiece from our collection,” Scheufele said. “He got the Oscar for The King's Speech, and she said, ‘Where did the gold come from?' And I said, ‘From the banks?’ But even before I’d finished my answer, I’d thought, ‘Oh my God, I don't know.’ And that was the start of everything. Now I know where the gold is coming from.” And she’s hard at work doing the same for every single gem in the company too. The event was truly a smorgasbord of beautiful sustainable style. Hearst wore a Maggie Marilyn dress made from 100 percent ethically sourced silk, and carried an adorable mini bag made by her cousin Gabriela Hearst. “She doesn't overproduce,” she explained. “She does limited runs, so she has virtually no waste from her company, and her packaging is all biodegradable and compostable.” Lydia Hearst wore a beautiful Amur dress, found on Maison-de-Mode.com. “It's an incredible company,” she said. “I love that the fashion industry is becoming so much more fashion-forward and aware that there is the option of sustainable fashion, and that you can make gorgeous, glamorous gowns and it doesn't have to be a vintage, kind of hippy style. You're seeing it now on television shows and on the red carpet.” Every guest was decked out in environmentally aware looks, including Mena Suvari, Petra Nemcova, and Karolina Kurkova.  “I love sustainable fashion,” Kurkova said. “I love what Maison-de-Mode.com is doing. "It takes all of us to be aware and be educated about it.” For Suvari, wearing a vegan leather gown by Enda, choosing sustainable style fits in perfectly with being vegan.“I wanted to be cruelty-free,” she said, “so I transitioned. I changed over my whole wardrobe. And then it became a passion of mine to find things that I felt looked just as good, but that I could also feel really good in knowing they were completely cruelty-free.” At the gala, no sustainable stone was left unturned. The carpet, made by Econyl—a company that makes fibers from waste such as fishing nets, plastic, and used carpeting—was created from a style by Sasha Bikoff, whose sustainable interior design skills were evident in everything, from the table settings by Lenox to the flowers from Repeat Roses, which would be repurposed following the event and given to non-profit organizations. 
 If we could choose just one type of bag to wear this fall, it would be...ALL OF THEM. Milan Fashion Week served up a wealth of bags, from supersized carryalls to geometric totes so good Celine Dion would weep. Ahead, the best bags we'll be crying over this fall, here. Milan Fashion Week is organized by Camera Nazionale della Moda Italiana.
 This fall, get ready to step into high-shine leather boots, thick, chunky soles and...puffer boots? Click through to see the best shoes to hit the runway at Milan Fashion Week.  Milan Fashion Week is organized by Camera Nazionale della Moda Italiana.
 The fashion pack heads to stop three on the fall show season circuit: Milan. Mild weather makes for perfect fall outfit inspo.
 The 2019 Oscars ceremony marks the end of the awards season and one last time to look at your favorite actors and actresses wearing the most stunning looks on the red carpet. Ahead, the eight actresses who made my list for best dressed of the evening.  The Crazy Rich Asians star has been killing it this awards season, trying new silhouettes and pushing boundaries at every turn. She caps off her run in Maison Valentino, solidifying her position as a red carpet style star.  On Instagram Regina King's stylists said they "had to do white" and looking at this dress it's easy to see why. This Oscar de la Renta moment is gorgeous, train and all.  The red carpet newbie and If Beale Street Could Talk actress proves her ability to carry any kind look with ease. Wearing the color of the night Layne looks like a statuesque queen.  Brandon Maxwell knows what women want and that is pockets. Paulson looks regal and comfy.  Emma Stone's dress may be the stuff of meme dreams, but it's also one of the best Vuitton looks the star has worn this entire red carpet season. The brown and gold pairing is treat for the eyes.  After taking home Album of the Year at the 2019 Grammy Awards (in Valentino!) Musgraves wears another beautiful statement gown for the Oscars.  Some would say this is too much for someone who is simply presenting, but I say go big or go home.  There's something that's quite beautiful about the simplicity of Brie Larson's dress. I love the high slit and silver hue.  Black and gold may seem like a trite color combination, but this Chanel number on Thompson works. The Creed II star looks elegant and  even a bit edgy in the shapely gown from Karl Lagerfeld's last couture collection.  Janney's look combines two of my favorite elements, a blazer plus a deep-V neckline. Topped with Chopard jewelry and a Roger Vivier clutch, the Mom star made a splash in an unexpected way.  The Hate U Give star gives us modern day flapper and it's simply amazing. Beyond her Forevermark Diamonds jewels, her braided up-do is just the icing on the cake. 
 Hollywood's biggest names dressed up in their finest threads to celebrate the best movies and television shows at the 91st Annual Academy Awards, but everyone knows the real celebration happens at the exclusive afterparties. From toasting the night's winners at Vanity Fair's annual Oscars Party to Elton John's buzzy soiree, see what the stars wore to the Academy Award afterparties.  In Forevermark Diamonds and Roger Vivier's Es’Sensuel Sin sandals. In Chopard jewelry.  In Tom Ford.  In Forevermark Diamonds.  In Chopard jewelry.  In Rami Kadi. In Rosie Assoulin. In Hearts on Fire jewelry.  In Chanel Haute Couture.  In Anita Ko jewelry. 
 Forget the red carpet. Celebrities entering tonight's Oscars ceremony turned it into a pink carpet. From bold bright fuchsia to paler shades of blush and almost-nude, the color reigned supreme over the evening's fashion choices. Tidying guru Marie Kondo sparked joy in her flower-studded Jenny Packham dress:   Meagan Good selected a Grecian-goddess-meets-Winter-Olympics look: Couple Jason Momoa and Lisa Bonet came in matching Karl Lagerfeld creations: Angela Bassett's one-shouldered Reem Acra gown brought the drama: And Kiki Layne's pastel pink column popped, with a giant ruffle and cutout in the back: Was there a pop culture inspiration behind the pink carpet? Twitter seemed to think Killing Eve's contract killer villain Villanelle might have been on the mood board for some of the Oscars looks: it looks like the dress code for tonight's oscars is villanelle pic.twitter.com/WedYzm7B6r Villanelle’s presence is strong here, and in LC’s look, but there’s so much more to say in both cases. Gemma Chan has quickly become such a fashion icon, and this gown is a show stopper. #Oscars pic.twitter.com/dKIgUvM7Ej Who knew the biggest influence on the red carpet this year would be Villanelle? Seriously though, loving this look. https://t.co/orKQ22nOBA Villanelle is QUAKING. Kacey Musgraves continues to amaze #oscars pic.twitter.com/uvC7kr8mgK And it's true—Villanelle's frothy Molly Goddard dress did seem to have some doppelgangers.  Just look at Maya Rudolph in this caped floral number: And Helen Mirren in this twirly-swirly tulle confection from Schiaparelli:   Gemma Chan made us swoon in this bright pink Valentino gown with horizontal ruched sections and a high ruffle neck: Kacey Musgraves, recent Grammy winner and slated to present a musical performance at the Oscars ceremony, was a sherbet dream in Giambattista Valli: Sarah Paulson was more than pretty in pink in a voluminous Brandon Maxwell gown with cutouts and pockets: And Green Book's Linda Cardellini went two-tone in a dark fuschia set off with a baby pink bow:   
 The Oscars, the grand finale of 2019's award season, has begun. And celebs have brought some of their most show-stopping fashion to the Academy Awards' red carpet. Glitzy dresses! Sharp suits! Here, what everyone, from Lady Gaga to Emma Stone, are wearing on one of Hollywood's biggest nights. In Bulgari jewels.  In Alexander McQueen and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.  In Forevermark Diamonds.  In a Michael Costello gown and Chopard jewelry.  In Dior Haute Couture. In Brock Collection.  In Givenchy.  In Tom Ford.  In Brandon Maxwell.  In Christian Siriano.  In Louis Vuitton.  In Chanel.  In Rodarte.  In Karl Lagerfeld.  In Zuhair Murad. In Celine.  In a Dior Haute Couture gown and Bulgari jewelry.  In a Pamella Roland gown and Chopard jewelry.  In Versace. In Carolina Herrera. In Schiaparelli. In Alberta Ferretti. In Giambattista Valli.  In Elie Saab.  In Reem Acra.  In Giambattista Valli. In Valentino and Bulgari jewels. 
  Hair by Hung Vanngo for Marc Jacobs Beauty; makeup by Kristi Matamoros for Kevyn Aucoin; manicure by Dawn Sterling at StatementArtists; models: Callie Dixon and Aube Jolicoeur at Next Management; prop styling by Alec Charlip at De Facto Inc.  This article originally appeared in the March 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 The former Chanel model on working with the beloved designer.  Just days after the news of Karl Lagerfeld's passing Veronica Webb, model, actress, and the first African-American woman to land a major cosmetics contract, reflects on meeting the legendary designer at the beginning of her career. Here she tells ELLE.com about traveling around the world with Lagerfeld and the generosity and creative brilliance that set him apart in the industry.  When I got to Karl Lagerfeld's house it was like nothing I had ever seen before. Karl came out and he had his famous  white aristocratic hair. He looked like something out of a movie about European nobility in the 1700s. Just seeing him come down the stairs, with these people waiting on him, and a Rolls Royce idling outside the gates of the mansion, I was so intimidated. I didn't know what to expect. I had never seen a real-life person like this. André Leon Talley had brought me to his house for a shoot for Vanity Fair. Andre and him had a wonderful relationship which was so special as André was one of the first black editors at American Vogue.  For the shoot I was dressed in Chanel couture, which is something that I had never had my hands on before. Karl immediately made me feel at home. He asked me questions about where I was from and it almost felt like we kind of always had known each other. That’s what I always loved about him.  He had this ability to recognize the creativity in everyone. He had this ability to recognize the creativity in everyone. If you had any kind of creativity Karl would recognize it, tap into it, respect it, and incorporate it into what he was doing.  I never really went on a Chanel casting because I was introduced by André but I met Karl again at a fitting. It was a Saturday morning and Iman was there which was mind-blowing for me. All these people came out in lab coats—all the sewers and tailors working the fittings. Banquet tables were filled with accessories like purses, pearls, earrings, bracelets, buttons, and hats. Karl was making hats and making sketches. I still have those sketches as a tribute to Karl on my wall at home.  That's what I loved about Karl. He was just incredibly generous. But still, no one could cut you down like Karl could. If you fell out of favor with him, you knew it. To know him and to be in his court was things that fairytales are made of. We would cruise all around Europe and we would do Chanel shows in Monte Carlo and in the South of France or the south of Italy. We'd stay in castles in Paris and then fly to Palm Beach and do these very small, private, exclusive shows. I got to see what it was like to live with someone who lived a creative and rich life that was filled with many beautiful things. At this point he had created at Fendi, Chanel, and Chloé and it was all just pure magic.  His energy was like being around an Olympic athlete of fashion. His energy was like being around an Olympic athlete of fashion. Being with him was like being part of a fashion decathlon.  His energy extended to everyone. He just saw the world. Karl was always inclusive in front of his shows and even behind the scenes. When I got to Paris in '85 Karl's right hand was a guy named Eric Wright who was a black American designer. It’s just so rare to see that in design houses. There were also so many black and brown models that Karl fought for before me and many girls that Karl fought for after. The last time I bumped into Karl was in the lobby of the Mercer Hotel. Karl saw me and was so excited and I was so excited to see him. He immediately asked about my life, my kids, what I was doing now, and even about my diet. He wanted to know everything. When I told him I started a fashion blog he said: "This is wonderful, you should come and sit front row at Chanel because that's what fashion bloggers do."  He was always just so generous. He was always, always, always there to support the creativity of people he loved.  This has been edited for length and clarity. 
 Milan Fashion Week is officially underway and the must-have accessories of the season are already making themselves known: Oversized retro-shaped sunglasses, trapper hats, all the gold jewelry—and even a spiked collar or two. Click through to see all of the accessories you'll want to start saving up for now. 
 Karl Lagerfeld died earlier this week at 85 and the fashion industry will never be the same. As the creative director of Fendi, Chanel, and his namesake label, this monumental loss will be felt across multiple brands, but especially Chanel and Fendi, the latter where he worked for 54 years. “The bond between Karl Lagerfeld and Fendi is fashion’s longest love story, one that will continue to touch our lives for years to come” said creative partner Silvia Venturini Fendi in a press release.   Thank you Karl for the most beautiful journeyWith all our loveYour Fendi family pic.twitter.com/RCRcdg9bRM  Lagerfeld's final collection was decidedly feminine.  Shoulders were defined, waists were nipped, and hemlines softly grazed the calf. A palette of neutrals contrasted against saffron yellow and turquoise. In true texture play, sheer chiffon swished against structured leather coats. The brand also reintroduced an archived monogram print from 1981, named 'Karligraphy,’ created from Lagerfeld's own script.  In the most emotional part of the show, Gigi Hadid closed to a standing ovation. As a tribute video of Karl Lagerfeld describing what he wore on his first day on the job at Fendi played, there wasn't a single eye in the house left dry.   A heartfelt tribute to Karl Lagerfeld, Fendi's Woman’s Ready to wear and Couture designer for over five decades. Karl, you will be dearly missed. A post shared by  Fendi (@fendi) on Feb 21, 2019 at 4:14am PST 
 Puffer gowns are a thing I've never thought about, but now I can't get them off my mind thanks to Milan Fashion Week and Moncler. The brand reimagined the down coat with the help of a few friends like Valentino,  Alyx, and Simone Rocha. Sown at their newly christened Genius Building it made for a mash up of very different aesthetics thinking outside the down-feathered box.   Read on for a rapid-fire breakdown of what came from every member of the club. Just make sure to scroll to the end, because...dogs.    British Darling Richard Quinn is one of two new designers added to Moncler's "Genius" series this season. He's bringing swinging London vibes to the slopes with sleek ski gear in the best prints.     Adut, Sabah, Fatou, Ugbad, Eftagine, Assa, Ajak, Grace, Ayak, Akiima, Aube. “Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.”Barack Obama Moncler Genius with @liyakebede  #1 A post shared by  Pierpaolo Piccioli (@pppiccioli) on Feb 20, 2019 at 10:31am PST  Still dreaming ❤️🙏🏾 @pppiccioli @moncler inspired by @lemlemofficial Ethiopian artisans #MonclerGenius A post shared by  liyakebede (@liyakebede) on Feb 21, 2019 at 1:59am PST  I couldn’t help but take her out for a stroll 🧡🧡🧡 @pppiccioli @moncler @lemlemofficial #monclergenius #mfw #duomo A post shared by  liyakebede (@liyakebede) on Feb 21, 2019 at 8:42am PST Piccioli, Creative Director of Valentino,  worked with Moncler and model Liya Kebede for jaw-dropping puffer gowns that are probably all over your Insta feed right now. They tapped eight Ethiopian artists who work for Kebede's ethical fashion label, Lemlem, to create these creations for the ice queen in us all.   Valextra + Moncler1952 . #Moncler1952 #MonclerGenius @veronicaleoni A post shared by  Valextra (@valextra) on Feb 21, 2019 at 9:22am PST This one goes out to anyone who thinks puffers can't be chic. Courtesy of Veronica Leoni, a Phoebe Philo pupil, Moncler DNA meets wool coats and luxury leather goods.   @moncler 1952 GENIUS 2 #ss2019 A post shared by  Sergio Zambon (@sergiozambon) on Jan 28, 2019 at 11:53pm PST Logomania and the ease of Los Angeles rea immediately felt from this menswear line by Sergio Zambon. The ultimate SoCal bro, Bella Hadid, is already a fan.  Simone Rocha Moncler AW19 Look 17 #simonerocha A post shared by  SIMONE ROCHA (@simonerocha_) on Feb 21, 2019 at 12:08am PST Some puffers need a little more dark romance—not that they had any to begin with—and that's what Simone Rocha brings to the Moncler table. The drama is seen through cascading layers of nylon, dramatic bell shapes, and baby pink bows.   CRAIG GREEN x MONCLER FW19 - @moncler  Photography @amygwatkin  Styling @robbiespencer  Casting @samuel_ellis  @helenpriceuk @angelos_tsourapas @villaeugenie @isabelandhelen @_andrea.giannino @ludored @elena_visentin_ @frederic_sanchez @samuel_j_wilson @karlaotto #craiggreen #moncler A post shared by  CRAIG GREEN (@craig__green) on Feb 21, 2019 at 2:31am PST One word: transformers.   MONCLER 6 1017 ALYX 9SM | Collection 001 Photography by Brett Lloyd | @brett_lloyd Creative Direction Matthew Williams | @matthewmwilliams  Hair by Gary Gill | @garygillhair Makeup by Inge Grognard | @ingegrognard Special thanks to @remoruffini, @lucabenini07 and the @alyxstudio team. A post shared by  1017 ALYX 9SM (@alyxstudio) on Feb 21, 2019 at 6:49am PST Matthew Williams of Alyx went the streetwear route with his premiere collection. His vibe is what you think a cool puffer should be, but better.  Wow, suddenly, I really need a Pokemon puffer. Made by designer Hiroshi Fujiwara of Fragment, his collab is the kind of kids on New York's Lower East Side neighborhood will line up for.   I worked with Willi Dorner on a set of images Now exhibiting at @palmangels x @moncler gallery. A post shared by  Francesco Ragazzi (@palmangels) on Feb 21, 2019 at 9:34am PST Just try to find a metallic magenta puffer jacket with matching pants. You can't, at least until Palm Angels's collab with Moncler drops.  POLDO x MONCLER GENIUS I’m so proud to present the new collection in collaboration with @Moncler We created two cartoon set-up to show our funny and ironic world. - #poldodogcouture #moncler #monclerpoldodogcouture #poldodogcouturexmoncler #monclergenius A post shared by  POLDO DOG COUTURE (@poldodogcouture) on Feb 21, 2019 at 5:22am PST Omg puppies.
 On the heels of Gucci’s recent controversy over a balaclava sweater, one could say that hiding its models behind a mask may not have been the wisest idea for the brand. But these decisions are made months and months in advance (controversy or not) and in the notes for the brand's fall 2019 show the company explains, "the mask, in fact, lets us show ourselves as we please and play our acting role as we think is best." A mask can hide indiscretions, allow people to present as they see fit, or even distract. "It’s the possibility to choose how to exercise our freedom to show ourselves through a powerful filter that constantly selects what we want to share about us and what we want to conceal instead," the notes continued.  Some were creepy, reminiscent of Friday the 13th. Others ventured into kink shop territory, heavily decorated in metal spikes. One in particular played well with a flapper dress we could easily picture on Dakota Johnson.  Beyond masks, the collection was reliably Gucci, complete with Alessandro Michele's signature eccentricity. Case in point: Gucci-fied knee pads and shin guards.  Forget multiple ear piercings, it's all about the full gilded ear.  Still, some of the runway looks were more subdued. Suits were tucked, tailored, and cut in muted neutrals, highlighting Michele's amazing attention to detail. True to his more is more philosophy, the looks were a plenty (close to 90 in total), but this collection is also a study in what happens with Michele becomes more tame in his design.   
 A quick trip from downtown Los Angeles, the laid-back surfers' paradise of Playa Del Rey is an optimal testing ground for mixing graphic swimwear with retro-cool American classics.   Hair by Teddy Charles at the Wall Group; makeup by Valery Gherman for Smashbox Cosmetics; casting by Adam Browne at Six Wolves and Richard Blandino; models: Abby Champion at Next Management, Jordan Haddad at Ford Models, Drake Jazz at DT Models, and Matthew Meinhardt at Frank Models; prop styling by Julien Borno at Owl & the Elephant; produced by Anastasia Blades for 360PM. This article originally appeared in the March 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Karl Lagerfeld, the prodigious designer behind Chanel and Fendi, opens up about whose body he'd like to have, his greatest indulgence, what he really thinks about fashion, and much more.  Difficult to give just one name. Miuccia, Nicolas, Stefano, Riccardo, Alber, Tom…but not one.  The little black dress, but the white shirt would be better for me.  I prefer not to come back.  Black and white…my favorite color couple.  A hamburger. I was born in Hamburg.  I am just vain.  If you are shy about something, the others take advantage of that, so I am shy about nothing, but discreet…as far as I am concerned.  I’d prefer to be a girl with Gisele’s body, but mine was okay for this ride.  Not a very modern question. I love surprises, but I know whom I don’t want to see at my fantasy dinner table. The Mathys bar in Paris and the hall of the Mercer in New York, but I just drink Coca-Cola Zero.  That’s a very personal question. HOM’s black lace underwear for men.  Private jets, I am afraid.  I read three books at the same time. The one in English at the moment is Lincoln Kirstein’s biography.  No. The last one died and that is too sad.  Two pieces of toasted corn bread with Coca-Cola Zero. Not very refined, but I love it.  An illustrator, a cartoon artist, and a portrait painter.  It’s too easy to forgive. I love revenge. Forgiving is not my favorite thing. I can forget by indifference, but not forgive.  Many: hats and shoes on beds, never pass under a ladder, etc.  Spending too much. Colette in Paris, Maxfield in L.A., and all the bookshops around the world.  I am not a thief.  I stopped keeping a diary. People love to read your diary. I would never do that.  Fromage de chèvre.  Healthy drugs.  From today: Marc Newson and Zaha Hadid. From the past: Pierre Legrain, Eileen Gray. In the eighteenth century: Riesener, Tilliard.  The new Bugatti.  I am never happy. Happiness scares me; then I am afraid to be less happy. Happiness is a very dangerous state of mind.  One can never really know, and I am not a name-dropper. Enemy? Who cares.  A bird by Brancusi.  For the moment, the Var in the south of France. It was Biarritz before, but also Monte Carlo and Saint-Tropez in the past and different lives. I hate the word vacation—it sounds like something empty.  I try not to be sentimental and obsessive about possessions. I love collecting, but I hate owning.  Kriemhild.  Rufus Wainwright’s last CD, for the moment.  I would be a photographer or a publisher, which, in fact, I am too.  There are a few. Trends fade away anyway, so let’s be patient.  No regrets and no remorse.  White shirts.  The ’80s as seen from now with the eyes of somebody who remembers.  Me.  Somebody else. This interview originally appeared in the September 2007 issue of ELLE.
 Google's hotly-searched color combo is officially cool. Do black and brown match? Ask the Google search bar. It's been asked (typed?) the question so many millions of times, even its "related" searches are basically the same.  Of course, you should wear what you want. But black and brown as a runway-approved trend, instead of an enigmatic choice or a UPS uniform, happened every day of London Fashion Week. The  combo came in all forms, from casual knitwear to Swarovski-studded finery. Trend empress Alexa Chung used oaky brown and black watch tweed, with see-now-buy-now Sunglass Hut shades to match.  Christopher Kane did it with inky lace and russet crystal mesh. Emilia Wickstead sculpted black leather and chocolate colored wool into sharp, luxurious suiting. Richard Quinn cut through his riotous color schemes with a whiskey-and-black swirled paisley, so weird it was perfect. And Pringle of Scotland made a fuzzy bid for "I'm-not-trendy-I'm-cozy!" in a coffee knit cashmere with a black wool stripe, plus brown pants and black kicks. (They got London artist Hayett McCarthy to wear it, just to drive home the Cool Girl™ message.) Speaking of Cool Girls, they've long known brown and black were besties. (Miuccia Prada and Marni mash them up all the time.) But seen in London's more-chill context, the color story carried with it a clear verdict—for Google, but also for trend hunters and street style acolytes—that brown and black aren't just okay, they're so trendy, they'll probably get their own Pinterest boards in 3...2... oh wait, look.
 The search to finding a well-fitting bra can be a sport in itself, and often times, ends with many women resigning themselves to a lifetime of discomfort by purchasing the wrong size or fit. But now ThirdLove, the female-led online bra retailer known for providing a wide range of bra sizes and options, is expanding its offering to give customers 78 (!) different bra sizes to choose from. ThirdLove's mission is simple: "To help all women feel valued and supported by the brands they love." That's why the brand tested its new sizing on a variety of women who differ in size and age to ensure the product is comfortable and supportive for every bra size across the spectrum. To mark the occasion, ThirdLove released a brand new campaign featuring 78 women sharing what their ThirdLove bra means to them.  Instead of just sizing up and adding a larger cup or longer straps, ThirdLove makes it a point to think of every detail in the development process, including adding stronger fabric, wider straps and sturdy hooks for larger bra sizes. "In today's lingerie industry, too many brands continue to fit on one size and one model, attempting to scale up or down to create new sizes without extensive fit testing and treating inclusivity like a privilege rather than a right," the brand explained. "As a brand that designs each of its bra sizes with the individual needs and bodies of its consumers in mind, ThirdLove is here to change that."   Shop ThirdLove's new bra offerings below.  

 "Suicide is not fashion."  There's a growing pool of luxury brands that have come under fire for major missteps, including back-to-back blackface controversies from Prada and Gucci. You can now add Burberry to the list. Riccardo Tisci debuted his Burberry autumn/winter 2019 collection at London Fashion Week, and it featured a hoodie with strings that resembled a noose around the neck.  Liz Kennedy, the model who wore the design down the runway, turned to Instagram to express her frustrations and recalled how disturbed she was during the fittings, as suicide hits close to home for her.  "Suicide is not fashion. It is not glamorous nor edgy and since this show is dedicated to the youth expressing their voice, here I go. Riccardo Tisci and everyone at Burberry it is beyond me how you could let a look resembling a noose hanging from a neck out on the runway," she wrote. Kennedy claimed that the Burberry team "briefly hung one from the ceiling (trying to figure out the knot) and were laughing about it in the dressing room. I had asked to speak to someone about it but the only thing I was told to do was to write a letter." Following the wave of backlash after the Burberry runway show, the brand released a statement apologizing for debuting the hoodie and has removed the design from the new collection.  "We are deeply sorry for the distress caused by one of the products that featured in our A/W 2019 runway collection," Marco Gobbetti, Burberry chief executive officer, said per Fortune.  "I called Ms. Kennedy to apologize as soon as I became aware of this on Monday and we immediately removed the product and all images that featured it. Though the design was inspired by the marine theme that ran throughout the collection, it was insensitive and we made a mistake."  Burberry's latest fashion faux pas comes on the heels of Gucci's recent blackface controversy. Earlier this month, Gucci debuted a $890 balaclava sweater that evoked blackface images. Gucci removed the sweater and reached out to Dapper Dan, who worked with the brand on his own capsule collection last year, to come to an understanding. The result? A plan to launch "four initiatives in a long-term plan of actions designed to further embed cultural diversity and awareness in the company," the brand announced on Twitter.  1/3 Gucci’s first four initiatives in a long-term plan of actions designed to further embed cultural diversity and awareness in the company. pic.twitter.com/xMIMn9PNDR
 Snakeskin boots, clogs, ugly sneaks, and flats that are literally "100%,", these are just a few of the shoes you're going to want from London Fashion Week. Click through for more. 
 It may seem like barrettes are going to be passing fad of the street style set, but according to London Fashion Week they'll be here for the rest of the year. As will statement earrings in the shape of butterflies, mega chain necklaces, and cowhide berets. Read on for more the best accessories from London's top designers. 
 The designers at London Fashion Week never shy away from the drama, and we are here for it. Take, for example, Molly Goddard who presented hot pink ballgowns made from over 300 feet of tulle. Or Halpern's technicolor runway that had so many amazing hues it made us dizzy. Christopher Kane gave us '80s prom dresses that make us want to go back to high school and J.W. Anderson proves he's the master of shape-shifting—and that's just the beginning. Click through for more of our favorite London looks, ahead.  
 Hollywood's iconic stahl house provides a dramatic backdrop to charming botanical and painterly prints.  Hair by Luke Chamberlain for Oribe Hair Care; makeup by Lisa Storey at the Wall Group; manicure by Ashlie Johnson for Chanel; model: Amanda Murphy at IMG; set design by Danielle Von Braun at Art Department; produced by Michelle Hynek at Crawford & Co. Productions.   This article originally appeared in the March 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Through out his more than 35 years at the helm of Chanel, creative director Karl Lagerfeld put together some of the the most legendary fashion shows the industry has ever seen. He staged protests in support of women's rights, brought the fashion set to Cuba, recreated ocean-front views complete with lifeguards and sandy beaches, and most recently staged a show in New York City at The Met's Temple of Dendur. Click through for some of ELLE's favorite moments from the prolific designer. 
 Turns out Shawn Mendes is just the first of Calvin Klein's new campaign stars to share a glimpse of his new celeb-thirst-inducing ads for the brand. Today, Calvin Klein released the rest of the shots for its Calvin Klein Underwear and Calvin Klein Jeans spring campaigns, and if you liked shirtless Shawn Mendes, you'll love a chiseled Noah Centineo's take on the iconic boxer ad. Centineo, Kendall Jenner, and A$AP Rocky are the other celeb ambassadors shot for the designer by Glen Luchford. The ads are meant to capture the raw, honest, emotional experiences of youth today. And each campaign star talked a little about the power of young people to mark the campaign. Centineo made his debut for Calvin Klein with both an underwear shot and one for the jeans campaign. He also had an insightful take on feeling young: "I think youth is a thing, regardless of age, that looks at the world, that looks at a scenario, and flips it on its head and goes, ‘that might not be right. How can we do that better?’” Mendes, meanwhile, had two underwear ads. He also spoke about how young people are using their voices: “I think that youth, and this generation in general right now, are speaking so loudly, and people are listening more than ever," Mendes said. "And it’s incredible because they’re saying very, very important things and people are listening. I don’t think we’ve ever been louder as a younger generation—and in the best way.” Jenner, a Calvin Klein veteran, did one shot for the underwear campaign and one for the jeans campaign. She spoke about how youth is more an attitude than a physical age. “I don’t think youth has an end really," she said. "I think it’s all in your soul and how you feel rather than an actual age.” And A$AP Rocky did one shirtless denim shot for Calvin Klein. He spoke too about how youth isn't so much an age as much as it is a mentality. “I think that youth can be the beginning stage of any part of life whether it’s a new career, a new chapter, a new album,” he said.  
 Chanel has announced that Virginie Viard, the brand's fashion studio director, will succeed Karl Lagerfeld. The legendary designer's death was confirmed on Tuesday, February 19th. He was 85.  Viard has worked alongside Karl Lagerfeld since (nearly) the beginning. Her tenure at Chanel started in 1987 when a family friend Prince Rainier’s chamberlain, recommended Viard to the designer for an internship. The two creatives have been inseparable ever since. She followed him to Chloé in 1992, and back to Chanel in 1997. At October’s show at the Grand Palais, she even joined him for his bow.  She spoke to ELLE for the December issue (where she was also photographed by Lagerfeld), even though she admitted, "I hate being in the spotlight."     Viard says their process begins when Lagerfeld completes one of his famous colored-pencil-and-pastel sketches, which he still does by hand. “I immediately dispatch each sketch to each première d’atelier, according to her skills and capabilities. I visualize the show, get things ready for him, decide on materials, coordinate the teams, and liaise with suppliers,” she says. “I like to think of myself as the one who helps his vision come alive.” Lagerfeld describes their partnership thusly: “She is my right hand and my left hand,” he says. “Our relationship is essential, doubled by a very real friendship and affection.” Adds Viard, “I try to—to anticipate what he would like. I love to please him but also surprise him.” Over the years, she has gotten to know the private Lagerfeld. “He is very sensitive, like all creative people, but very faithful, generous—which might not be what people would guess.” A version of this article originally appeared in the November 2018 issue of ELLE.
 Karl Lagerfeld, one of the most influential fashion designers to shape the industry, has died at 85. Prolific in every sense of the word, Lagerfeld designed for three brands—Chanel, Fendi and his namesake label—branching out into photography and hospitality.  If every person has one detail that unlocks their mythology, for Karl Lagerfeld it was the way he read books. For every new page he’d finish, he’d tear it out. It wasn’t a sign of a disrespect for the written word—Lagerfeld was a book collector and maintained his own imprint, 7L. Rather, it was symbolic of his relentless quest for newness. When you’ve been working for more than half a century, it’s easy to ossify into the same habits, but Lagerfeld was always looking around the corner, at what was next—whether it was the next “It” Apple product, the next “It” girl, or a brand-new inspiration. For someone with reverence for the old-fashioned (hand-drawn pastel sketches, classical music, rococo fans) he lived resolutely in the present, and he was inexorably drawn to the future.  And he continued working, and looking ahead, right up to the end. According to WWD, he gave his design team at Fendi instructions for the fall-winter 2019 collection, set to show as planned during Milan Fashion Week this Thursday. It’s no exaggeration to say that Lagerfeld put an indelible stamp on fashion, from his floaty, feminine vision for Chloé, his logo-rific work at Fendi (he designed the iconic double-F logo!) and, of course, his Chanel shows that transported us everywhere from a supermarket to an airport terminal to a glamorous data center.  “Moving forward, changing and enticing. That’s what fashion is about!” But beyond his runway omnipresence, he was also early to catch each new wave of fashion—mass-market collaborations (his collab with H&M in 2004 marked the first linkup between the retailer and a designer), social media (his cat Choupette has racked up over 116k Instagram followers) and our golden age of non-verbal communication (he launched his own emojis in 2014.) He grasped “branding” early on: his snow-white ponytail, shades, stiff collar, and fingerless gloves were enough of a semaphore to make him identifiable from miles away.    And he was generous. When Lagerfeld took a fancy to someone and they joined his jet-setting Chanel crew—whether it was a budding star, or his beloved Choupette—he celebrated them. In the pages of ELLE, he relaxed with Nicki Minaj and gathered together some of his intimates—including model Joan Smalls, Chanel studio director Virginie Viard, and classical violinist Charlie Siem—for a group portrait in our December issue. Perhaps that inclusivity was the most modern thing about him, and in keeping with ELLE’s mission to make fashion accessible and fun. As he told us this past fall, “Moving forward, changing and enticing. That’s what fashion is about!”  
 The fashion pack heads across the pond and breaks out the bright colors and bold prints. ELLE's street style photographer Tyler Joe is there to capture the scene. 
 Kim Kardashian is never hesitant to make a statement with bold sheer and strappy looks, but the gown she wore to the Hollywood Beauty Awards last night just took things to the next level.  She attended the event wearing this vintage Thierry Mugler gown featuring a form fit, thigh slit, and cutouts all the way up the torso.  Kim's gown is from Thierry Mugler Haute Couture Spring/Summer 1998. Here's what it looked like on the runway:  Earlier this month, Cardi B tapped vintage 90's Mugler for her Grammy's look. The singer wore this "Birth of Venus" gown by the designer to walk the red carpet, which as last seen on the Thierry Mugler runway in 1995. Cardi opted for the entire runway look, right down to the pearl headpiece and satin opera gloves. So 90's Mugler is having a moment right now, okurrr? 
 
 Good models stand out. Great ones blend in. Gigi Hadid is not hard to spot. 5 foot 10 with a whoosh of blonde hair and an aura of liquid gold, she's been flashbulb candy since age two, when she booked her first Baby Guess campaign. But on Burberry's Fall 2019 runway, Hadid came down sixth on the catwalk, and nobody really knew. Maybe it was the hair—Guido Palau's infinity-sign-baby-bangs that made a blonde lattice across her forehead. Maybe it was the makeup—bleached brows and elfin skin courtesy of Pat McGrath. Or maybe it's because Hadid's such a skilled model, she knows when to amp up her star power (on the Victoria's Secret runway, say) and when to become a seamless part of a designer's fashion show squad.  Hadid wasn't the only hidden gem in Riccardo Tisci's second collection for Burberry. There was also... A brand-new bag, The Title, available on Instagram for just 24 hours. A post shared by Burberry (@burberry) on Feb 17, 2019 at 9:31am PST  A post shared by MIA (@miamatangi) on Sep 20, 2018 at 7:44am PDT     So many delights. 
 A field guide to Simone Rocha's catwalk of women-not-girls. What happens when It Girls grow up? Simone Rocha showed us on her catwalk, enlisting friends and fashion family to model clothes based on intimacy and steely independence. (In the words of her muse, the late artist Louise Bourgeois, "I do not owe the why to anybody. Any body.") Click through to meet the Coven of Rocha in their natural habitat—the top floor of Burlington House, a.k.a. London's most famous society of artists. The 21-year-old poet grew up in the Colombian city of Cali and took her first plane ride ever to Paris last year... because she was walking the Balenciaga fashion show.  A graduate of New York's School of Visual Arts, Aboah has British and Ghanaian heritage and grew up in London. Unlike her big sister Adwoa, she has zero Instagram posts. The Nebraska native was a Prada campaign star at just 16, but took a break from the industry to focus on ceramics and design. She's now 24 and did one show—Marc Jacobs—in New York. A former actress and current documentary producer, Wilson once starred in a French rom-com with Johnny Depp. Now 40, the London native and mother of 3 was part of the '90s waif squad that included Kate Moss and Michele Hicks.  An actress, environmental activist, and Cambridge University graduate, Cole has a tiny heart tattoo on her wrist first drawn by Heath Ledger. The first-ever plus size model that Rocha cast on her runway, McMillan is just 18. Originally from Texas, she's now living the bohemian dream in New York's East Village. You might recognize this doll-faced teen from opening this year's Marc Jacobs show. Originally from Somalia, her family now lives in Iowa, where she recently got her high school diploma. Go Ugbad! A former punk music kid, she appeared on a 1985 cover of i-D  before becoming a photographer and shooting their fashion spreads herself.  The Argentinian artist learned her craft in Buenos Aires and now lives and works in New York City.  A '90s grunge icon, Owen was Helmut Lang's fit model and muse. She now lives in rural Vermont.  (You know her. Promise.)
  “I have been thinking about what women want,” said Victoria Beckham to her show audience today. She meant what they want to BUY, of course, but when her front row stars were her own dying-to-be-them family, well...the mind can wander.  It goes to Brooklyn Beckham, 19, who sported art-school facial hair (he’s studying to be a photographer, after all...) with suspenders and a cap worthy of Newsies. It goes to his girlfriend, Hana Cross, a model whose VVB x Reebok swag proves she’s Posh-approved.   And of course it goes to Harper Seven Beckham, who is actually 7 now (!), with hair in a sharply-shorn bob that would give Louise Brooks a run for her money, or at least her publicity skills.   A whole gorgeous, happy brood supporting their too-cool mom at her successful business venture—that’s indeed what many women want. But yeah, the lipstick-red coat and lilac sweater are pretty good, too. 
 Take a look inside one of the most extensive (and Instagrammable) fashion exhibitions in history. The most extensive collection of the House of Christian Dior ever compiled has been made accessible to the public by way of a stunning new exhibition at London's Victoria and Albert Museum.   The "Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams" exhibition showcases some of Christian Dior's most iconic looks from 1947 to today, including the cream-colored, chiffon-sleeved confection Princess Margaret wore for her 21st birthday in 1951, Charlize Theron's Swarovski crystal-encrusted gown from the 2008 J'Adore campaign, the sequined number Jennifer Lawrence graced us with at the 2018 Oscars, among hundreds of other jaw-dropping ensembles. Comprising over 500 Dior pieces (200 of which are couture gowns and 157 of which are objects that have never been displayed in a museum before), the show traces Christian Dior's work and obsessions, and showcases the ways in which Dior's succeeding creative directors have been inspired by his legacy. For reference, this list chronologically includes Yves Saint Laurent, Marc Bohan, Gianfranco Ferré, John Galliano, Raf Simons, and Maria Grazia Chiuri. (Bill Gaytten was the creative director between Galliano and Simons for two seasons, but his work hasn't been represented, most likely because of his short tenure).  Christian Dior's post-war debut came at a time when Europe was just beginning to emerge from being shattered financially, psychologically, and physically. Throughout World War II in the U.K. (the exhibition closely looks at the ways in which Christian Dior was inspired by British Culture, and vice versa), 'fashion' had been reduced to utility. After all, this was a time period when British citizens were advised to carry gas masks with them at all time and handbags were made to include gas tank compartments. Enter Christian Dior's revolutionary Carolle line in 1947, which featured a full-skirted, feminine silhouette. It's here that fantasy dared to be reintroduced into fashion.  It's important to understand the significance of how groundbreaking Christian Dior's New Look (as it would come to be known) was for its time, and it's fascinating to consider how people responded. The British government, for one, was concerned at how the fabric-heavy couture creations would impact the country's ration books. According to The Times, the Board of Trade even called a meeting for fashion editors in which the board's president, Stafford Cripps, asked the British press to either give Dior's debut collection bad reviews or ignore it completely. Nevertheless, Dior's early looks, which saw the average dress use 20 yards of fabric, appealed to women who were ready to dream again. As Christian Dior famously told British fashion reporter Anne Edwards from the Daily Express in 1947: "I am giving women the dresses they want... They're fed up with war restrictions. My full skirts are a release."  Christian Dior's New Look would go on to define the decade, reinvigorate the Parisian fashion industry, and inspire larger-than-life daydreams from fashion spectators that have endured throughout The House of Dior's evolution. Expanding on the 2015 retrospective on Dior that occupied Paris's Musée des Arts Décoratifs with 60% more content, the V&A's "Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams" show offers an otherworldly escape into pure fantasy.  Victoria & Albert's "Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams" is up now through July 14, 2019.   
 Matty Bovan and Asai want to recycle for keeps.  It’s fun to say something is “trash.”  It’s less fun—in fact, it’s awful—to see trash, especially in the wild, or where people and animals try to live.  Matty Bovan and A Sai Ta know all about it. As London natives and “Young Millennials,” the two British designers have grown up with climate change, landfills, and the human cost of disposable clothes. They also know about investment pieces, quality fabrics, and how to look insanely cool. (Ta worked at Yeezy and The Row; Bovan is a Katie Grand protégé who interned for Marc Jacobs.) Friday night in London, the two designers showed different—but equally possible—ways to fix the broken cycle of buy-toss-repeat.  At Bovan, it was batty and beautiful—but, really batty. There were football pads repurposed for puffed shoulders, a sweater turned upside-down and slashed to make a bodice, and old furs stitched into new shapes and trims. Bovan used fabric from Liberty London in his signature hoop skirts, but also in Edwardian blouses that—with a pair of jeans and heels—could upend Batsheva’s reign on Green Gables Chic.™ (Okay, I just made that up, but you know exactly what I mean…)  Bovan’s mother, Plum, made jewelry from old bannisters and frayed USB cords. Then there were Coach’s canvas monogram logos stretched into turbans, top hats, and even a bellman’s cap. Everything was repurposed; every look seemed totally new.    A Sai Ta took a similar stand, tearing up fabrics last seen in grandpa closets worldwide—Scrooge McDuck plaids, brown herringbone wool, polyester pajamas—and reworking them into bias-cut dresses, tweed-on-tweed reversible jackets, and patchwork leather pants the color and beat-up texture of car seats.  Name-checking German documentary photographer August Sander and John + Yoko’s “Bed-In” as references, Ta also made a duvet coat out of what looked like an actual duvet. Yes, Margiela did it first (in 1999) but those braving below-zero temperatures in much of America this month deserve the latest update—and this one has a cinched waist. Will these two young innovators convince fashion to keep up-cycling? Will Liberty-print bustles and turmeric-dyed turtlenecks be the vintage scores of 2050? It’s too soon to tell—but with closed-loop couture like Bovan’s and Ta’s, there’s a tiny bit more hope we’ll make it to 2050 at all. 
 At Ashley Williams, style comes first. (Sorry.)  "The penis is a powerful thing," says designer Ashley Williams. It's also, apparently, a part of an outerwear option, as Adwoa Aboah proved when she opened Williams' show in a sperm-print fleece jacket and giant nun skirt.  The pattern came again in pants, in a strapless silk evening dress, in a fuzzy scarf, and a hot pink tie-dye tee. By the time teen rocker Sabrina Fuentes (a.k.a Pretty Sick) stomped the catwalk in a headband knit with dicks, the motif stopped being a gag and started being a viable option for street style strategy and gender flip-offs. Williams' counter to the peens was a pussy—as in, a cat—stamped on sweaters and dresses, some worn by male models. The cat theme continued with leopard and tiger prints, some in hot pink. In a time where "boys" and "girls" are a choice and not a mandate, and where "toxic masculinity" has the same danger level as asbestos, the symbolism was smart. The fact that it happened on clothes made for flaunting, posing, and hyping? That's actual genius. As for Williams' obsession-level barrettes, there were some new words (BOOKS seemed to be the Instagram favorite, but JESUS, OCEAN and EMO are up there, too) but only one model wore them... all of them... like a very verbose, very dazzling hat.   Of course, there were earrings blaring FUCK in shiny crystals, too, because Williams knows above all, you've got to stay on-brand.
 A little retro, a little modern, high-waisted bikinis are a stylish swimwear choice from getaways to pool parties and every warm-weather destination in between. Offering a chic reveal of skin and a little more coverage than itsy-bitsy Brazilian cuts and stringy sets, these two pieces nip in at the waist for a figure-flattering effect that accentuates all shapes and sizes. From dusty hues to playful animal prints and impeccably minimal silhouettes, shop our new-season favorites ahead.  Minimal yet bold, this plucky hue makes a sleek statement. Timeless yet modern, this two-piece set is so sophisticated. This bow-adorned set is sweet yet striking Go athletic-chic in this sports bra-inspired set in baby blue. This sustainably made style is treated with UPF 50+ for sun protection.  Give gingham a break in favor of this graphic houndstooth print. Ethically made in Sofia, Bulgaria, this color-block set is straight off the Chromat runway. Contour seams give this bikini a vintage look. Go trendy in of-the-moment snake print. Swirls of color are a an ultra-stylish choice for sunbathing. This plus-size set is designed with thick spandex to hold you in in all the right places. More than stylish, a belted bikini further accentuates your waist. Shine brighter than the sun in this electric yellow two piece. We’ll take our itsy bitsy, teeny weeny, polka dot bikini in orange and pink, please. For a little extra coverage, support, and sun protection, this gathered two-piece suit is standout. Minimalists, meet your dream high-waist bikini. Not into neon? Dusty shades are equally major this season. You can't go wrong with basic black.  An ethical way to get your floral fix, this bikini is made from 100% recycled nylon materials (including abandoned fishing nets that would otherwise end up in landfills and oceans). What’s fresher than a papaya and olive color pairing? If you can’t take a safari, this bikini is the next best thing. The chicest way to don leopard print on the beach. Re-think your little black bikini collection with this flattering halter neckline.
 Even if you're not one of Arielle Noa Charnas 1.2 million followers on Instagram, you can't deny that the influencer nails classic style. Her coats always fit perfectly so perfect it might actually be witchcraft. She brought the same magic to her collaboration with Nordstrom, and her February collection has everything you need to transition into spring. We're eyeing a pair of white boots that have the vibe of The Row at a fraction of the price, a longline coat we just saw at New York Fashion Week, and the newest addition to her line, swimwear. Shop our top pieces from the latest drop ahead. 
 As summer's classic generation-spanning sandal, a Birkenstock is always a good idea—and this spring a totally new silhouette is joining the bunch. The Yao takes the brand's slip-on-and-wear-with-anything vibe to even more versatile levels. Whether for brunch, vacation, or your average Tuesday, these slim-strapped sandals are just the addition your wardrobe has been craving. The criss-crossed straps are thinner than the traditional style and sit closer to the toes (à la the standard mule silhouette). With the same comfortable cork footbed that the brand's known for, we're happily styling them with everything in our closet. Here, eight ways to wear them this spring. Opt for a pair in metallic copper when seeking an outfit addition that'll bring a little pop of something special without overpowering an optic-white jumpsuit. Birkenstock Yao Sandal; The East Order White Jumpsuit; Malibu Skye Bag; Faris Earrings (all available at nordstrom.com) Whether you’re heading on vacation or into another workweek, try styling a midi skirt and t-shirt with a bright white pair. It's easy, elegant, and comfortable.  Birkenstock Yao Sandal; Clu Top and Skirt; Tom Ford Sunglasses; Brixton Hat; Rag and Bone Bag (all available at nordstrom.com) Have fun with color by pairing red and pink. Metallic silver Yaos ground the look while also providing a bit of whimsy. Birkenstock Yao Sandal; Madewell Jacket and Skirt; Brixton Essex Bucket Hat; Clare V. Bag (all available at nordstrom.com) With head-to-toe red, it’s smart to opt for clean white accessories. While the outfit by itself is bold, the bag and sandals make just as strong of a statement. Birkenstock Yao Sandal; Fame & Partners Jumpsuit; Lele Sadoughi Earrings; Rebecca Minkoff Bag (all available at nordstrom.com) When wearing lots of color, stick within the same shade family to avoid overload. Copper complements warm rainbow stripes while also bringing its own pop. Birkenstock Yao Sandal; Rails Top and Shorts; Avec Les Filles Trench Coat; Zoë Chicco Necklace (all available at nordstrom.com) Keep things casual-cool with a pair of light-wash jeans and a single-button blazer. Classic sandals make the effortless look timeless too.  Birkenstock Yao Sandal; Scotch & Soda Blazer; Levi's Denim Jeans; Rebecca Minkoff Bag; Faris Earrings (all available at nordstrom.com) Go for the classics with a button-down, khaki pants, and cross-body box bag. Shake up the preppy feel with hippie-cool sandals. Birkenstock Yao Sandal; Harvey Faircloth Shirt; Vince Pants; Alexis Bittar Earrings; Botkier Bag (all available at nordstrom.com) Birkenstock Yao Sandal; For an easy everyday look that's far from basic, pick simple shapes in unique fabrics or colors. Case in point? A silk button-down, army green skinnies, and sandals in high-shine silver.  Opening Ceremony Blazer; Frame Denim Jeans; Faris Earrings; Kurt Geiger Bag (all available at nordstrom.com)
 Perfect your under-the-dress look whether it's Valentine's Day or not. No outfit is complete (or can start, really) without the most important article of clothing: underwear. It lays the closest to your skin, gets buried under bulky layers and too-tight jeans, and ranges from comfy high-waisted granny panties to your favorite $5/28.50 logo bikinis. But every now and then, a lady deserves to revamp her lingerie draw with a fresh batch of racy, teeny-tiny lace goodies.  Sure, there are a few lingerie giants that dominate the lingerie world (hi Victoria's Secret, looking good Agent Provocateur), but there are loads of other lingerie brands out there creating delicate, demure, bold and over-the-top sexy underthings. Here are a few of our favs. True&Co. is the lingerie brand you’ll never want to take off (though you should because...hygiene). Founded in 2012, True&Co. prioritizes fit and comfortability by designing pieces using its signature buttery-soft fabric that feels like second skin. There’s a lot to love about Kala, from its sustainable approach to lingerie to the gorgeous neutral-toned pieces in a wide range of sizes that look flattering on every skin tone. The Emily Ratajkowski-owned label started off as swimwear only before branching off into intimates with “Body.” Featuring soft silhouettes and neutral tones (save for the happy neon green bodysuit and matching bra set), the collection was designed to make women feel comfortable running to the “corner bodega and everywhere else in between.” Tylynn Nguyen’s luxurious, well-designed collection adds a bit of edge and allure to everyday basic silhouettes. Each piece was inspired by Paris and made of fine French fabrics, from French lace to charmeuse. The Australian luxury lingerie brand creates simple, delicate and sexy lace pieces that you’ll want to show off. Intimissi has a wide selection of intimates to cater to your bedroom desires, no matter what lingerie expertise level. Just getting started? Intimissi’s slip dresses and bodysuits come in romantic lace fabrics and colors. But if you’re ready to take it up a notch, dive into the site’s extensive collection of lace bras, corsets, and garter belts. Lingerie shouldn’t only be limited to red and black lace pieces. At Dora Larsen, sexy lace bras are dipped in a sugary palette of yellow, blue, pink, orange, and more, with cuts that range from deep, triangle-cut bras to high-waisted cut-out panties. Thanks to Fleur du Mal, undressing just got a whole lot better. Its signature provocative styles (I’m talking strappy bondage bra and panty sets and bodysuits) and soft satin pieces will be the WOW piece of your lingerie drawer and will make you feel sexy, even under your everyday staples. There are simple, cute lingerie, and then there’s Hopeless Lingerie, designed for the woman who likes “horror movies and heavy metal and midnight snacks.” Hopeless Lingerie features the brand’s trademark strappy, cut-out details in sexy lace textures and colors. Peek & Beau is the equally naughty little sister of Playful Promises. Peek & Beau is tailor made for those with bold personalities who aren’t afraid of cut-outs, fishnets, and lots of mesh. Eberjey's gorgeous lineup of delicate intimates looks too good to wear--like too good. Bras are the first things you’re dying to take off when you walk into your home, but not these. The brand’s pretty, soft lace fabrics are cut and trimmed into comfy lace bras and panties that can take you from casual to dramatic. Made for the “women who wear lingerie as a love letter to themselves,” Lonely Label offers styles that are comfortable, light, and colorful. In between the neutral-toned pieces,you’ll find pops of color (green, yellow, pink), for those who like their lingerie to match their everyday moods. Launched in 1978, founder Helena Stuart set out to design “inner outerwear:” in other words, lingerie that was designed to be shown off to the world. Only Hearts gives customers an excellent mix of lace bodysuits, bras, panties, and teddys in luxe fabrics and silhouettes. Else Lingerie is a collection of elevated intimate staples. Sure, you can wear the brand’s fan-favorite lace bras and panties, or you can spice up your lingerie collection by adding a sheer chemise or fitted sheer slip dress. In search of the creme de la creme of your lingerie draw? Look no further than I.D Sarrieri. You can’t pull out I.D Sarrieri for just anyone. This is top-notch, splurge-worthy intimate wear that will stand the test of time and should be reserved for someone whose love will do the same. Made of exquisite lace and silk fabrics, Fleur of England makes date night even more special. Khloe Kardashian is a fan of the brand and cradled her pregnant belly in the brand’s sexy balcony bra and matching panty in her maternity photoshoot. If it’s good enough for Klo, it’s good enough for me. Everyday feels like a special occasion in Skarlett Blue. The lingerie brand prides itself on offering women comfortable lingerie pieces that are designed with supple, soft fabrics and fit each body without hassle. If Fifty Shades of Grey were a brand, it would be Anya Lust. Push your regular, boring ol’ bralettes and panties to the back of the drawer because Anya Lust’s pieces deserve all the spotlight. From cut-out bodysuits and lace eye masks to dramatic silk robes and scented candles, Anya Lust has everything to cater to your needs--or his. Fall in love with Thistle and Spire's luxe fabrics and intricate detailing, from lace-up and beaded bras to cut-out panties.  Founder Maggie Gillette combined her love for fashion and giving back by donating a portion of each purchase of the bridal-inspired lingerie back to a women's charity. Who says good lingerie needs to be expensive? Not Blush! This family-owned business has been operating for 60+ years and is a favorite for its affordability and comfort. This brand prides itself on providing pieces with vintage detailing for women of all shapes and sizes.
 Have you, too, developed a love-hate relationship with wearing a new dress every time you attend a wedding? Welcome to the club. On one hand, we love getting glammed up—it's adult prom! But on the other hand, the added costs of traveling, hotels, and gift registries are crippling. So we're doing you a solid with a roundup of 20 guest dresses that keep the party going on a budget. Some of them even cost less than the unavoidable Uber ride home. Shop unexpected designer sales, velvet wraps that look way more expensive than their mall-store price tag, and more. A slinky LBD ideal for the singles table.  Perfect for a garden party. If you don't have any weddings lined up for 2019, this perfect dress will make you crash one.  This Solace London number is a steal at 40 percent off.  It's not white, okay?  Rainbow sequins are always a good idea.  This dress is actually 100 percent silk, it a great deal.   Cher Horowitz was your on your mood board.  A form-flattering silhouette will look amazing on the dance floor.   When in doubt, wear a slip dress.  A black tie wedding requires a dress with a little bit of drama.  A botanical print for those averse to florals.  This one is a step up from your usual spring dress.   Jazz this dress up with accessories for a wedding, then wear it with flats to the office.  A dress that will fit both casual and formal weddings.  This online-exclusive is sure to turn heads. This raspberry hue will flatter most complexions.  If you're looking for an ultra-formal, floor-length number. this is the one.  Be their something blue.   How good will this look with platform sandals? 
 Look up inamorata in the dictionary and you'll learn it means "a person's female lover." Turn the definition on its head and you've got the jumping off point for the latest additions to Emily Ratajkowski's collection Inamorata BODY—a new line that includes bralettes, panties, bodysuits, bandeau tops, and more.  "It has the Rata in it, but it means female lover, or like muse. And the idea to me is that it's not just like a man's idea of a siren—you love yourself, right? So, you're your own muse," Ratajkowski shared during our phone call about the collection.  "I grew up in southern California and it really was a culture of girls living in their swimsuits," the model/designer says. "Here was this real confidence, and it was non-sexual, just women doing their thing, you know?" After spotting the same attitude on New Yorkers, Ratajkowski was eager to make items for women to wear off the beach.  Read on for more from Ratajkowski on everything from being nice to yourself to how she plans on making this brand truly inclusive.  You know, for me, I don't have a go-to underwear store. I don't have a place that makes cute basics that I really want to wear, and I feel comfortable in, but I also think are on trend and cool. So, this is also just like a necessity—this is something that I would want to wear. Yeah, totally. Swim has always been fun. I was always a girl who collected a million bathing suits, and I didn't have a go-to swimwear company, and I didn't have a go-to underwear company. For me, that's huge. You know, even just the basic slip dresses, those are harder to find than you would think. I don't want it to be a brand where you're like "Oh, wow. I got this one thing, and then they never made it again." I want it to be the kind of thing where girls are like, "Oh, yeah. Inamorata, perfect. I can get that comfy cotton set." You know? 
 I mean, yes, it is easy for me but, let me tell you, there are days when I wake up and I don't feel good. I think it's all relative, and I think that everyone can be critical of their body, it doesn't matter what you look like on Instagram. I think that confidence isn't something that comes from what you see in the mirror, it's about how you feel, as cheesy as that sounds. Yes, it totally is. And it's not one that you're going to always be good at. And I think that's just really important to remember. I mean, there's so many different ways you can criticize your body, and it's not just about what size you are, you know? Give yourself a break. This is a message that's super important to me. I feel like women, and young women especially, are just so hard on themselves and constantly comparing themselves. I don't know if I see that as much with men, certainly not physically. I think that you really want to be the sexiest, the smartest, the most hardworking—the everything. And that's great that those are the things that we all want. But it's also important to realize we're human beings, and you're not always going to be all the things that you want to be in every given moment. When we did something with the swim in October, I shot six girls who are like my muses, and included Lena Dunham, and girls I just know from New York who sometimes model, plus professional models. Just a bunch of different bodies, and the comments we got were it was really interesting. Because one of the girls, Amelia, everyone's like 'She's way too thin.' And when I post Lena the response is, 'Oh, she's just gross. Blah, blah, blah.' It was crazy to me. To me, this is what my dream is, seeing all these girls in our bathing suits. My dream is to see girls of all shapes and sizes in the underwear. And that's why the sizing ranges from extra small to extra large. The sizes are really generous. When you look at what we've done with the swim, which has obviously been around a lot longer, I think that really speaks to what I have planned for Body.  @lenadunham being an absolute star in the Swamis. 📸 by @emrata A post shared by  Inamorata (@inamoratawoman) on Jan 17, 2019 at 5:54pm PST It goes back to what I was saying—this is about an attitude of living a confident lifestyle. Taking everything that we feel about the beach and taking it to the city. For me, the bodega is a weird thing, because you can feel extra gross when you go to the bodega. But, this was our idea of that kind of confidence where you are in your comfy whatever clothes, or your sexy lingerie, whatever mood you're in—just going around the city in Nikes and underwear. Oh, my god. I have a whole folder of like 20 girls that, that I'm hoping that I could end up using. I don't want to name one person and leave someone out, but, you know, it's been really cool. Some of my good friends like Amy Schumer, and Lena Dunham, and Ashley Graham have reached out and been like, "Oh, my god. I want to wear this stuff." It's such a dream. I like surprising people. My idea of casting is to use people that inspire me. The green Sour Patch straws. Love those. Love like sliced mango in the summer from those weird plastic containers. I always try to find the ones that are not too soft, not too hard. And then, like an Arizona Iced Tea, and Talenti ice cream.  Get yourself some lingerie and burn the place down. Shop our lace pieces. Happy Valentine’s Day. A post shared by  Inamorata (@inamoratawoman) on Feb 14, 2019 at 5:40pm PST
 Filmmaker, screenwriter, and activist, Ava DuVernay has always been on the frontlines of the fight against oppression, using films like 13th to address the racial injustices plaguing the black community, and her Twitter platform to support Colin Kaepernick's NFL protest and denounce "white privilege." Now, DuVernay is bringing her fight to the fashion world as the co-chair of Prada's Diversity and Inclusion Advisory Council.  Following a wave of backlash after releasing keychains that evoked racist imagery, Prada is launching a diversity council with Ava DuVernay and Theaster Gates at the helm in an effort to "elevate voices of color within the company and the fashion industry at-large," according to a press release. DuVernay and Gates will assist the Italian luxury house as it "invests in diverse talent development and expands opportunities for young students of color in the fashion industry." Part of Prada's new initiative includes teaming up with a number of universities and colleges to bridge the diversity gap in the fashion industry by creating internship opportunities, sponsorships, and training programs at Prada offices in the US and worldwide.  “Prada is committed to cultivating, recruiting and retaining diverse talent to contribute to all departments of the company,” Miuccia Prada, chief executive officer and lead creative director at Prada, said in a statement. “In addition to amplifying voices of color within the industry we will help ensure that the fashion world is reflective of the world in which we live, and we are thrilled to be working with long-time collaborators, Ava DuVernay and Theaster Gates, on this important initiative. We look forward to working with the Diversity and Inclusion Advisory Council to help us grow not only as a company but also as individuals." Prada's announcement comes after Gucci recently came under fire for releasing a balaclava turtleneck that resembled blackface. Gucci has since removed the turtleneck and reached out to Dapper Dan (whom they collaborated with on a capsule collection inspired by Dan's archive) to resolve the issue. 
 Saying goodbye to all that. (But we'll see you in our closets.) With fashion shows, the end is really the beginning. Sure, the models and the makeup artists are packing up for London... but now that you've seen the clothes on the catwalks, you can start getting ready to actually buy them. (The best part, right?) Here's one last load of NYFW inspiration to pin, post, and manifest into your very own closet when it hits stores this Fall. Enjoy. OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG (deep breath...) OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG (one more...)  OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG (faint dramatically.) [To the tune of Copa Cabana] His name was Michael! He made a runway!With Gigi Hadid opening; he got Manilow to sing.Maribou feathers! And brocade jackets!And Patti Hansen closed the show; in a golden suit with glow.Across the crowded floor, Priyanka j’adore! [Keep singing, but don’t forget to shop.]  Let’s dance. #slomo disco at Staud ⭐️ #nyfw A post shared by  Faran Krentcil (@farankrentcil) on Feb 13, 2019 at 10:08am PST If Michael Kors was Studio 54, Staud was the house party thrown by Tara Subkoff in Last Days of Disco. Sparer and younger, the collection merged disco vibes with downtown cool, and made the whole show feel like a Lower East Side rager. As for the clothes, they’ll get you noticed at a gallery opening or organic matcha bar, in a good way. In case you missed the memo, this morning’s theme was disco, and Naeem Khan nailed it. The designer was a dance floor VIP in his day, and proved it by closing the show with three old friends—‘70s supermodels Pat Cleveland, Alva Chinn, and Karen Bjornsen. With Dynasty hair and Khan’s signature Indian embroidery, this sumptuous parade was (as the song goes), more! More! More!   I have been waiting for a redux of the Samantha dress all week. Voila. Amazing. Done. If the Wicked Witch of the West landed on Wall Street, she’d wear this sinister suit by designer Raul Lopez. Of course, then she’d be having so much fun, she’d stop being evil and start being great fun at SZA concerts… where we’d also like to wear this look. Just saying. A post shared by Nikki Ogunnaike (@nikkiogun) on Feb 10, 2019 at 7:56am PST UNIQLO Heat Tech did not show at New York Fashion Week, but it did show up every single day on editors, models, influencers, photographers, and more. Didn’t notice? It’s because we’ve been layering the super-thin, super-warm pieces under our Sandy Liang puffers and Saks Potts trenches all week. For arctic street style stars, this stuff is a true secret weapon.
 Intricate crochet and macrame—on tank dresses, swinging skirts, and cover-ups—appear at home among the pristine wetlands and rocky coast of Southern California. Hair by Pasquale Ferrante for Label.M; makeup by Kristi Matamoros for Hourglass; model: Oumie Jammeh at Next Management; produced by Gregg Broussard at Avenue 53.  This article originally appeared in the March 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE 
 It's New York Fashion Week again, and we're highlighting the best looks from the fall collections. So far? The velvet blazers from Tom Ford, the boho dresses at Ulla Johnson and the coats at Rachel Comey stand out. We'll be updating with the best of fall 2019 as the week continues.
 The Blonds have always rebelled against convention. Each season, the fashion wildcard—the theatrical New York-based designing duo made up of Phillipe Blond and David Blond—depart from the traditional runway show to put on a show that often doubles as a full-blown concert.  For its spring 2019 show, Disney villains went high-fashion, as models (including Paris Hilton and YouTube sensation, Patrick Starr) sported glossy, embellished ensembles inspired by evil queens Cruella De Vil, Maleficent, the Queen of Hearts, Ursula, and more. Returning to the fall 2019 NYFW circuit, The Blonds upped the ante on the theatrics (and star power) with a heavily-embellished collection dipped in liquid gold, white, and emerald green. You don't come to The Blonds runway show expecting subtlety. The provocateurs operate on their own level of extra: bold animal prints, bedazzled bras, and lots of skin, because the individual who wears The Blonds isn't in the business of looking like anyone else. A set of three models opened the show before Phillipe Blond hit the runway himself in the first look of the night: a fluffy, white mid-length fur coat layered over satin tailored trousers and a stack of gold chains.    A stream of lavish dresses with sharp, exaggerated shoulders, plunging necklines, and asymmetrical thigh-high slits followed suit, some designed in tiger prints or encrusted with a number of jewels that could blind an innocent bystander.  Celebrities Paris Hilton, Jillian Hervey (of Lion Babe), and Karrueche Tran modeled dazzling scoop-neck bodices that have become the brand's signature, while The Clermont Twins strutted down the runway in barely-there gold bodysuits and dollar-sign nipple pasties.  Instead of heading backstage after their runway walk, a gang of models lingered in the shadows of The Blonds's runway marquee to catch the surprise star of the night: Lil' Kim.  Wearing a gold-studded, plunging v-neck jumpsuit complete with a waist belt and a headset microphone, Lil' Kim was welcomed by the crowd with a chorus of screams and applause. Then, the real party started. Kim closed out the show with a performance of her early hit "The Jump Off," prompting attendees to get out of their seats to join in on the "hey" and "ho" chants heard across the room.  Phillipe and David Blond emerged from backstage for their final walk, stopping at the end of the runway to bump hips and dance with Lil' Kim. Where else would you want to spend your Tuesday night?
 This is your runway collection on drugs... Plot twist: This morning, I woke up sick and popped some French cold medicine from a friend. “You’ll feel sooo much better,” she cooed in her Paris accent, but after I swallowed the pills, I felt nothing at all. Not my body. Not my breath. Not the basic rules of gravity, either, because I swear, I floated down the 2nd Avenue subway platform before gliding—through a sleet storm—into Day 7 of New York Fashion Week. (I imagined I was Frozen’s Queen Elsa, except less prone to forgiveness.)  In my dopey state, I saw stylish visions that couldn’t be real… except, according to the photos, they are. Scroll through to see if I was tripping, or if the entire fashion industry has gone insane. (The answer, of course, is yes to both.) Cynthia Rowley brought her show to a private indoor pool, and drenched her dresses in dark, shimmery colors last seen in deep sea dives. With fluttery fabrics that moved like the tide, the collection also boasted a swimsuit finale, with 12 models diving into the deep end in wetsuits and heels. Rowley’s surf wear is always killer (and size inclusive!) but makeup from Dose of Colors really stepped up, too: When the models swam a lap, their eyeliner and mascara stayed put. Oscar de la Renta looked expensive and cool, with velvet ponytails and Moroccan lamplight gowns. But one accessory made my brain fuzzy: a tiny felted sheep being held as a handbag. A quick scroll through the runway photos confirmed my suspicions: this collection is not for baaah-sic bitches. (Sorry!) At the Christian Cowan show, which the Kenyan-American closed in a neon-striped suit and a fully sequined headscarf. With the strength of chain mail and the glamour of Disney queens, the accessory was a dramatic challenge to the notion of modesty-as-oppression, and evoked the iconic Hollywood screen sirens of the ‘20s and ‘30s, too.  Happy birthday to this dream gal @riccigrams looking gorgeous in the @batshevadress show today 💗 A post shared by  Erica Cloud (@ecduzit) on Feb 12, 2019 at 3:17pm PST Uhhhh… it’s Christina Ricci. The actress modeled in Batsheva Hay’s astonishing presentation, featuring a “sound installation” by songstress (and Hollywood royal) Esther McGregor and Hole bassist Melissa Auf der Maur. Courtney Love attended in a very on-brand black baby-doll dress, and Ms. Ricci opened the show while celebrating her 39th birthday. Gosh, it was rad. It sure is, and snowing! But if Hong Kong actress Janice Man wants to twirl around the Upper East Side in an eyelet white dress and bare legs, okay. That's cool, as long as she doesn't get sick... and has to take weird cough medicine... and then starts writing stories like this... Both! Gabriela Hearst showed this genius piece of outerwear that transforms depending on your mood, the weather forecast, and the general state of the universe. In a time where climate and Kondo are both in the zeitgeist, this practical piece of double duty is stunning and spare, too.  Let’s save that Think Piece for later and focus on Vaquera, the avant garde American label whose fall runway included dresses that billowed like smoke, a t-shirt that referenced Carla from The Chew… and maybe Samantha the American Girl. Okay fine, combined with Felicity at Brock Collection, it’s a nascent trend. Kirsten, you want to play, too? Love is a mystery, babe. Go back to bed.
 To all the looks we've loved before... "You look amazing," is a common compliment, but on yesterday's runways, it acknowledged the extraordinary. From Motown Muppets to parachute raincoats, it was a landmark day to love fashion. Here's why: "When I was growing up in Detroit, I was too young to get into concerts even though I was always dying to go. Creem would have been my ultimate dream, or The Beatles, obviously, but I was just too young. But this older guy in high school would come back from rock shows and give me the handbills he got from the venues, basically mini-rock posters advertising the latest gig. I kept them, in fact I still have them, and they became the inspiration for this collection" and the runway backdrop, too. With shades of Motown, the Velvet Underground, and Janis from The Muppets, this fuzzy frenzy was like a backstage pass for our closets. Rock on, Anna!    Who needs gimmicks when you've got a job? Wes Gordon's latest for Carolina Herrera was a straightforward guide to getting shit done when it comes to beautiful clothes. Quality fabrics + classic floral prints + a few wonky flourishes (like a bonkers raincoat-slash-party-dress) = gorgeous stuff for grown-ups. Done.  Here is novelist Jenny Han in the Opening Ceremony look book. We want to call it "to all the clothes we've loved before," but this is the fall collection, so we get to keep loving them way into the future. Gosh I'm grateful Taylor Hill and Grace Elizabeth wore black leather berets with their reliably dreamy runway looks at Zimmermann. It means 1) Those Dior caps from two years ago are definitely the investment piece we'd hoped 2) Now I can spend my cash on one of these dresses instead of buying another hat 3) I don't have to touch up my roots for another month. Phew. When the Hamilton soundtrack and a strawberry smoothie are no longer enough, turn to Alice + Olivia to banish the blues. "I was having a butterfly obsession," says designer Stacey Bendet, which led to papillon parkas, rainbow-beaded skirts, and vibrant optimism all around. Alice + Olivia is the Prozac of fashion and it's time to up my dosage. The trap of "gender neutral" clothing is that it's made for men, and if women have bodies boyish enough to squeeze into it without looking floppy, then great. Actually, not great, because hips and breasts and butts are amazing, and we shouldn't apologize for them. Ryan Roche is making sure we don't have to with vivid and tactile pleasures for everyone. From the saffron cashmere knits to the silky coats and dresses, this desert-colored collection was an oasis from all the noise. Why yes, these are models, old and young, male and female, sporting the same plastic headbands that have long been yoga teacher staples (and 7th grade hair savers). To Vinyasa we go!   
 Day six of New York Fashion Week goes to the dogs....the cutest most adorable pups who c-starred in Lela Rose's fall 2019 runway show, that is. The designer staged a dog-show-meet-fashion-show to showcase her fall collection, calling it the Roseminster Dog Show. There were judges, categories (i.e, "Lassies Who Lunch") and even a "Paws for Intermission." The models walked through the showroom clad in King Charles Wool plaid in caramel and hunter green shades, full-length dresses in jewel-toned floral prints, and relaxed pantsuits perfect for long walks in the dog park.  "I'm a bit more than your average dog lover. There's a rare moment that you won't me see with Bobbin, my Norwich terrier, in the back of my bike or seated next to me at a dinner party," said Rose about her love of dogs. "The inspiration for this collection struck when I happened upon an antique dog cameo button, but my four legged friends have long been a lovable influence." There were Bassett Hounds, Pomeranians, Corgis, Poodles and Dalmatians, all of which looked very lovely next to the models. For the final lap, the models stepped down from their respective places on the podiums and showed off their furry friends one last time after receiving their scores from the judges before the end of the show.  
 Outfit inspo for dressing for the worst weather of the year.  Outfit inspo for dressing for the coldest weather of the year, captured by Tyler Joe at New York Fashion Week.
 The list of luxury design houses that have come under fire for releasing designs that evoke racist imagery is growing at a rapid rate. Allow me to jog your memory. H&M used a black child to model a "monkey" sweater, Prada released blackface keychains, Moncler had blackface imagery all over a black puffer coat, and now, that list includes Gucci. Last week, Gucci faced backlash for releasing a black, high balaclava turtleneck that looked a lot like blackface and social media let out a collective sigh of WTF. Is blackface high fashion now? Numerous musicians took to social media to express their outrage with the brand, who released a statement apologizing for its misstep and assured fans the sweater was removed from the site.  "Gucci deeply apologizes for the offense caused by the wool balaclava jumper," the brand wrote. "We consider diversity to be a fundamental value to be fully upheld, respected, and at the forefront of every decision we make. We are fully committed to to increasing diversity throughout our organization and turning this incident into a powerful learning moment for the Gucci team and beyond." Gucci deeply apologizes for the offense caused by the wool balaclava jumper.We consider diversity to be a fundamental value to be fully upheld, respected, and at the forefront of every decision we make. Full statement below. pic.twitter.com/P2iXL9uOhs Of course, the news didn't sit too well with Dapper Dan, the legendary Harlem designer who collaborated with Gucci on a nostalgic capsule collection inspired by Dapper Dan's archive last July. (This collab only came about after Gucci knocked off Dapper Dan.)  Dapper Dan spoke out against the brand on Instagram and announced that Gucci has reached out to him to help right its wrongs by scheduling a meeting with Dan, Gucci board members and more remedy the situation.  "I am a Black man before I am a brand,” Dan wrote. “Another fashion house has gotten it outrageously wrong. There is no excuse or apology that can erase this kind of insult. The CEO of Gucci has agreed to come from Italy to Harlem this week to meet with me, along with members of the community and other industry leaders. There cannot be inclusivity without accountability. I will hold everyone accountable.” A post shared by Dapper Dan (@dapperdanharlem) on Feb 10, 2019 at 11:34am PST Dapper Dan's frustration is understandable. After all, Gucci collaborated with the 74-year-old designer after facing backlash for appropriating Dan's signature over-the-top embellishments and detailing for the Gucci's 2018 Cruise collection. It shouldn't take social media outrage for brands to understand blackface isn't "edgy" or "cool," it's deeply offensive and insensitive.  I want to know if Gucci has any black senior level employees so they can advise the company to stop stealing from us. That's all. pic.twitter.com/eBZJeIPvQQ
 “High fashion doesn’t really exist here since most of the major photographers and models are in New York," said Albright Fashion Library founder, Irene Albright of the red carpet-centered fashion scene in LA.  That was part of her inspiration to bring her namesake showroom to the West Coast.  Filled with thousands of designer dresses, shoes, and accessories available to rent, Albright Fashion Library is an essential stop for stylists, celebrities and the fashion savvy public looking for unique pieces for photo shoots, award shows or movie set wardrobes. Albright opened her New York showroom in 1990 and is now bringing the same fashion sensibility to Los Angeles with her daughter Marina. "There isn’t a spot other than downtown LA that’s created this kind of space,” Albright said. With a new space in Beverly Hills overlooking the city and ocean, it’s all about creating an experience. “What I’m doing is creating event spaces so it’s not just clothing. It’s an all-in-one package," Albright said. "It’s art and fashion. It’s music and fashion. It’s film and fashion.” Albright plans to cultivate the LA fashion scene with collaboration and events. “I think LA is missing that center. New York has it by virtue of the fact that you walk out on the street and you’re bumping into friends. LA doesn’t really have that and that’s what I’m trying to create here.” Since its beginning nearly 30 years ago, stylists, editors and designers have taken advantage of the extensive, yet finely edited, collection. “I know that every editor that has come my way in NY says that if it wasn’t for that for Albright they couldn’t do their job. It’s crazy right?” Albright said. With some 39,000 items for celebrities and the public to rent, the library is well-known for dressing for some of Hollywood's star players, including Jane Fonda, Hailey Baldwin, Noah Cyrus, Sofia Richie, Cardi B, Kate Hudson, Morgan Stewart, Kristen Cavallari, and Halsey. The library came about after Irene Albright, who worked for years as stylist and consultant to prominent magazines and photographers, found her creative imagination needing more. She decided to invest in items with an edge. “I would lend things to my friends who needed it,” Albright shared, “and before I knew it, they convinced me to charge money to borrow, and I realized they had convinced me to run a business.” When asked about some of her favorite pieces, Albright revealed, “I’ve bought the entire Saint Laurent collection. Alexandre Vauthier and Gucci pieces that I covet because they’re masterpieces of art and fashion. The McQueen dress that was worn in Devil Wears Prada… these pieces are just magic.” While stores are driven to buy pieces that sell, Albright is interested in something else. “I’m lucky enough to be able to shop with my daughter, go to Paris four times a year,” Albright said. “I buy just like the department stores do except that I’m coming from a different eye… I’m looking for the more avant-garde things... The one shot deal.” Albright often has looks for the upcoming season in stock even before department stores do, as well as archives of classic pieces from Chanel to Dior to Gucci. “I know every single item in the showroom even though everything is barcoded," she says. Daily rental prices range from $500- $1,000.    “A lot of people showcase who they are with their clothing, with the way they dress, the way they style themselves. It’s one way of showing your individuality,” Albright insisted when asked about the importance of offering access to new fashion. “Sadly if that’s gone we’ll all be wearing black dresses.” She doesn’t just want to give people clothing to wear. It’s all about making standout, original choices. “I like artists to be magicians, for fashion to be magic, to make the moment be magic. I like when somebody feels really, really good when they walk through a room.” 
 Veronica S. Beard and Veronica M. Beard, the sister-in-laws and masterminds behind, well, Veronica Beard, launched in 2010 with the fan-favorite Dickey Jacket and built a legion of fans pining for Veronica Beard's polished, feminine tailoring and whimsical dresses. But even with a growing fanbase, Veronica Beard's collections weren't accessible to women of different shapes and sizes—until now.  The journey to extending sizes is a personal one for the designing duo. After Veronica Swanson's mother and cousin had a difficult time finding Veronica Beard clothing that fit them, the sister in laws knew it was time to bring their brand to a whole new population.  "Veronica Beard is a sisterhood. When we started the brand, we set out to fill a void in the market to design clothing for all women who have all these demands, but we realized over time that we weren't reaching women like Veronica's mother and her cousin who could never fit a Dickey jacket," Veronica Miele told ELLE.com. "It was staring us in the face that we needed to make an offering for all women and not just women of a certain size." The Beard sisters didn't want to dive into a new market uninformed, and enlisted the help of Kedic, a female-led company that serves as the middleman between designers and factories to help bring each client's dreams to life. "We're very good about our research here. When we launched jeans a year ago, we educated ourselves on jeans for a year and we did the same thing with extended sizing. We worked with Kedic to consultant us on fit and sizes in the plus market," Veronica Miele said. While Kedic help the sisters understand the behind-the-scenes process of producing extended sizing, it was blogger and founder Katie Sturino who helped the Beards understand the women who were overlooked in the fashion market for so long.  Sturino' landed on the Beards' radar after posting her fan-favorite series #MakeMySize, in which tries on clothing in-store from brands and posts the hashtag to push brands to create more inclusive sizing. "I wanted to wear everything in that store and the fitting room curtains were leopard. This is the largest blazer they made and it was tight in the arms and I don’t think anything else in the store would fit me," Sturino wrote last October, "BUT the sales associate said they are looking to expand their range and handled it really well!"    Big #MakeMySize Day! Stay with me here: Shot 1: from @sandroparis That is a dress. I can’t even put my arms down to take the photo. When I told the sales associate that nothing in the store really fits me (other than an oversized style Kermit the frog sweater) they said “Not true, we make a BEAUTIFUL CAPE”🤦🏻‍♀️ Shot 2: from @equipmentfr whose prints I adore and whose shirts never button over my boobs. They stop in a Large in most styles.  Shot 3: @mansurgavriel The store is BEAUTIFUL and I love their aesthetic but these are the size 42s on my Wide size 12 feet! They are so cute and I want them!  Shot 4: @veronicabeard I wanted to wear everything in that store and the fitting room curtains were leopard. This is the largest blazer they made and it was tight in the arms and I don’t think anything else in the store would fit me BUT the sales associate said they are looking to expand their range and handled it really well! Tell me your experiences below! #makemysize A post shared by  Katie Sturino (@katiesturino) on Oct 13, 2018 at 3:26pm PDT "This was an aha moment for us where we knew we had to launch new sizes," Veronica Swanson said. "She was on board and told us what works and what doesn't work in the market."  Sturino's shopping experience also prompted the sisters to ensure extended sizing will be accessible in-store. "We always hear that women can't try on extended sizes in-store because they aren't available there so they ended up buying clothes that don't fit well," Veronica Miele continued. "So we studied the customer experience. It's not about the marketing, it's about servicing customers in-person and online in the right way. Body types are all different. You can be 6 feet tall and be a size 12." The latest batch of extended sizes will debut tonight at the Veronica Beard fall 2019 presentation: The new sizes will be reflected in the Beverly Flare style, sweaters, scuba Dickey jackets in select styles and leggings. The brand plans to expand sizes throughout the forthcoming seasons. Shop Veronica Beard's new collection below.  
 The 2019 Grammys ceremony was only the beginning of the night for some stars. After the award show ended, numerous after parties started around Los Angeles to celebrate all the honorees. Here, what Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and more wore to the bashes, along with all the new celebs who showed up at them.  At Mark Ronson’s ‘Club Heartbreak’ Grammy Party in Los Angeles on Sunday. At Mark Ronson’s ‘Club Heartbreak’ Grammy Party in Los Angeles on Sunday. At Mark Ronson’s ‘Club Heartbreak’ Grammy Party in Los Angeles on Sunday. At Mark Ronson’s ‘Club Heartbreak’ Grammy Party in Los Angeles on Sunday. In Ermenegildo Zegna XXX at the Republic Records Grammys after party in Los Angeles on Sunday. At the Republic Records Grammy after party in Beverly Hills on Sunday. At the Republic Records Grammy after party in Beverly Hills on Sunday. At the Universal Music Group Grammy After Party after party in Los Angeles on Sunday.  In Ermenegildo Zegna XXX at the Universal Music Group Grammy After Party after party in Los Angeles on Sunday.  At the Universal Music Group Grammy After Party after party in Los Angeles on Sunday.  At the Universal Music Group Grammy After Party after party in Los Angeles on Sunday.  At the Universal Music Group Grammy After Party after party in Los Angeles on Sunday.  At the Universal Music Group Grammy After Party after party in Los Angeles on Sunday.  At Steven Tyler's GRAMMY Awards after party in Los Angeles on Sunday.  At Steven Tyler's GRAMMY Awards after party in Los Angeles on Sunday.  At the Universal Music Group Grammy After Party after party in Los Angeles on Sunday.  At the Republic Records Grammy after party in Beverly Hills on Sunday. At the Republic Records Grammy after party in Beverly Hills on Sunday. At the Universal Music Group Grammy After Party after party in Los Angeles on Sunday. At the Republic Records Grammy after party in Beverly Hills on Sunday. At the Republic Records Grammy after party in Beverly Hills on Sunday.
 Is "happy Monday" an oxymoron? Definitely before coffee. And probably before scrolling down. You'll see a roundup of yesterday's Fashion Week wins, including a literal truckload of crystals, a puffy coat for party dresses, and also Batman.    “My son had a soccer tournament yesterday,” said Rebecca Minkoff backstage at her show. “So I took an hourlong cab ride from my studio to his game, then back because we were still doing model fittings.” The designer’s get-it-done approach to her busiest times was evident in the show, where model / influencers like Iskra Lawrence and Sami Miro toted two and sometimes three bags at a time. For women who wear many hats—boss, parent, sister, mom, activist, binge watcher, and everything in between—carrying many accessories is just part of the plan.  BTW—Minkoff’s moving towards more sustainable materials like cotton, and you can trace their sources on her website. A post shared by FASHION TO MAX (@fashiontomax) on Feb 10, 2019 at 4:31pm PST So you think you want to be famous? Watch this video of Bella Thorne with the sound on, and see if you could mitigate the stress of simply smiling for the camera. I need a Zoloft just pressing “play.” Thorne looks good in anything, and so does model Taylor Hill—but her turquoise tie-dye turtleneck (also seen on Ashley Graham) would be a touchdown for layering under a silk dress or a navy blue blazer.   Whimsically Fantastically Romantic.  @deveauxnewyork. Bravo @tommyton, BRAVO! A post shared by  Simon Golby (@s.golby) on Feb 10, 2019 at 9:20am PST Don’t mind me, I’m just a weepy puddle after Deveaux’s profound presentation, where mostly-older models walked in circles holding hands... or looking lost without a partner. People who know better than I do say the clothes were super, too. I’ll have to take their word for it, because I can’t see through the tears.     @deveauxnewyork  A radiant @tommyton post show - and rightfully so - the collection was so considerate with elegant tailoring and ease. The casting by @thesecretgallery was sublime and so full of character. A post shared by  KBK. ✨kim bui kollar✨ (@aka.kimbui) on Feb 10, 2019 at 9:10am PST  If the Instagram “like” heart were a fashion brand, it would probably be Mansur Gavriel. Validating, friendly, and deceptively simple, the MG offerings are beautifully made, temptingly colored, and a cool-girl language all their own. What’s interesting, then, is the brand’s introduction of logo bags, which shift the label’s tone from in-the-know to ride-or-die. We’ll gladly go there, but dibs on the subtler accordion bags, too.  Is there a more gratifying trend than printed puffers and matching dresses? For those of us racing to shows in 20-degree winds, the answer is certainly no. Tory Burch made the prep school staple into evening wear, and a grateful (if freezing) fashion world thanks her.  Also, behold Mindy Kaling, a sparkling woman in a show-stopping look. We don't have a Best Dressed Award as part of this column, but let's make an exception: Mindy, you win. Someday we’ll find it, the rainbow connection. Until then we’ve got Tibi’s Muppet color wheel, with Kermit green and Gonzo blue delightfully fused through fabric. It wasn’t so much a #mood as simply a good mood, though don’t tell that to the cranky catwalk photographers who definitely need a nap. Dudes, stop shouting at the models or we’ll unleash the wrath of Miss Piggy on you! Here are a reported 3 million Swarovski crystals on the floor of the Sies Marjan show. Also, here is my jaw on the floor at the Sies Marjan show. The clothes were the color of Laffy Taffy wrappers, with serpentine textures and sculptural shapes. He even made another winning trench… just in case Net-a-Porter’s hologram coat isn’t left in your size.  The pink-on-pink partywear was dreamy, but perhaps most memorable was an acid green dress that looked like Batman’s vegan siren, Poison Ivy. Don’t @ me, you see it too.
 Don't let a downpour get you, well, down. Make like Winnie Harlow and suit up in slick plastic and water-resistant pieces that'll keep you dry, whatever the forecast.  This article originally appeared in the March 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE Hair by Hos Hounkpatin; makeup by Virginia Young at Statement Artists; manicure by Ada Yeung for Chanel; casting by Richard Blandino; model: Winnie Harlow represented by The Society; set design by Donnie Myers at De Facto Inc.; on-set production by Wojtek Szaulinski;Video: Nikolai Kokanovic/Michal Rzepecki.
  Music's biggest night of the year, the Grammys, has started in Los Angeles. As in years past, stars have brought their best statement gowns and suits to the red carpet. Here, what everyone from Miley Cyrus to Lady Gaga have worn to the ceremony. In Giambattista Valli in Ralph & Russo  In custom Cheng-Huai Chuang In Celine and Tiffany & Co. jewels.  In vintage Theirry Mugler (Fall '95) In Ralph and Russo in Balmain and Malone Souliers shoes In Kaimin and Christian Louboutin shoes  In Ralph & Russo  In Vitor Zerbinato and Sergio Rossi In Afffair  In Elie Madi  In Balmain In Jenny Packham In Versace couture In Roberto Cavalli Couture In J. Mendel In Mugler In Jean Paul Gaultier  In Stephane Rolland and Lorraine Schwartz jewels In Monsoori In SSS World Corp. In Dior Keys in Bulgari jewels and Aquazzura shoes
  Over in London, the BAFTAs have begun; it's the last big award show before the Oscars in Los Angeles. And with actual royalty in attendance—Kate Middleton and Prince William, namely—celebs have dressed to the nines for the formal event. Here, all the exquisite gowns and glam dresses stars like Regina King and Margot Robbie wore on the red carpet.
 Hemlines! Hot wings! Here we go! So much happened on yesterday’s catwalks that we had to take an inventory. What moved us? What made us want to shop again? And what flavor chicken wings was Bella Hadid eating at Brandon Maxwell? The questions are endless, but thankfully, the runways end at 9pm. Here’s everything that happened before then… The Basics: So pretty. So polished. So perfectly made for women who are finally ready to embrace their outer beauty. When Maxwell took his mother along for his final bow, she cried, we cried… then we promptly called our moms post-show.   The Bonus: Wingstop sponsored the show, and everyone—editors, buyers, publicisits—had hot wings before the runway began. As for models like Bella Hadid? They got their own stash backstage! The Basics: It was 20 degrees in New York, and Simkhai came prepared. The designer had printed puffer jackets with matching party dresses, and cozy wool trousers layered under silk gowns. In the era of extreme climate, dressing for warmth often feels like a chore, but not this time. The Bonus: Under the guidance of hair legend Odile Gilbert, TRESemmé stylists made super-loose, super-low ponytails that split down the middle and draped across the models’ shoulders. It was kind of like pigtails, but modern and cool and not about Nabokov. Thank goodness.  The Basics: The art school supernovas made their usual quota of quirk—yes, that was a shirt made from car seat beads—but also had some rather conventional hits on their hands, including a pale blue dress that was pretty-pretty-pretty. They’ve already conquered The Whitney Museum; do they want to win Bergdorf Goodman next? The Bonus: In perhaps the most genius collab since Christopher Kane x Crocs, the brand has paired with UGG to make some heavenly shearling slides and heels.  The Basics: Several seasons back, Self-Portrait's peek-a-boo shoulders started a trend that—for better or worse—still won’t quit. For Fall, they’ve upped that game with asymmetrical poufs that recall ‘80s couture and also pirates. As seen on model Hanne Gaby Odiele, it’s a good look for a bold babe.  The Bonus: For true fashion nerds, there were some nods to Prada Spring ‘08 in this collection. I couldn’t afford it back then, but now? Net-a-Porter, sign me up! The Basics: With metallic fabrics and sharp-angled skirts, much of this collection looked like space age couture. (Ashley Graham in the hooded constellation gown, we’re looking at you.) But then came a series of perfectly-cut black gowns that were more Princess Grace than Princess Leia, and a girl-power theme emerged: you can look like whatever female force you want, and still rule the world. The Bonus: Why yes, those are tiny gemstones on each of the models’ faces, part of the beauty look by Maybelline’s Erin Parsons! The Basics: In college, certain style tribes wielded their Longchamp pliage bags (procured abroad in France) as a kind of social passport. This season, it’s pushing for broader youth culture cred with logo leggings, cross-body bags, and Kaia Gerber on the catwalk.   The Bonus: Here is Kate Moss, 45, walking into Longchamp as if it’s her own personal ad campaign. (It basically is, though.) The Basics: If like me, you are 35-45 years old, you dressed like this in high school but without the Japanese denim and premium cashmere. Now teen models are wearing my memories via R13, right down to the scuffed floral combat boots and Sharpie-drawn sneakers. The thing is, even on days when I don’t believe in love, I’ll always believe in a giant leopard-print sweater. The Bonus: Several models had FUCK TRUMP scrolled across their sneakers. Will they sell fastest at the Barneys in Washington DC?
 The things we see on the runway dictate the trends we'll wear in the future, so start taking notes on the biggest accessories of 2019. Tom Ford brought back bucket hats, and they're bigger than ever. We're also seeing the return of bangle stacks courtesy of Ulla Johnson and an affirmation that statement earrings aren't going anywhere. Ahead, our picks of the best accessories seen at New York Fashion Week.
 Katie Grand is an all-powerful fashion stylist, but she falls down Instagram scroll-holes just like the rest of us. And this is how she discovered Tomo Koizumi, a Tokyo-based designer whose signature style is defined by gowns, cocktail dresses, bodysuits and jackets done in exploding rainbow ruffles. She brought him to New York Fashion Week with the kind of A-list casting that only she can summon (Rowan Blanchard to open, Gwendoline Christie to close, Bella Hadid, Joan Smalls, etc.,), enlisted the best hair and makeup teams (Guido Palau and Pat McGrath), and staged the show at her friend Marc Jacobs' store (he provided the kitten heels and the t-shirt, too). It was standing room only, with editors crouched under stairs to get a glimpse of of the candy confections, erupting in cheers and whoops for Gwendoline Christie's finale look (it had a train that required minders). The New York Fashion Week crowd seemed desperate for something new and different and statement-making, and glommed onto the opportunity: Finally! Fashion! Still, though, wouldn't it be nice if all the stops were pulled out to celebrate a new and unknown American talent? 
 From Bella Throne to Ansel Elgort. New York Fashion Week's fall/winter 2019 shows have celebrities pulling out all the stops when it comes to fashion and beauty. Here, what the celebs sitting front row are wearing stage-side. At 11 Honore At Noon by Noor At Elie Tahari At Rodarte At Badgley Mischka At Pamella Roland At Pamella Roland At Tom Ford At Tom Ford At Tory Burch At Prabal Gurung At Mark Gong At Tory Burch At John Elliott At Carolina Herrera At John Elliott At Brandon Maxwell At Brandon Maxwell At ADEAM At Self-Portrait  At Prabal Gurung At LaQuan Smith
 Done right, Saturday morning is basically just bliss with a side of bagels. And during New York Fashion Week, a new brunch dish emerges among the avocado bowls and crispy bacon: style roundups with lip-smacking looks to really sink your teeth into. Scroll down to see what’s on the menu at NYFW: Day Three.  Jeremy Scott taunts tabloid culture with a Wham! Pow! of newspaper graphics and shock tactics. (A party dress that says “PSYCHO!” across the front? Sold.) With over 200k Swarovski crystals and illustrations by the activist artist Aleksandra Mir, the collection is a steady stream of shock and awe, and a sly slice of clickbait for an industry that thrives on its throes. As the headlines say: KILLER! “I don’t think being a designer of more makes your clothes any better,” says Carly Cushnie backstage at her second solo show. “I’d rather focus on making my own line amazing, and working with a team I love and trust” than vie for a spot as a legacy house’s creative director. That’s totally cool, but if she ever changes her mind, Cushnie’s skin-slitted velvet and hammered silk dresses could put her on the shortlist for Versace’s next wave. Just saying. Tomo Koizumi makes a wise move by opening his show with Rowan Blanchard and closing with Gwendolyn Christie. It takes a real actress to bring his rainbow froths to life, and those two add drama and gravity to his dreamy pastel poufs. Other Sno Cone show ponies include Joan Smalls, Gigi Hadid, and Emily Ratajkowski, whose all-white swish of a dress looks like bubbles from a bath. (You know, like this.) Hellessy turns Red Riding Hood from a childhood fable into a fashion fantasy with the legendary ‘70s supermodel Pat Cleveland in a scarlet linen dress and sequin siren pants. Sorry, big bad wolves—you’ll never get this many howls. I wish my insurance covered Victor Glemaud cashmere as much as they do Zoloft. With sun-soaked colors and joyfully fuzzy feels, these coveted knits have the potential to boost happiness levels without a prescription.  Brock Collection’s collection edges right up to Felicity Merriman’s colonial dream dresses. As a rebellious American Girl myself, I swooned. Also, check out these shoes.
 Each New York Fashion Week marathon gives us a good idea of what the upcoming season's biggest trends will be. At Ulla Johnson, handcrafted crochet materials seem to have a promising future, while Tom Ford took the '90s bucket hat and super-sized it for a luxe, modern-day feel. But if Chromat has its way, this season's hottest trend will be sustainability.  Last night, designer Becca McCharen-Tran presented her "Climatic" collection, which drew inspiration from the balmy city of Miami, where designer McCharen-Tran lives, and the pollution and waste that have soiled the oceans. While waiting for the show to start, I skimmed through Chromat's show pamphlet which gave show goers something to think about. Questions like, "How important is eco sustainability and/or environmentalism in what you buy?" and "Do you think sustainability and environmentalism as a brand is white-washed?" appeared in the pages, alongside glossy photos of the new collection.   Living in Miami has made McCharen-Tran "interested in climate change and global warming and how we (as part of the fashion industry) are contributing to environmental devastation," she said in the pamphlet. The result? A show celebrating Earth's beauty while also highlighting the environmental disasters plaguing the world today.  The future is inclusive, empowering and sustainable. ♥️#ChromatSWIM is made w sustainable, regenerated nylon spun from fishing nets recovered from the world’s oceans. 🌎Learn more & see our new campaign by @anastasiagphoto w @br0nz3_g0dd3ss:https://t.co/X1XTKzs4ok pic.twitter.com/xQuo208BJC Featuring a diverse cast of various races and all shapes and sizes, models were draped in bright swimwear made of sustainable lycra, discarded fishing nets, and up-cycled fabrics that will make you look good while doing good for the environment. Models in cut-out underboob bikinis and monokinis, "Babeguard" merch, and shiny cover-ups carried palm leaves and tropical flowers as accessories, a celebration of the beauty produced when Earth is cared for properly. Kien Hoang, lead hairstylist and Oribe director of content, secured the ends of the models' hair with either a flower or recycled plastic bottle caps.   Perhaps the most striking moment of the show, though, was the sneaky transition from vibrant flora and vegetation as accessories to plastic caps and bottles, signaling the growing problem of plastic waste polluting the ocean. Model Diandra Forrest walked down the runway with a large water jug and Maya Monés closed out the show in a shiny fuchsia number adorned with a black fishing net as a train. On the last page of the Chromat show notes, guests were invited to "travel to the edge of a dying world" on December 6, 2040, but not without warning: a decrease in oxygen levels, an increase in sea rise level, and a 27 percent population decrease. Is this where our world is heading? Vibrant, Miami-inspired swimwear aside, Chromat's show was a call for immediate action to protect our environment. Will fashion brands answer?
 The designer talks fashion and #MeToo. If this were a magazine spread, the title would blare something nuts like “YES SHUI CAN!” and picture Kim Shui looking very cool, very capable, and wrapped in a yellow snakeskin jacket. The texture is one of her signatures, and helped make the 28-year-old's brand into a street style must-shoot, not to mention a go-to label for celebrities like Cardi B. and Solange. (Curiously—or maybe not—yellow snakeskin has already surfaced at Kate Spade New York, Lisa Perry, and Maryam Nassir Zadeh, and we’re only two days into NYFW.)  “We do most of our leather work in Italy,” says Shui from her Canal Street studio, which makes sense since she grew up in Rome. (Shui also speaks Mandarin, thanks to her parents.) “Having a native understanding of the language and culture, makes being a designer—especially a young one—a lot easier.” Shui also has a degree in economics from Duke University, which she cites as “super helpful” for running a fledgling brand.  “Although if I’d really listened to my professors, I don’t know!” she laughs. “Everyone says running your own business is the hardest thing you’ll ever do. But I had to do it.”   After Duke it was off to Central Saint Marten’s for an MFA in fashion design, followed by stints at avant-garde label ThreeAsFour and Christian Siriano’s patterns department. The whole time, Shui was creating her own capsule collection on nights and weekends, which she submitted to VFiles in 2016. She was chosen as a featured designer; three minutes before her big runway debut, she peeked at the front row and saw someone familiar wearing her dress: Kylie Jenner. “I had no idea,” says Shui, who’s mastered the Millennial art of making news sound like no big deal. “They just said some VIPs were coming, and maybe one would wear something we made. That’s it. Then I look out on the [backstage] monitor and it’s Kylie. I thought, ‘Oh. Okay. This might change some things.’ It did. “I definitely think I got contacted a lot because of that opportunity,” Shui confirms. “The Kylie Effect is real. But the show itself, that was the most helpful in terms of letting the fashion industry know I was a brand.” Soon, Shui found herself managing production, cash flow, and branding at the age of 25. “Thank goodness I majored in economics,” she sighs. “It’s really helped. But a lot of working in the fashion world is learning along the way.” One major lesson: bright colors and bold patterns get more Instagram engagement, which in turn leads to celebrity fans. “A lot of stylists reach out to me because of something we post online. A lot of artists do, too—before the Grammy's, I got DM’d by Kali Uchis to wear my stuff. Also, almost 100 percent of the people on our website got there from Instagram. So they’re buying the signature pieces with the prints and the colors.” Those prints and colors continue on Shui’s Fall 2019 runway, which she describes with a question: “How do my Italian and Chinese backgrounds go together in my life? And does living in America make it any different?” She’s answering her question with tons of mash-ups—think a silk dress that’s been sliced open as a jacket and lined with fuzz, or snakeskin and camouflage panels sewn together with denim.    Silk Leopard mini dress with lime green piping available now 🐾 A post shared by  KIM SHUI (@kimshuistudio) on Jan 17, 2019 at 2:40pm PST Also: some sex appeal, another Instagram home run. “There’s a lot of sexy fashion on Instagram,” Shui admits. “But there’s less and less designed by women on the runway. I just read something about how the prairie dress is a female response to #MeToo. Really? I don’t know. I’d like to give women the option to cover up or be sexy and show more skin, even with one outfit. I don’t think you should have to choose. And sometimes I think female designers need a reminder that being sexy isn’t wrong.” Kylie Jenner—and her Kim Shui dress—approve this message.
 To speak Bulgari is to be well versed in the brand’s molto Romani articulated Serpenti and Monete (“coin”) collections. New to the lexicon is the Fiorever range. The house’s first new jewelry launch in four years takes its name from fiore (Italian for “flower”) and forever. Its four-petal design symbolizes the Romans’ passion for life and is inspired by decorative elements that can be found in Rome’s Palazzo Massimo and Villa di Livia. To showcase Fiorever’s global appeal, the house tapped Spanish actress Úrsula Corberó, star of the Netflix series Money Heist, as its face. And the recently opened Bulgari Resort Dubai hosted the collection’s grand debut. There, on an island carved into the shape of a seahorse on a man-made bay, Corberó joined fellow brand ambassadors Lady Kitty Spencer and Nadine Nassib Njeim—and, of course, Bulgari CEO Jean-Christophe Babin, who explained: “The Fiorever woman follows her instinct and never compromises.” This article originally appeared in the February 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Bella Hadid, Marilyn Monroe, the Princess Bride, and video games. There, done. There's a famous Jewish proverb that says "you can't dance at all weddings." Even far from Mother Russia, that's still true... though at least now, you can scroll through them on Instagram while sprawled on the couch.  The same is true for New York Fashion Week, though in the past day alone, there have been over 10k posts about it.  Before the scrolling starts, see the best bits from New York Fashion Week, Day 2. Then perhaps take a break from screens altogether and do some actual dancing. It is Friday, after all... Jonathan Cohen’s official runway debut was a delightful binge of prints and patterns. With floral embroidery created by female artisans in his native Mexico, Cohen’s trippy layers bloomed large and loud… just like the massive bouquets at the end of his catwalk.  A post shared by NET-A-PORTER (@netaporter) on Feb 7, 2019 at 7:19pm PST Until Phoebe Philo comes back, can we get more Cate Holstein? The California native is damn good at what she does, and what she does is make clothes we all want. (So simple. So hard.) This season brought us billowing Shakespeare sleeves and sheer swashbuckle dresses that channeled Buttercup's great escape in The Princess Bride. (If you don’t get the film reference, stop everything, watch this, and thank me later.)   Gentlemen Prefer Blondes…but Ralph Lauren prefers Bella Hadid. Here’s the supermodel in a revamp of Marilyn Monroe’s iconic gold lamé dress from the movie. Originally created by Hollywood designer Travilla, it’s a show stopper for sure.  Hydrate. AW19 Low Carbon Diet Photo @sorayatzaman  Styled @heathermaryjackson  Hair @evohair  Make up @shiseido  Shoes @hokaoneone  Reuseable @4ocean Venue @thenewstand A post shared by  Collina Strada (@collinastrada) on Feb 7, 2019 at 2:26pm PST Yesterday, Rachel Comey sent actual yoga pros down the catwalk in Srivasana-ready knits. Today, Collina Strada showed a collection made with 70% dead stock fabric, a narrator discussing ocean clean-ups over a microphone, and the clever theme "Low Carbon Diet."  She also paired her Phish-friendly tie dye with water bottles, thermoses, and compostable cups of herbal tea.  Collina Strada boasted model Hartje Andresen and her baby on the runway together. Meanwhile at Elie Tahari, college student Sailor Brinkley Cook gave her mom Christie Brinkley a high-five as she closed the show in a suit of forest green. Today on Coat Hunters™, a cinched scarlet trench the color of rare steak, and just as crave-worthy. Wow.  Miu Miu made a video game to celebrate their new scent, Miu Miu Twist. It’s in the style of ‘80s arcade classics, and features a 16-bit Elle Fanning trying to party with her cat on the moon. (What, like the Pac-Man plot made any sense?) Click here to play.
 One of the standout looks from Tom Ford's fall 2019 collection was deep, red and monochromatic: a red velvet blazer, maroon bodysuit, shiny silk cuffed suit pants, and velvet peep-toe platforms.  Sure, part of the reason the look stood out was because it was modeled by ELLE's March cover star Gigi Hadid, arguable one of the most famous models working today.  But it was also because the look felt like an obvious nod to one of Ford's most iconic look from his influential years at Gucci: the red velvet suit from his 1996 fall collection.  It was memorably worn by Gwyneth Paltrow at the MTV Video Music Awards and pinned to countless mood boards for years to come.  There has been a resurgence of '90s trends in fashion lately. With just one runway look, Ford reminded everyone that he's where it all started.
 Loitering around the mall food court will always hold a special place in our hearts, but online shopping has literally everything. Admit it, you can't beat at-home bra fittings and discovering indie brands from across the globe, all from the comfort of your couch. But with so many sites popping up, online shopping can be overwhelming. So we did you favor and narrowed it down to our top 51 sites. Click through our massive roundup of the best online shopping experiences, here.  We grew up with Nordstrom and over the years it's gone from your usual department store, to something so much more (and cooler!) Under the creative direction of Olivia Kim, they also have curated pop-up shops promoting newbie designers and home goods. SHOP NORDSTROM One of the best fashion brands on the market, Everlane is sustainably focused, creates quality, on-trend products, and are only sold direct-to-consumer, keeping costs down.  SHOP EVERLANE When Net-A-Porter launched in 2000, it filled a void of online designer shopping. It's only gotten bigger and better since then, with same-day delivery, exclusive capsule collections, and more.  SHOP NET-A-PORTER Looking for jeans? Try & Other Stories. Want a new dress? & Other Stories. Scheming for leather OTK boots that don't cost as much as your rent? & Other Stories. In other words, we love this site.  SHOP & OTHER STORIES  ASOS is a mega, mega e-retailer with so many affordable products it can be a little overwhelming. But their shipping is crazy fast and returns are easy, plus you can use our guide to help you navigate it. SHOP ASOS  Mango's online store is great for those who don't live near their brick and mortars.  SHOP MANGO Not only does Moda Operandi promote indie designers via digital trunk shows, you can also pre-order from collections immediately after they walk the runway.  SHOP MODA OPERANDI The Outnet is our favorite destination for clearance rack goods, without having to dig through an actual rack. Keep an eye out for major sales offering an additional percentage off already slashed prices. SHOP THE OUTNET Madewell has everything, and their site has even more. Shop their selection of hair accessories, which is alway sold-out in stores.   SHOP MADEWELL Urban Outfitters IRL can be a stressful experience, so shopping on their site is a welcome relief. Their online store also has even more products not sold in stores, including a sneaky-chic home section.  SHOP URBAN OUTFITTERS J.Crew is different from store to store, but they offer EVERYTHING online.  SHOP J.CREW For indie brands, look to Garmentory, which features new designers you've never even heard of. You'll be the cool friend in know.  SHOP GARMENTORY The SF-based brand has a tight edit of products on their site, and you're going to want it all. Think cutesy clothes, quirky hair accessories, and burgeoning brands.  SHOP LISA SAYS GAH Tictail is like Etsy, but with people who maybe went to design school.  SHOP TICTAIL  Spring combines all your favorite shopping sites—like Barney's, Nike, and more—into one convenient place.  SHOP SPRING Looking for sexy lingerie? Journelle is your one-stop shop for boudoir looks from smaller designers beyond your usual bra brands.  SHOP JOURNELLE This Florence-based company offers your favorite high-end designers, but also gives a platform to up-and-coming Italian brands too.  SHOP LUISAVIAROMA Totokaelo's Lower East Side shop feels  like you're standing inside of a clothing-filled spa, and their online site is equally as soothing. Shop their roster of avant garde designers like Comme des Garcons and Maison Margiela.  SHOP TOTOKAELO We prefer H&M's site over shopping it in person, because the options are endless. Don't sleep on their home section too, which is rarely sold in stores.   SHOP H&M Cos is H&M's cool, arthouse sister. They offer Scandinavian designs like architectural tent dresses, sculptural bags, and quality accessories.  SHOP COS Shopping the website makes it significantly easier to track down those patent leather boots you've so desperately been hunting for.   SHOP TOPSHOP If your aesthetic is a mix of American Heritage, Japanese quality and Parisienne apathy, La Garconne is for you.  SHOP LA GARCONNE If you love buying designer clothes from both the men's and women's section, Ssense is perfect (And it's pronounced like "essence," btw).  SHOP SSENSE  Opening Ceremony is the spot for finding designers from around the world, hence their name referencing the Olympic event. They also highlight brands on the rise and feature exclusive designer collabs sold only at OC.   SHOP OPENING CEREMONY Zara's online site is more robust than their physical locations, making a dress you spot on the local It-Girl all the easier to instantly own.  SHOP ZARA Cardi B claims Fashion Nova makes the best jeans, and ELLE.com agrees. They're also a go-to spot for that going out dress you might just wear once.  SHOP FASHION NOVA Leave it to the Canadians to make really great winter coats—and Aritzia's puffers are some of the warmest. Shop their robust size-run online.  SHOP ARITZIA You: "Oh these? I got them at Target," because Target's in-house brands are amazing. Our current fave is Wild Fable featuring super chic accessories.  SHOP TARGET 24 Sevres offers one thing no other site has: Céline e-commerce.  SHOP 24 SEVRES Rouje is direct to consumer and only sold online, so you can't miss it. Make sure to act fast, because their Selena Gomez-loved dresses are known to sell out.  SHOP ROUJE
 These clothes spark joy... and won't waste your time. Earlier this month, London writer Dal Chodha tweeted, "Marie Kondo needs to look at the Fashion Week schedules stat."  He was so right. With over 100 shows, presentations, and events over the course of just seven days, there’s a lot to conquer during New York Fashion Week.  But that's why we’re ready to adapt Kondo's methods, sure to quell the panic and replace it with neatly folded packets of need-to-know style stories, one day at a time. Scroll through, screenshot your favorite moments, then move on with the rest of your day. (It's going to be a great one. I can feel it!)   Apologies to everyone on the 10 pm F train, because that’s where I was when I saw these catwalk photos and screamed, “Oh, f—yes!”  From the chain link goddess gowns on Binx Walton and Caroline Trentini to the recurring—and seriously underrated—combination of navy blue + black, this was a satiny deep dive into how to look luscious.  And if some of the dudes looked a little (or a lot) like Jude Law in Alfie? Whatever. Just like Mr. Ford, that movie’s a modern classic.  Kate and Laura Mulleavy cited classic movie dancers like Cyd Charisse and Ginger Rogers as inspiration, but the massive garden hats and puffy sleeves were totally Troop Beverly Hills—a reference that got extra oomph from the movie’s star, Jenny Lewis, in attendance.  Also there: free bottles of rosé from JNSQ, a show sponsor and also proof that fashion’s favorite drink isn’t a one-season trend. Never mind that front row guests like Rowan Blanchard, Elsie Fisher, Mackenzie Foy, and Maddie Ziegler can’t legally drink for another 3 to 6 years—Frothy couture is ageless (and great).   Pretties in the lineup #rcfw19 A post shared by  Rachel Comey (@rachelcomey) on Feb 6, 2019 at 12:31pm PST Has “yoga teacher chic” replaced “dad fad” on fashion people’s mood boards? Rachel Comey said “sure” with an invigorating flow of color-blocked wools and pastel quilted separates that bridged the gap between Laurel Canyon yoga madams and Brooklyn herbal healing queens. The cast included many (gorgeous, accomplished) women over forty, including actual yoga pro Alex Auder and wellness healer Walda Laurenceau.  In case you missed it on social media, the actress and activist Laverne Cox closed the plus-sized designer show and also #shutitdown in a ballgown the color of ambulance flashes. It was gorgeous; it was fun; it should happen tomorrow, too. Ms. Cox, can we get an encore? When Victoria Beckham stepped out last year in a striking orange-and-blue combination from her own flawless line, we thought she might be the only one chic enough to really rock it. Nope. Witness Tess Holliday in a Mara Hoffman dress and a Sally LaPointe trench, looking so very 🙌. Take my dreams, turn them into yarn, and make something. This is basically it. Yay. 
 Proenza Schouler's PS1. Alexander Wang's Rocco. Chloe's Paddington: All It-bags we've known and loved...and stuck in the back of a closet now that the allure has worn off. And while some It-styles do make a comeback—see Fendi's reissue of the Baguette and Dior's Insta-loved Saddle—most are long forgotten and buyers are moving on to something new.  What's in this season? We had three top fashion buyers answer this question and their responses are more practical than you think. Read on for a new excuse to buy the next big thing.   "There is a desire for handbags that offer function and convenience, and the belt-bag is ultimate in this category," says Elizabeth von der Goltz, global buying director of Net-A-Porter. The hands free trend has grown over the last few years, but it's establishing itself as a wardrobe staple. Lisa Aiken, fashion director at Moda Operandi agrees. "Essentially, the belt bag started out as a street style cool kid look and now it’s been elevated for a sophisticated audience. It has transcended from a youthful moment to offering chic practicality."  Beyond the belt bag, Shannon Schafer, senior fashion director at Nordstrom, says it's all about utility in general. "Belt bags, backpacks, and multi-pocketed silhouettes are trending," says the exec. "Utility bags offer comfort and style." Try the look by teaming a minimalist fanny over a sleek suit, or lean into the sporty aesthetic with nylon fabrics in retro colors.  All three buyers also agree that vintage-inspired bags are back. “Heritage classics return with structured silhouettes, flap shoulder bags, and tailored top handles," says Schafer. "Women are power dressing from head to toe and the tailored bag completes the look."  Von der Goltz approves of the top-handle too, noting Gabriela Hearst's sold-out Nina pioneered the trend. The structured silhouette "appeals to consumers with classic taste looking for a timeless handbag," she says. One way to get that '60s vibe is with textured leathers like stamped croc and python. "The style lends itself to the woman who likes investment pieces, but also to the person who is very trend driven," says Aiken.  And if you can't drop major cash for real python, it's okay. "Brands have also really mastered the technique so the faux fabrications are much more realistic," adds the fashion director.  For Aiken it's all about a technicolor play. "Colors like orange and lime green are having a real trend moment," says the industry pro. Designers like Fendi, Chanel, and others speckled their runway with bold bags in saturated hues. If anything, do it for the 'gram. "These colors are gaining a lot of traction on social media—it looks cool," she adds.  It might feel natural to reach for a rectangular handbag, but Schafer will convince you to think outside of the box—literally. “Shape shifters are emerging as the newest bag trend," she says. From circles to trapezes, this style is a whimsical take on the tailored bag. "Their exaggerated, novelty shapes in structured leather create lust-worthy art pieces." Her favorite brands include Cult Gaia, Mansur Gavriel, and Danse Lente.     "I wouldn’t say consumers are 'over' the straw trend, but there is definitely an evolution into a multi-functional bag," says von der Goltz. A style can seamlessly move from the boardwalk to the board room depending on its fabrication. "We have seen the demand for straw bags slowly decrease, with customers gravitating toward more elevated materials such as the woven leather detailing of TL180 and open work leather from Hereu."  
 "The thing is that evening bags are tricky and for so long we have been restricted with them being the only option," says Aiken. Instead, reach for acrylic clutches or slouchier styles like a drawstring bag.  According to all three buyers structure is in and slouchy is out. "With the resurgence of suits and blazers in fashion, women want a tailored bag to complete the look," says Schafer. The same goes for your favorite style, the crossbody. Kind of. "Crossbodies aren’t over, they are just becoming more polished," Schafer adds.  
 Though she's a fixture at runway shows, models for magazine covers, and stars in ad campaigns around the world, Gigi Hadid maintains she's an athlete before anything else. In fact, if things could've happened differently the former volleyball team captain would have pursued a volleyball career on a collegiate level and could've possibly gone pro. But life has a funny way of working out—and though she's not playing volleyball on a daily basis anymore, she did get to incorporate that part of her life into her new Reebok x Gigi Hadid clothing collection. "When I came to Reebok, I wanted the story very much to be about how being an athlete made me the person that I am today and gave me a work ethic and the drive to get here." Hadid explained. "I think that this [collection] is almost the story of my life. The athlete turned fashion [star]."  On the eve of her collection's launch, the model hosted an intimate volleyball game with students from Dream Charter School in Harlem New York and select editors to test out the new gear. Laced in her Gigi Hadid x Reebok black and white color-blocked leggings, matching bodysuit, a cropped t-shirt, and the multicolored Aztrek Double sneakers Hadid stepped on the court and showed she's much more than a pretty face. One spike in and it was clear Hadid wasn't playing any games.  Dropping today, the assortment is full of tracksuits, leggings, and swimwear inspired by silhouettes and colors from the '90s. And of course, a dad shoe or two.  "A lot of people are buying thousand dollar dad shoes and can't actually go to the gym in them, so I'm making the dad shoe that will actually support your foot and you can play anything in it or take them anywhere," says Hadid of the revamped Aztrek Double sneaker. For more, shop the entire Gigi Hadid x Reebok range below. 
 12 custom editions, 15 masterclasses, an exclusive video series, a one-year subscription, plus $25,000 worth of deals.  After three years of weddings on BAZAAR.com, we’ve seen some of the most incredible gowns and weddings on earth—from Haute Couture masterpieces in Paris to weeklong celebrations in India with celebrity performances. We have also seen what happens when Pinterest goes too far and trends take over: Basic, all-white weddings; tasteless bridesmaids dresses; stiff, uninspired wedding hair and makeup; and ill-fitting gowns are only a few of the missteps in the mix. But that won’t happen to you.  We have covered royal weddings and celebrity unions and styled endless fashion and beauty editorials. Now, BAZAAR has created a first-of-its-kind membership for brides planning the ultimate wedding—and for all lovers of all things weddings. Consider BAZAAR Bride your high-touch highlight reel of fashion, planning, decor, entertaining, and expert advice—no matter how long (or short) your engagement. Expect A-list ideas, stunning dresses and accessories, nonstop visual inspiration, and curated vendor and venue lists. In 12 weekly editions, which arrive directly to your inbox over the course of three months upon subscription, we'll share our secrets to styling, planning, and curating your wedding. In addition, expect weekly in-depth masterclasses from our Rolodex of the best in the business—like Monique Lhuillier's guide to dress shopping, how to plan the perfect honeymoon, and Daniel Martin's insider tips to looking as elegant and fresh as Meghan Markle.  Members will have access to 15 BAZAAR Breaks, which offer deals on products and experiences we know you’ll love: like $1,500 off a custom-designed stationery suite from Yonder Design, a friends and family perk on a Black Tomato honeymoon, and 15 percent off jewelry and fashion from Happy Isles, Armarium, Danielle Frankel, and so much more. For education from the industry's best, binge our members-only video series, aptly named By Invitation Only, which dives deep into fashion, floral design, and photography with Vera Wang, Putnam & Putnam, and John Dolan. In the BAZAAR Bride Ultimate Membership, subscribers will also unlock unlimited access to weddings on-site for one year.  Remember when commemorating an engagement meant buying the bride a stack of wedding magazines to flip through? This is that stack: elevated, curated, digital, and delightful. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 From Elvis to Alice In Wonderland, New York Fashion Week designers gave us glimpse at their upcoming FW19 collection. Click through to see what Oscar de la Renta, Christian Siriano, and more are inspired by this season, here.  "Tailored volume." "Independence manifested through inherent style." "FALL 19 is a trip. Literally. The collection evolved from looking at the boldness, experimentation, and individuality of dancers at 70's discotheques as well as the overall color and playfulness of their lives. Challenging that electric energy is an exercise in restraint, simplicity, and sensuality of the 90's and modern day woman. These are real clothes for chic women with a joie de vivre. Material highlights include- pearls! plaids, technical Japanese organza, mushroom stretch satin, cotton velvets, sequin layering pieces, and mesh." “Subverted elegance.” "The Fall 2019 collection is a mix of Western inspired prints paired on feminine silhouettes capturing an elevated, rustic feel." “This season, our collection was inspired by Tiffany glass and intricate stained-glass windows.”  "Tanya Taylor's Fall 2019 collection is inspired by the women who embody a creative outlook and colorful spirit through bold print and color." "This season, while living in Paris and discovering the city, I was inspired by my many visits to the Picasso museum and Musee’ d'Orsay. In particular, I loved Matisse’s painting of “Bouquet De Fleurs Dans La Chocolatière” found at the Picasso Museum. It has inspired the color palette for this fall collection, with its rich hues and unusual juxtaposition." “Two worlds colliding.” “Windy oceanside, winter days." “BOSS sponsors major exhibitions across the globe, and art is an integral part of our DNA. This season, a stop in the cultural hub of New York – specifically the gallery district in Chelsea, Manhattan – was the starting point for the design and curation of the new Fall/Winter collection.”  “The Fall 2019 collection is about a nomadic luxury while embracing the wanderlust spirit of the modern day woman with a wardrobe in a earth tone color palette than can take her anywhere.” "The inspiration for ADEAM Fall 2019 is 'Japanese folklore.' The collection focuses on the Ainu culture of Hokkaido, Japan, and explores the intricate handwork and vibrant color palette that is unique to the Ainu tradition." "Fall 2019 was inspired by the art nouveau era of Gustav Klimt and his use of jewel tones, especially his use of gold and copper color and his decorative, ornate style, which we translated into our fabrics and embellishments.” "This collection I was inspired by early mid 1900s.” “The women of New York City are the inspiration for this collection....freedom, individuality, and creativity in creating one’s personal style.” “Sobering flourishes.” "Wonder and beauty – A travelogue of Southeast Asia."  "The jeans were used as tailoring fabric. The trousers are high waisted and some have loops of lowered suspenders to give a tailored menswear appeal. "  "Celebrating 10 years, Bibhu Mohapatra's new collection honors the women who have inspired him, while looking to the future." "Fall 2019 is a nod to the dogs! While searching through vintage buttons, I stumbled upon an antique dog cameo and wondered what woman owned this cameo and why…thus a collection was born!” “The Spirit of the Woman.” "Laurence & Chico’s Fall/Winter 2019 is inspired by the designer duo’s recent trip to Thailand. Thai culture and cuisine are reflectedin the collection through the use of bold colors, intricate beading and embroidery. Silhouettes reflecting traditional Thai garments are reinterpreted with the Laurence & Chico touch of humor and whimsy." “The FW19 collection brings back some of the key elements of our brand with the ruch sandals and boots as well as the bamboo elements. It also welcomes new silhouettes that play with lace up details, paper thin elegant chains and beaded buckles. The color palette is muted, redefining neutrals with leopard print and a dusty rose patent.” “This season for Fall 2019 the collection was inspired by a trip to the future. A world where we live as a society in an outerspace land. A new culture floating in space with communities and a thriving social calendar. It would be a dream fantasy world created for people to escape to. The collection is filled with silver hammered silks, voluminous dresses, quilted jackets and oversized textured evening gowns. I wanted the collection to feel bold, powerful and strong but still feminine and beautiful.” "For me, women are the stars in the mind of her loved ones. I want my customers, my Cong Tri women to be able to dress and shine like Hollywood stars on the red carpet. I have set my heart on helping my women unveil their inner magnetism, thus the birth of this upcoming collection."  “Elusive sophistication.”    “Our Fall 2019 collection is inspired by the versatility of classic American workwear and its connection to New York City’s beat scene and music/fashion subcultures of the late ’60s. We wanted to infuse a sense of modernity into functional silhouettes and essential base layers to create a collection that feels sophisticated, but also a bit edgy and unexpected." “Chinese American actress, Anna May Wong, was my inspiration for this season and her memory shaped many of my creations.  She was absolutely fearless and never let anyone - not Hollywood, nor men, nor countries - dictate who she should be. She was a style icon and shattered boundaries wherever she went."  “I believe that life is not just a collection of images and scenes but it’s experienced in movement. In a third person point of view, life seems like a performance and dance containing triumphs and disasters.The FW19 collection is about time and movement and how garments flow with our bodies and our emotions.” 
 Kith is far from just another hype retailer. Ronnie Fieg, founder of the streetwear powerhouse, has logged big-name collaborations with the likes of Adidas, Ugg, and Coca Cola. Today the brand marks its first foray into the world of luxury announcing the Kith x Versace range that features Versace's iconic prints and logos, reimagined through the downtown lens.  Kith handled the designs, while Versace gathered the fabrics—including silk, velour, nylon, and fleece—and produced the entire collection in Italy. And for the first time ever, Kith had the honor of redesigning Versace's iconic Medusa logo, stamping the logo across Medusa's eyes. For the campaign Kith and Versace tapped cool-girl-of-the-moment Bella Hadid. Shot by Pierre Toussaint, Hadid is draped in jaw-dropping looks like a velour tracksuit, a Versace print two-piece bralette and leggings set, a gold and black Kith puffer jacket, and a high-cut bodysuit.  Over 100 styles were designed for mashup, from men's and women's fashion to accessories and footwear.  Kith x Versace officially releases on February 15 at 11 am EST online at kith.com and at all Kith stores. It will also be available at select international Versace flagship stores. 
 When it comes to denim, I'm pro high-rise. The mid-aughties obsession with super low jeans gives me anxiety and looking back at those four-inch rises makes me cringe. The style belonged to Britney Spears' abs, people who never regretted their bedazzled navel piercings, and 13-year-old me—though I probably I had no business wearing them. And that's why the majority of my current denim collection consists of vintage Levi's.   Beloved by myself, Rihanna, and the Hadids alike, the style is amazing but rarely replicated for a modern market. And even though the iconic denim brand re-launched its 501s a few years ago, I still found myself returning to thrifted pairs. Until now, thanks to a new Levi's style aptly named the Ribcage.   SHOP NOW Ribcage Straight Jeans, $98; levis.com SHOP NOW Ribcage Pleated Crop Jeans, $98; levis.com Levi's newest silhouette has a rise of 12.875 inches, a crave-worthy vintage look, and then some. The washes feel fresh and the cuts are modern: an easy straight leg you can wear every day, a split flared jean that shows off your shoes, and my personal favorite,  a selvage pair with mega cuffs.  If your personal denim philosophy sounds something like "the higher the rise the closer to heaven" these are the jeans for you.
 The Grammy Awards are an occasion for nominated musicians to not only celebrate their outstanding achievements in music but to also showcase their impeccable sense of style when they grace the red carpet. Ahead of this year's award ceremony on Sunday, February 10, here are some of the most stunning looks throughout Grammys history. In Giorgio Armani at the 2002 Grammy Awards
 Thanks to Sex and the City's Carrie Bradshaw, tulle skirts were considered fashun, nearly every viewer craved a pair of Manolo Blahnik heels (or getting proposed to with blue satin pair), and slip dresses became a staple in every woman's closet. Still, you can't talk Carrie Bradshaw fashion without mentioning her Fendi Baguette handbag, the teeny square-shaped accessory the star always had perched under her arms (and got stolen when a mugger robbed her of her Blahniks and purple Baguette in an alleyway.) While we may not be getting a Sex and the City reboot any time soon, Fendi is re-issuing its beloved silhouette in an array of fresh colors and designs along with a Fendi Baguette book chronicling the iconic bag's history. In celebration, the brand’s released the official  #BaguetteFriendsForever campaign and recruited a very familiar face a special video.  Watch as It-girls Caro Daur, Natasha Lau, Ebonee Davis and Melissa Martinez gush about a Fendi Baguette bag that’s caught Daur’s eye. Daur and her friends rush to the Fendi store to purchase the bag, but the store associate lets the group know someone just purchased the bag. One guess who that someone is.   Shop some the new Fendi Baguette styles below.
 You never forget your first time... Whether it's high school or haute couture, the new kids always spark buzz. It's partly because it's fun to be first—I knew that band before anyone cared; I wore that label before anyone knew—and partly because we've all been there, just starting out, wondering where we belong and whether our dreams are worth it.  For these 12 newbies at New York Fashion Week, the stakes are higher than heels. Will they become a breakout brand? Will they inspire new ways to see style? Will they at least get a few tags on Instagram? Read on to see who we're watching this season, and follow our live coverage during New York Fashion Week to see their visions in action. After all, it's fun to be first.   This groundbreaking website sells designer clothes from Altuzarra, Marc Jacobs, Brandon Maxwell and more, only in sizes 10 through 24. As more labels realize all bodies are chic, this luxury retailer is having its first New York Fashion Week show to prove it. Can't wait! Success is not a race, but don't tell that to Emily Burnett, who became Dennis Basso's creative director at 23, steered the brand for 10 years, and now strikes out on her own with a line of capable party options that bridge Millennial and classic adult style. Her CEO, Sterling McDavid, comes from Goldman Sachs... and is 29. (Yes, we're exhausted, too.) Created by Michelle Duncan, this fledgling line of Blondie-Meets-Babe-Paley clothes debuts with a bash at Mission Chinese hosted by gallerist Sarah Hoover and fashion campaign director Jen Brill.  Downtown dream girls, take note. Though he's resisted traditional fashion shows in the past, this beloved New York fixture is finally bringing his Park Avenue point of view to... well, actually, to a mansion on Park Avenue, where he'll reveal his Fall 2019 collection. Expect sumptuous fabrics and flirty hems, because being expensive takes a certain kind of sex appeal. When brand strategist Emma Grede began working with Kris Kardashian on various projects, she probably didn't expect to be making $1 million a day on blue jeans. But fast forward to 2016, when Grede and Khloe Kardashian launched the inclusive designer denim line Good American and disproved industry believes about luxury shoppers and curvy clothing. This New York Fashion Week, Good American dips their toes into the scene with Grede appearing on a panel about model trends, influencer casting, and what we see online and in ourselves.  IMG and Harlem's Fashion Row have teamed up to give legendary costume designer Ruth E. Carter (Black Panther, She's Gotta Have It, etc.) an installation featuring over 35 of her iconic movie outfits. Stylist Ibrahim Kamara will help bring it to life, with a February 6 event that debuts even more original designs.    Cate Holstein is a former design director at Gap and Vera Wang; she's also a 30-something New Yorker who knows how to get dressed for work and still look insanely cool. Though her brand Khaite has been a Net-a-Porter favorite for a little while, this season marks her first New York Fashion Week appearance, and frankly, it's about time. (Also: she's launching handbags, and yes, you will want one.)  Born in China and trained at the Parsons School of Design, Xia's Crayola dream dresses have won major fashion fans at London Fashion Week. This season, the young designer (and her long pastel hair) arrive in Manhattan for their first runway show. Expect bright, bouncy things to soothe the winter blues. Nguyen Cong Tri is a Vietnamese designer who's famed for creating Katy Perry's over-the-top stage frocks. The metallic Victorian gown? That was his. So were the leopard print puff sleeves and the blue Cinderella dress from the "Immortal Flame" video. Get ready for some fashion fireworks... probably with "Firework" on the soundtrack, because, well, you know. Moncler art director Francesco Ragazzi started his own line of bold, branded basics in 2014. Now they've taken over street style blogs, and appeared on Kendall Jenner, Joe Jonas, and Pharrell Williams, who wrote the forward for Palm Angels' Rizzoli art book. They'll stage their first New York runway next week, and all we know is, there will be logos.  "Stefano Contini is a famous Italian designer," says the Pony x Harbin bio, except according to Google, he doesn't exist. (There's an older gentleman named Stefano Contini who's big in the art world, but that's it.) The label also has no real Instagram presence, aside from a series of candid photos with Chinese pop star Huang Tingting that's tagged with the brand. Oh, and the RSVP address for the show? It goes to a bunk webpage. Get to the bottom of this streetwear mystery on February 9, when the show (maybe?) goes on.  The reason Victoria Hayes hasn't had a Fashion Week debut yet? She never really needed one. The designer's shiny maroon trench coats and sculptural carved jewelry have graced everyone from Nicki Minaj and Shirley Manson to Lady Gaga, and scored the Canada native a coveted Rising Star Award from Fashion Group International. This season, we'll finally be able to see her designs up-close (but probably not on clients like Audra Day). 
 Dressing for fashion week in NYC in February is a crapshoot—snowing one day, 45 degrees the next. So ELLE's fashion and beauty editors are attending the shows in style...with a dose of practicality.  Executive digital director Leah Chernikoff sums it up like this: "I just want to be cozy." Read on to find out what that looks like, along with what six other ELLE editors will be wearing—including Old Céline, flashes of neon, and a dose of  "gorpcore grunge." "This season I’m mixing my classic and sporty sides to create looks that are equal parts comfortable and interesting. That means wide-leg trousers (with tights underneath because it’s cold), hoodies, warm outerwear, and shoes I can get around in—sneakers some days, stacked-heel boots others. Jewelry will be simple as I’m not the best at remembering to switch up my pieces so they need to match everything." — Nikki Ogunnaike, Style Director ELLE.com Equipment + Tabitha Simmons Hyperiorn Prince of Wales Pants, $425; net-a-porter.com J.Crew Everyday Cashmere Hoodie, $168; jcrew.com Aritzia Super Puff Vest, $150; aritzia.com Vrai & Oro Oval Signet Ring, $1,875; vraiandoro.com SarahChloe Elle Strauss Pearl Hoop Earrings, $196; sarahchloe.com Nike Air Force 1 Low “Off White,” $550;  flightclub.com "New York Fashion Week is known for its grueling, dizzying schedule and it doesn’t help that this year’s celebration has landed right in the thick of what seems to be the coldest winter ever. As an NYFW newbie, the main fashion tip I’ve picked up from the vets is to always think of comfort and warmth before anything. But I’m extra, so this season I’m diving head-first into the work gear trend with a bold print boiler suit. I’ll top it off with a dash of neon, some crisp white boots, and a transparent bag for added oomph." — Nerisha Penrose, Assistant Editor ELLE.com Monki Utility Jumpsuit, $56; asos.com Adam Selman Neon Turtleneck, $225; net-a-porter.com Alias Mae Ahara Bootie, $250; nordstrom.com My Accessories Plastic Tote, $38; asos.com "I’m delusionally committed to getting as much wear as I can out of my beloved floral, summery dresses, even in polar vortex temperatures. So I’ll be layering thin turtlenecks under them and adding shoes that will stand up to the weather, like the Freda Salvador hiking boots I just got for this purpose. The overall effect will my own brand of gorpcore grunge, and will hopefully read as more “Perry Ellis 1993” than “Eddie Vedder 1993.”" — Véronique Hyland, Fashion Features Director Joostricot Turtleneck Sweater, $393; matchesfashion.com Ganni Lindale Wrap Dress, $225; net-a-porter.com Freda Salvador Hike Combat Boot, $550; fredasalvador.com Wandler Hortensia Mini Crossbody Bag, $722; matchesfashion.com "I just wanna be cozy. And warm. One day I came across The Frankie Shop's instagram and thought: I want to look like that all the time. I want to wear Katherine Hepburn-esque high-waisted pants (that aren't too tight!) and cloud-soft knits, all in one monochrome hue. Because I normally dress in neutrals, I've been getting into colorful earrings to offset my greys and navys, and Rachel Comey does it best." — Leah Chernikoff Executive Director of Digital Everlane Cashmere Crew Cardigan, $130; everlane.com  Frankie Shop Tweed Pleated Trousers, $225; thefrankieshop.com Salvatore Ferragamo Blavy Boots, $795; shopbop.com  Rachel Comey Arc Earrings, $104; shopbop.com "Unlike most of my coworkers, I'm typically in the middle of the chaos backstage to see the beauty looks. Translation: Comfort is key. The spaces are usually cramped with models, hair stylists, and makeup artists so you want to avoid anything bulky—hence, a slim but warm puffer and the tiniest crossbody to fit my recorder and essentials. I am also under less pressure to dress up—backstage is not a place to be "seen" so I go for casual. Black pants look sleek, a bright turtleneck keeps me covered without being boring. As for the boots? They're insanely comfortable and, most importantly, weather-proof in case a blizzard also decides to attend NYFW." — Kristina Rodulfo, Senior Beauty Editor ELLE.com Moncler Quilted Shell Jacket, $995; net-a-porter.com M.i.h. Bodycon Jeans, $215; shopbop.com Aerie Real Soft Turtleneck, $14; ae.com Saint Laurent Monogramme Blogger Bag, $995; net-a-porter.com Timberland Camdale Field Boots, $100; timberland.com "During fashion week I regress to the things I loved in elementary school. And not the grown-up versions, but the actual clothing items I wish I had when I was 8. I'll be reaching for scrunchies, tacky-cute jewelry, and The North Face’s Nuptse coat. It’s the only practical look for me when I spend the majority of my time running between shows in freezing New York weather. The only adult addition is an Old Celine tote, because I'll never be over it." — Justine Carreon, Market Editor ELLE.com The North Face 1996 Retro Nuptse Jacket, $249; thenorthface.com Levi’s Ribcage Flare Jeans, $128; nordstrom.com Vans Checkerboard Slip-On, $50; vans.com Céline Phantom Cabas Tote, $1,140; rebag.com Jennifer Behr Silk Faille Scrunchie, $100; modaoperandi.com Vanessa Mooney Romance Earrings, $132; vanessamooney.com "NYFW this winter is going to be an adventure to say the least. Until the weather figures out what it wants to do, it’s important for me to layer up for these New York streets. I love denim; and as the denim editor for the magazine, this look is very me. The denim sets that are out now have been great and this one in winter white is perfect. To ensure I stay my warmest, I always turn to Kotn who makes the best turtlenecks! They’re super comfortable and fitted. I love wearing boots, and these By Far ones are the best height and allow me to swiftly move from show to show. For the final touch, it goes without saying...no outfit is complete without a pair of gold hoops!" — Kia Goosby, Associate Market Editor Goldsign Waisted Denim Jacket, $611; mytheresa.com Goldsign The Benefit Straight Jeans, $407; mytheresa.com Apparis Laure  Faux Fur Coat, $365; shopbop.com Kotn Fitted Turtleneck, $40; kotn.com By Far Sofia Boots, $510; net-a-porter.com Jennifer Fisher Samira Hoops, $550; jenniferfisherjewelry.com  
 From Diana Ross's giant gold coat to Beyoncé's itty bitty black leotard It's hard to imagine the Super Bowl without the insane costumes its halftime show performers have worn—and Jeremy Scott's outfit for Katy Perry Sunday is sure to join the mix. But back in '90s when the first big Hollywood act took the stage—after almost 25 years of marching bands playing halftime—the costumes were tame. Glitz crept in slowly but surely as bigger stars performed each year. Flip through to see everyone from Diana Ross to Britney and Beyoncé.
 We love the Grammys because we love music…and because it's a chance for some of our favorite celebrities to let their freak flags fly. Here are some of the most outrageous fashion moments from Grammys past. We're certain there will be plenty to add after Sunday night! All hail the queen, who made a statement in this red and gold ensemble. One part Superman, one part clownspiration. I mean....who wouldn't wear a leather robe to the Grammys? Before there was Portlandia to put a bird on it, there was Cher, who put a butterfly on it. Asymmetrical batwing sleeve? You go, Little Richard. The divine Miss M, ladies and gentlemen. I mean... Debbie Harry's sheer sequined top is a real look. Grammys or one of those Old Western portrait booth shots? Either way The Pointer Sisters win. Werk, Tina. Leopard print and PVC in a ballgown? Groundbreaking. Olivia Newton John IS the '80s. My brain explodes when I look at this photo. Cyndi is a lovely little rainbow in this tutti frutti ensemble. If this whole slideshow was of Grace Jones, I'd be okay with that. Who has more colors, a packet of Skittles or Menudo in 1984? We're not sure! The sideburns just might take the cake for the most outrageous thing in this picture. Nothing says heavy metal like a blue jeans, a leather vest, and a scowl. The graphic tee plus the decorated sleeves on Sinead's cropped leather jacket really amp up this look. Shine bright like a... Christmas tree ornament? YES. Superhero chic. This is peak argyle. Anthony Kiedis introduces Grammy as nip cover. Lil' Kim was obviously taking notes. Recycling old Halloween costumes never goes out of style. Minnie Mouse meets latex. These outfits were so iconic that Cardi B made a recreation of them at Coachella 2017. Stefani was ahead of the pajama trend at her first Grammy appearance. That time that Hillary Clinton won a Grammy. Aaron Carter predicted that mustard yellow would make a comeback. 
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of February 2019.  Who: Beyoncé  When: February 9, 2019 Wearing: Balmain Why: Beyoncé skipped out on the Grammy’s but thank god she still made an appearance at the Roc Nation pre-Grammys brunch in Los Angeles, California. No one else’s shoulders could carry this look, because, well, it’s a lot of shoulder. Bow down and congratulate the queen for best dressed of the week. Who: Lily Collins  When: February 10, 2019 Wearing: Givenchy Haute Couture Why: We never knew ball gowns needed blazers until we saw Lily Collins at the BFA Awards in London England. The mix of textures in this bold cobalt is what we really needed to see today.   Who: Priyanka Chopra  When: February 11, 2019 Wearing: Vivienne Westwood, Jimmy Choo shoes Why: Priyanka Chopra attended the premiere of her upcoming film Isn’t It Romantic in quite possible the most romantic dress ever. Kudos. Who: Lady Gaga When: February 10, 2019 Wearing: Céline Why: I still have trouble understanding New Céline, but Lady Gaga at the Grammy Awards is helping. Her silver streak is just what the brand needs. Who: Thandie Newton  When: February 10, 2019 Wearing: Valentino couture Why: At first glance Thandie Newton’s ball gown seems pretty simple, but this is couture, baby. The ruched bodice and stunning pleat-work of the skirt is absolutely breathtaking. Who: Zoe Saldana  When: February 10, 2019 Wearing: Tory Burch Why: If you’re undecided on whether you should wear pants or a skirt, take Zoe Saldana’s lead and do both. Just make sure it’s all in the same print all-over. She wore this coordinating look to the Tory Burch Fall-Winter runway show. Who: Susan Kelechi Watson  When: January 27, 2019  Wearing: Christian Siriano, Kallati jewelry Why: A bold color is always welcome on the red carpet, and Susan Kelechi Watson went there. She shined like the sun at the SAG Awards, brightening the silver red carpet with every step.  For that, her happy-go-lucky gown wins best dressed of the week.  Who: Rihanna  When: January 30, 2019 Wearing: Y/Project blazer, Fendi bag, Manolo Blahnik shoes, Le Vian necklace Why: Everyone assumes'90s style is about mom jeans and flannels, but Rihanna shows you can also tap into the timeless Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy aesthetic. We'll be wearing a nude blazer, slip, and strappy sandals as soon as the weather allows.  Who: Gemma Chan When: January 27, 2019 Wearing: David Koma Why: This is a great afterparty dress following Chan's princess look at the SAG Awards. Black and white might read simple, but the added lace trim and stacks of diamonds take her look to the next level.  Who: Michael B. Jordan When: January 27, 2019  Wearing: Louis Vuitton Why: Michael B. Jordan could be wearing nothing and we'd still name him one of the best dressed celebs (rightfully so). If he must wear clothes, we're glad he chose this harness at the SAG Awards.  Who: Chloe Sevigny  When: January 23, 2019 Wearing: Miu Miu, Bvlgari Serpenti Forever handbag  Why: Chloe Sevigny makes us wonder why we ever slept on sheer, knee-high socks. Prada and Miu Miu featured them on the runway, and the actress followed suit. Try the trend yourself with an all-black outfit.  Who: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex When: January 30, 2019 Wearing: Brandon Maxwell dress and blazer, Gabriela Hearst bag, Aquazzura shoes,  Why: Another winning look comes from Meghan Markle in London England. We love her tiny pencil-bag-purse, too, despite not fully understanding what it can even hold. 
 Five tastemakers get honest about the things that make their hearts beat. Time alone has always been a rarity for the single-monikered model Dilone. Born Janice Altagracia Dilone on Long Island, New York, the 24-year-old grew up as one of 10 children before making it big in fashion. She walked 14 shows last season, including Balmain and Off-White.  Despite feeling most loved when she’s surrounded by her family, she once had a brief period when she withdrew from them entirely, even going so far as to delete her Instagram account. “They were like, ‘You don’t have to be so dramatic!’ I was like, ‘I just need space to detach from everyone and everything, for nobody but myself.’” Everyone, that is, except for her dog, Jim. She’s had the Pomsky (part Pomeranian, part Siberian husky) for about a year. “I named him after one of my favorite comedians, Jim Carrey,” she says. “He’s really changed my life.” And unlike her brothers and sisters, Jim never gives her any attitude. Tiffany & Co. Hardwear Wrap Necklace , $14,000; Hardwear Wrap Bracelet (worn as necklace), $7,000 What does love look like to royalty? “Right now, it’s the candy jar!” jokes Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece and Denmark. The 22-year-old NYU student admits she hasn’t found true romantic love just yet, but for the moment, she’s content with the adrenaline surge that sugar provides. “I’ve had the biggest sweet tooth since I was a little girl,” she says. Sour Patch Kids are her favorite, and on Instagram, the burgeoning influencer has been known to feature a colorful food prop or two. Rainbow-hued sour roll-ups or a well-lit ice cream cone? They deliver both likes and love. Tiffany & Co. Hardwear Graduated Link Earrings, $5,200; Hardwear Ball Dangle Ring, $1,975 Model Herieth Paul, age 23, has been mentoring kids back home in her native Tanzania since she was only 17. Through her mom’s organization Sachia Society, which provides educational support and resources to East African children, Paul says she’s encountered “many talented, beautiful, knowledgeable young ladies. I feel like they’ve taught me a lot more than I’ve taught them.”  Although her mentees are thousands of miles away, she credits them with showing her how to connect with others instantaneously (like with five-year-old Mylah, seen here). As for her own mentors, Paul counts her mom, her aunt, and her fellow Maybelline New York model Christy Turlington. “Christy told me to always follow my heart,” she says. The other crucial thing she’s learned? “That I should always take my makeup off before bed.” Tiffany & Co. T Two Double Chain Bracelet, $750; Hardwear Ball Hook Earrings, $1,375; T Square Pendant, $1,600; T Two Narrow Ring, $1,200 Event producer by day, fashion’s favorite DJ by night, May Kwok has built a dream career of going from one party to the next. To reconnect with herself, she surfs. “I took it up five years ago,” she says. “It helps me cope with my social lifestyle. Being in the water is my alone time.” She frequents New York’s Rockaway Beach, where she fully embraces a surfer’s ethos: “Everything is all love—love for the sport, for each other, for the ocean, and for the environment. If there is no water, we don’t live.” Tiffany & Co. T. Square Pendant, $1,600; T Two Open Vertical Bar Pendant, $2,150 Model, artist, and body positivity advocate Lulu Bonfils and her boyfriend Arya Tabatabai, an engineer, initially connected on Tinder. They both had reservations about the app: “There are so many people to choose from that it kind of lowers the importance of starting a relationship,” Bonfils says. But when they met in person, they just clicked.  Now, a year and a half in, the pair’s expressions of love run from the eccentric (“I built a balcony for her pet rats,” Tabatabai says) to the quotidian (“I leave his favorite snack—a peanut butter cookie—in the cupboard,” Bonfils says), proof that sometimes swiping right pays off. Tiffany & Co. Hardwear Link Bracelet, $1,250; Paper Flowers Pavé Diamond Flower Pendant, $8,000; and Hardwear Lock Pendant, $2,900 This story first appeared in the February 2019 issue of ELLE.
 Creatures of comfy chic. Athleisure may still be deemed a “trend” by some, but as far as we’re concerned sporty-chic pieces are as essential as a great pair of jeans. Beyond your trusty T-shirt-and-leggings combo, elevated track pants, luxurious sweatshirts, and designer sneakers are just a few examples of how sportswear is permeating fashion at the highest degree—and the movement is all but slowing down as young brands enter into the space with fresh visions that stand up to athleisure titans like Adidas, FILA, and Nike. If you find yourself reaching for a hoodie more than a blazer, joggers more than trousers, or sneakers more than heels, get to know these 11 emerging labels that are changing the athleisure game.  Some of the coolest athleisure looks borrow from the boys—take Aimé Leon Dore for example. With an artsy-meets-athletic aesthetic, the 2014-born brand (based in Queens, New York) strives to create timeless pieces rooted in simple yet powerful design. Color-blocked pullovers, velveteen track pants, screen-printed gym shorts, and collegiate-style polos are among our favorites. Style this color-block pullover under a blazer or with high-rise vintage denim and retro sneakers. Putting her posh spin on sportswear, Victoria Beckham and Reebok have teamed up to create a modern remix of sneakers, sweat sets, and minimalist-leaning separates that combine the relaxed demeanor of streetwear with technical performance. The elevated collection is unisex and sure to see a swift sell out, so run, don’t walk. These sleek snap-away pants work with pumps á la Victoria or sneakers for an off-duty vibe. Not your average studio-to-street brand, Australian-based Nagnata is a sustainably manufactured line of activewear knitted from a technically-designed fabric made out of organic cotton. Founded in 2014 by Laura May who was later joined by her sister Hannah to co-design, the collection of full of boldly color-blocked and graphic-printed sweaters, shorts, and leggings. Whether worn to the gym or styled in opposition with denim and tailoring you'll find this brand fits anywhere. This structural (and sweat-absorbing) sweater is created from a specialty technical-knitwear fabrication that eliminates yarn waste in the production process—a design practice that’s typically reserved for high-end fashion garments. From party dresses to feather-trimmed polos, Adam Selman always delivers on bold pieces with a playful energy. And now, the designer makes his foray into athleisure with Adam Selman Sport: An active-focused, unisex sportswear line comprised of pieces that merge performance and fashion. Ranging from leopard-print spandex to neon knits and crystal-adorned separates, the debut collection (inspired by American sportswear from different eras) is designed for an active metropolitan lifestyle and includes core styles sustainably made with recycled nylon and polyester. Hop on Spring’s neon trend with this ribbed-knit turtleneck in electric yellow. Founded in 2015 by Nadine-Isabelle Baier and Arendt van Deyk, Aeance is a sustainable, style-conscious line of ready-to-wear that merges technical design with understated minimalism. Living by a “less, but better” motto, luxuriously versatile tops, jackets, and leggings are made with as little environmental impact as possible—the brand’s supply chain focuses on eco-sustainability and ethical responsibility. Created in collaboration with fashion designer Steven Tai, these geometric leggings are made from high performance 100% recycled Italian compression fabric. A go-to for fanciful partywear and elegant separates, Paco Rabanne also hits the athleisure market with the label’s Bodyline. Capturing the brand’s sharp aesthetic and translating it into sleek activewear with a ‘90s twist, unisex styles like fleece hoodies and tapered nylon pants are mixed with sporty crop-tops and logo-lined stirrup leggings cut from tech body-con fabrics, all in an monochromatic palette (save for the punchy spots of leopard print). Layer these pieces for everyday wear or declare your brand fandom with a fully logoed look. Swap your crew-neck sweater for this army green hoodie and pair with a midi skirt. Balancing class with comfort, Kith Women tackles versatility with reimagined tracksuits, shirting, outerwear, and more, all finished with an elevated streetwear effect. Look to this brand for pieces you can rock as easily with workwear as you can with leggings and slides. Go cozy-chic and pair these sweatpants with tonal boots and a loose-fitting crew. Meaning “the best” in Hawaiian, No Ka 'Oi is a line of fashion-forward sportswear, inspired by the power of nature and created with an Italian design sensibility. Founded in 2014 by Simona Finelli, each collection incorporates flashy bouts of color, kooky prints, and eclectic fabrics intended to bridge the gap between ready-to-wear, activewear, and streetwear. Not to miss: One-off pieces like sequin-lined sweatshirts, hoodies with oversized chain-link drawstrings, and velvet high-waist basketball shorts. This paint-splattered, zebra-print windbreaker makes a statement with sporty stripes and an oversized fit. Wardrobe.NYC is a luxury direct-to-consumer capsule concept of ten sporty essentials that range from tanks and tops to bike shorts, leggings, plus an exclusive sneaker by adidas Originals. The entire capsule must be purchased in its entirety and will run you $1,000—but for the streetwear enthusiast, it’s the ultimate investment. Wardrobe.NYC 10-Pierce Wardrobe, $1000; wardrobe.nyc For the workout fiend who lives in activewear, Alala’s directional lineup of leggings, jackets, and sweatshirts level up any athletic look. With a sophisticated downtown attitude inspired by New York City living, everything from Sherpa jackets to oversized sweatshirts will transition from gym to street on any given day. With a raw hem and bell sleeves, this cropped sweatshirt adds fashion-forward appeal to leggings, jeans, or skirts. With a stylish approach to activewear that boasts a strong streetwear influence, P.E Nation does wearable, sports-luxe athleisure with ease. Whether you’re after a cropped sweatshirt, logo-lined leggings, or a color-block belt bag, this line runs the gamut from fully functional pieces to fashion-forward styles. For a street-inspired look, team these retro pants with an electric-colored knit, oversized denim jacket, and hoop earrings. Sleek ankle boots are a polished finish.
 Rihanna is getting in the subscription box game. On Thursday night she took to Instagram to announce the launch of Savage X Fenty's new XTRA VIP box with an adorable video of her dressed in head-to-toe Savage X Fenty and a face full of Fenty Beauty goodies. I'm sure she said some important things in the video, but the spot-on French accent and Stunna Lip Paint in Uncensored had me mesmerized.   Who XTRA? #UXTRA! 💁‍♀️ We’ve got something special for #XtraVIP members only! Every month we’re dropping an XCLUSIVE box of styles hand-picked by @badgalriri or a special guest at a🔥🔥 price!✨ It drops at midnight (pst) and only available thru the 5th of the month!  Tag ya XTRA a$ friends & get ready! ✨ A post shared by  SAVAGE X FENTY BY RIHANNA (@savagexfenty) on Jan 31, 2019 at 2:51pm PST  Savage X Fenty's XTRA VIP box is a monthly subscription service featuring a collection of Savage X intimates curated by Rihanna herself and, sometimes, intimates selected by a guest of her choosing. For the first drop, XTRA VIP members will receive a two-piece Tiger Chiffon set (a romper and a robe) with a black lace blindfold. Rihanna also throws in Truth or Dare’ collectible dice with playful sayings like “cuffs, paddle or whip?”, “I like it when you…” and “blindfold me” on each roll.  In another video, Savage X Fenty enlisted Instagram's favorite dancing motivational star and King of XTRA, Donte Colley, to promote the new service. Colley dances as affirmations like "You are beautiful. Don't you ever forget it," "Be yourself. You are amazing in every way possible," and my favorite, "Keep doing your thang honey! U are slayin" fly across the screen. Rihanna's first box is $59.95, while the regular subscription is $49.95 per month (with the option to opt out months of your choosing); the retail value of the box is $160.  Other membership perks include early access to Savage X releases, up 25% off selected styles, and free shipping on purchases over $50. You can sign up at savagex.com.  
 Leopard skirts are always on my mind. Every Influencer on Instagram has one, which serves as a constant reminder that I need one too. The skirt makes me believe the whole "dress it up and down" scheme actually exists. It's wild enough for a night out, but it won't look out of place at the office. As far as prints go, leopard is as neutral as you can get. No matter your sense of style, the leopard skirt just works.  Since I had this revelation, I've started having problems getting dressed in the morning. I only want to wear the item I don't own, and my mind's become preoccupied with aspirational leopard skirt outfits. Truth is, I do own a leopard skirt, but it's pleated, a little short, and just not what I needed. Welcome to my madness.   Different spots same idea....on a leopard tear of late. Me almost every day in NYC🦁🦁🦁 A post shared by  Vanessa Hong (@vanessahong) on Oct 14, 2018 at 4:04pm PDT  Chinese New Year ready 💮 A post shared by  Soso (@sohniahmed) on Jan 29, 2019 at 11:23pm PST Another part of my madness is that I'm mad cheap. There are a ton of styles to shop, but the prices are too high for me. Altuzarra's spotted midi is perfection but even on sale it costs a hefty $550. I tabbed Realisation Par's popular $180 style when it first dropped, but never took the plunge. As fate would have it, my patience paid off: H&M just released a style for a $30.  SHOP H&M Calf-Length Skirt, $30; hm.com Regardless of its affordable price tag, this is the perfect leopard skirt. The cut is super flattering, hitting right at the calf. The hemline softly flares out, creating a feminine silhouette and the leopard print isn't too leopard-y (somehow, I feel like you know what I mean). And since it's made of 100 percent viscose I don't have to baby the fabric  Owning this leopard skirt makes me feel like my outfit options just doubled. During the winter I'll be wearing it with a hoodie, a wool coat, and OTK boots. When summer hits I'll copy the model and wear it with '90s strappy sandals and an easy t-shirt. I haven't been this excited for any single fashion item in a while, so buy it now before it sells out. 
 Frances Valentine, the accessories line launched by the late designer Kate Spade in 2016, has tapped The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel's Rachel Brosnahan as the face of its spring 2019 campaign. It's a poignant pairing: Kate Spade, who passed away tragically last June, was Brosnahan's aunt.  Shot by Maggie Cepis, the aptly titled Love, Katy collection celebrates the colorful and playful aesthetic Kate Spade was loved for. In the campaign, Brosnahan is photographed in vibrant dresses and printed trousers along with the new Frances Valentine spring offerings, including the  Alice Kitten Heels, Arielle Basket Bag, and the Honeypot straw handbag, one of Brosnahan's favorites.     For the Marvelous Mrs. Maisel star, the collection's whimsical designs and color palettes remind her of her late aunt's buoyant personality. "I have always loved Katy’s love of colors and accessories," Brosnahan said. "She brightened up every room she walked into. She also loved classic shapes but by mixing colors and patterns and adding funky accessories, her personality always shone through.” The collection also includes the Midge handbag, inspired by Brosnahan's Marvelous Mrs. Maisel character Midge Maisel.  Kate Spade died last June of suicide in her New York City apartment. Shortly after Spade's passing, Brosnahan honored her aunt in a sweet post on Instagram.  "Knowing Katy, this is how she would want to be remembered," she captioned a video of Spade dancing. "She had a light that words can’t capture but touched everyone she came into contact with. She was exceedingly kind, beautifully sensitive, insanely talented, funny as heck and one of the most generous people I have ever known. She was effervescent. Hug your loved ones extra tight today." The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline provides 24/7, free and confidential support for people in distress, prevention and crisis resources for you or your loved ones, and best practices for professionals at 1-800-273-8255.
 "A little Sonja will spice up any party" - Sonja Morgan, season five Here are all the things I know for sure about Sonja Morgan: She loves smoky eyes, updos, and Gstaad. She's partied with John John and Madonna. And she makes a mean knitwear set.  It may be impossible to crown a single best-dressed Bravo housewife, but a personal favorite? Easy. There's something timeless about the classic looks Sonja from The Real Housewives of New York City favors, and her approach is one I try to copy: Wear things that are elegant and simple enough to have belonged to any matter of decades.   “I have a taste for luxury, and luxury has a taste for me”- Sonja Morgan, seasons 3 and 4  Ever since Sonja invited the ladies to her debut Sonja by Sonja Morgan runway show—it was on season seven and Luann wrote, "We all loved it. It was a reflection of her taste and jet-set experiences"—I've been here for the journey. In its current iteration, there's effectively main and diffusion lines; Sonja Morgan New York is based off pieces in her personal wardrobe (and a "heritage brand" meant to be passed down through generations), while Sonja by Sonja Morgan is "curated" by her.   To indulge the curiosity I've been experiencing since 2015, I decided to take a few pieces of the more affordable Sonja by Sonja line for a spin around the office. Here, my key takeaways. If I was to describe Sonja's style in three words, one of them would be "rich." It's about the fabric, the cuts, and the super luxe accessories in her actual wardrobe (intel based solely on obsessive Bravo watching). When recreating her closet vibe for Sonja by Sonja, it makes sense to use supple leather to carry over that moneyed feeling.  Vegan leather is wallet- and animal-friendly, but there's an entire spectrum of the stuff. For every amazing pair that fakes you out, there's another that's smelly or squeaky or just...wrong.  The Sonja pieces I tried were definitely in the good camp: Nothing betrayed that they were faux.  SHOP IT In the time it took to take this photo, at least three coworkers asked what I was wearing and where it was from. Luckily, I work in the sort of creative-casual environment where what's essentially a luxe PJ set is permissible, but beyond the 9-to-5 I can see this two-piece becoming my de facto travel uniform.  It's crazy comfortable, but the camel color and cashmere blend make it feel lightyears more pulled together than sweatpants. Not for nothing, this is totally what I imagine Sonja wearing when traveling by private plane. SHOP IT As a professional RHONY watcher, I feel comfortable issuing the proclamation that Sonja's signature style is based around classic shapes. It's why the bones of this blouse (a crewneck and cuffed waist and sleeves) come straight from a standard sweatshirt, yet voluminous lace puffs make it Fancy.  Pairing it with jeans and ballet flats was an easy-but-elevated outfit for the office, but also felt very Sonja. It's a prime example of her dressing MO: Pick pieces that would look at home in the past, present, or future. Would you believe me if I told you this pic came from 2003? 2023? SEE? SHOP IT It definitely feels Sonja, not like she passed off the project to an outside team, and the standout pieces are the more streamlined ones. If you work in a more buttoned-up environment, it might not be right for the office, but it's ideal for weekend or travel (because, honestly, if you're going to trust a housewife about jetting around, there's no one better than Sonja).
 You hate 'Baby Shark,' but you love your kids. Which is why this Valentine's Day you'll spread the adorably annoying cultural phenomenon even further with the official Baby Shark doll. Or, you could never tell your kids it exists and go with slime kits that are surprisingly un-messy, STEM toys masquerading as DIY robot sets, and more of the hottest kid gifts of the year. Be the best parent (or auntie) with 23 Valentine's Day gifts for every age group, here.  Conversation hearts are gross to eat but super cute for swaddling.  Do it for the 'gram.  Real question- how do you get your kid to stop listening to 'Baby Shark?'  We really wish this came in adult sizes.   Don't forget the accompanying 'Baby Shark' book.   Kids get away with the craziest sneakers.  Campouts in the living room are the best.  Your kid may or may not still lick this book.  You can't trust them with your family's sacred recipes just yet, so they'll have to play pretend.   Kids. Are. Obsessed.  Building castles today, building STEM skills for tomorrow.  Their new pet will respond with over 100+ sounds and motions.  Made of 14k gold, they can wear this into adulthood.   For every State purchase, a child in need also receives a backpack filled with supplies.  According to the The American Academy of Pediatrics, "children younger than 5 years should not ride skateboards, and those between 6 and 10 years of age should be closely supervised while skateboarding," so gift this to a stoked 3rd grader.  Everything is awesome, and so is this watch.  On Valentine's Day, gift them what they love: french fries and sparkles Be careful—they'll only want more and more of these dolls.  This mini guitar is a great starter instrument.   This beautiful story details the life of Nisha, a half-Muslim, half-Hindu twelve-year-old girl, and her family's journey as refugees trying to find home.  Recycling is fun.  You and your family will bond over intense games of Beat Saber.   Discuss old school NASA missions while you build this together. 
 Remember those white hotel slippers Justin Bieber was seen bopping across New York City in last August? Turns out he wasn't just a huge fan of the comfy (yet too-small) slippers, he actually designed a whole line of them and debuted his newest experiment when he launched his own fashion label, Drew, last December. Now, what started off as a hotel slippers-only line has expanded to include hoodies, t-shirts, corduroy shorts and pants because if the Biebs says corduroy is officially cool again, then so be it.   🍩🍕🍟🥤 A post shared by  Drew House (@drewhouse) on Jan 16, 2019 at 10:38am PST Drew House, inspired by Bieber's middle name, is a unisex line of loose-fitting everyday wear that walks the line between Bieber's signature rugged-sporty look and Kanye West's popular Yeezy leisurewear—just with a massive smiley face across the front. The collection includes oversized hoodies you can wear while running, serenading your loved one (and a random stranger) on the street, or any other Bieber-like activities you may find yourself doing.  Drew House's "about us" page describes the brand simply as a "place where you can be yourself. Blah blah blah blahsdbksjdfhl. Wear like you don’t care. Come chill. K. Bye." Seriously. The collection is priced between $48 and $158 and each product page comes with tips on how to wear each item or funny facts. For example, you can buy "chaz pants, but ya know...shorter" that are comfy enough for "sitting in bean bag chairs and couches" or the matching Chaz Button Down Shirt that's "the kind of thing you wanna roll out of bed wearing." In fact, buy multiples and you and your bae can do the whole Scumbro swag thing together! 
 Gone are the sweet summer days of the newly betrothed Biebers, Justin and Hailey, running around New York making out and crying, then making out again and crying again. Smoochable summerwear included crop tops and cutoffs paired with scrunchies, hoops, and hats for Hailey. Justin wore ‘90s-baggy basketball shorts, tie-dye socks, and Joe Dirt hair. Some thought this was the golden age of terrible dressing—our punk-rock bottom.  But the kooky couple has only upped (downed?) the ante since their secret nuptials in September. For two people who are very, very, very rich, it seems they really love to appear as if they’ve been living out of their car. Over the summer, outlets like Vanity Fair designated Bieber as the King of the Scumbros, but now that the couple is in this together, they are officially both scumbaes.   You know those annoying couples that somehow morph into each other? Giselle and Tom Brady could be twins. J.LO and A-Rod, another hot example of twins. And of course, Brad Pitt and literally any of his girlfriends. (The man loves to twin!) One step on the road to couple symmetry is a haircut. Hailey has been rocking the bob since she first appeared in Kylie Jenner’s vine story in the early 2000s and it’s very likely Justin Bieber has also not washed or cut his strands since then. The messy, grungy, dirty blondes sport the same lob. Baldwin’s lob is more stylized than the Biebs, who will add a hat and headband on occasion, with Baldwin opting for scrunchies, top knots, and slick ponytails. When they both let their hair down, it’s probably a lot like looking in a mirror (or at a poster of Bret Michaels.) The year is 1985. You’re ready for a bitchin’ good time with your besties in a cabin away from mom and dad that you found online got from asking a fellow human you know.  You’ve forgotten your duffle bag in your parents' Subaru, so you look in the cottage closet to see if there’s anything you can possibly wear. What’s in there? Old school technicolor windbreakers, joggers that aren’t your size but will have to do, and scrunchies straight out of a John Hughes movie. This appears to be the scene every time Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin step into their closets.   stepping into 2019 I want to be more open, I want to be more open about the things I struggle with, and be able to be more vulnerable. I’m a 22 years old, and the truth is no matter how amazing life may look from the outside I struggle... I’m insecure, I’m fragile, I’m hurting, I have fears, I have doubts, I have anxiety, I get sad, I get angry. I have had more days than I can count where I’ve found myself scrolling through Instagram comparing myself, comparing my looks, feeling like I’m not good enough feeling like I lack so many things and really struggling to be confident in who I am because I constantly feel like I’m just not good enough. Every single day is a confidence battle for me. I’m not writing this for a pity party or for sympathy but just to simply say, I’m a human.. I’m a young woman, I’m learning who I am and, it’s REALLY FREAKING HARD. It’s hard finding who you are, but what’s even harder is being picked apart and compared to other women while trying to do that. There are days that I’m simply broken because of it. It would be incredible if other young girls and women could find it in themselves to lift each other up, to stop making other women who are struggling JUST LIKE THEM, feel incompetent and less than. We ALL have flaws, and that will never change. What I do know is, God made us individuals for a reason, with our own beauty, our own personalities, and our own story because there’s a specific plan and purpose for each and every human created and he makes no mistakes!! So this year I’m gonna do my very best to just be ME and be confident with who I am. Cause I am enough, and I’m loved, and you are enough and you’re loved. A post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on Jan 6, 2019 at 4:32pm PST  The Lord Jesus and Yeezus reign supreme in the Bieber/Baldwin household. The couple has not stopped wearing Kanye’s Adidas sneakers even after Kanye called slavery a choice. Maybe they’re campaigning to star in the next Yeezy campaign, maybe Kris Jenner manages them both, or maybe they are moving to Calabasas. Justin Bieber once hoped Anne Frank would have been a Belieber, so it’s possible both he and Kanye share their complete disassociation from everyday modern life.   @ryanpearl23 via Instagram Stories #haileybieber A post shared by  Hailey Baldwin Bieber (@newsbaldwin) on Jan 28, 2019 at 8:34pm PST  January 9: Hailey and Justin at The Grove in Los Angeles,California #haileybieber #justinbieber A post shared by  Hailey Baldwin Bieber (@newsbaldwin) on Jan 14, 2019 at 12:33pm PST Hot guys love grey sweatpants, and so does Hailey Bieber. The model seems to only own bikinis in XXS and sweatshirts in XXXL. JB dons the gray sweat occasionally, but we can’t blame him for steering clear after his dad proudly tweeted about his, uh, Belieber.     Should we expect a man who once left a monkey in airport custody to ever wear an actual pair of shoes? At some point, this is on us. Bieber also recently launched his own line of hotel slippers—Hailey modeled—through his new clothing line Drew House.   Merry Christmas #houseofdrew A post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on Dec 25, 2018 at 8:14am PST  The duo recently made their New York return wearing the latest cops from the Big and Tall store. Justin Bieber is one of the many men of Hollywood who say 5’10 but mean 5’6. Runway model Hailey Bieber is also on the short side but, again, dresses like she still hasn’t adapted to an extremely life-altering weight loss. To be fair, New York is cold enough to necessitate layers, but Sumo-wrestler coats are a tad excessive.   Sharing is caring ❤ #haileybaldwin #haileybieber #justinbieber #jailey A post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber News (@newshaileybieber) on Jan 28, 2019 at 6:06pm PST  This is the one aspect of this look where there appears to be some effort. The red hat (MAGA-esque in color—another indication of their difficulty reading the room), with the coordinating red shirt on Justin, and green accents? It’s almost as if they are a young new couple headed to the local mall to take professional glossy photos so they can hang them in their lockers.    My wife is awesome A post shared by  Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Nov 15, 2018 at 9:43am PST 
 When it comes to style, the '80s were brutal. Giant hair perms led to irreversible damage, suffocating leotards made for frequent visits to the gyno, and let's not even get into that blue eyeshadow. No other decade gets dragged (rightfully so) as much as the ‘80s, but as the cyclical life of fashion goes, certain trends are making their way back into pop culture. And chunky sneakers, tiny sunglasses, and bike shorts are just the tip of the iceberg. Designers like Versace, Alexander Wang, and Marc Jacobs are revisiting the ‘80s in ways that don’t feel out of place in 2019, so we've found the easiest ones for you to try. Read on for 11 modern approaches to wearing looks from the most divisive time period, no what your budget may be.  Scarf prints—made famous by Versace's iconic mashup of chains, laurel leafs, and more—are on the come up. Try an outfit by clashing wild prints together, or pare it back with your favorite pair of jeans.  A wrap cut and a dizzying print mean this dress is super flattering.  A going out top doesn't have to to show skin, but it can be skintight.  The '80s were known for scrunched up styles, and that extended to bangs, actual scrunchies, and boots. Isabel Marant has been featuring the style on the runway for a few years now, but it's finally starting to infiltrate our wardrobe. Try them with leggings for an outfit worthy of Pat Benatar.  These black boots only hint at the eighties—and at a fraction of the price.  Isabel Marant's western '80s boot is an It-shoe in the making.   Scrunchies and barrettes are having a moment, but padded headbands are our beloved pick from the decade. The statement accessory isn't quite as iconic as the sporty headbands worn while using a Thighmaster, but they are way chicer.  You'll have a hard time not wearing this every day.  The runway version adds about 3" to your height.  A Glen plaid style was the blazer to own last fall, but we're back to '80s basics this season. With the borrowed from your dad fit (cut wider with sculptural shoulder pads), pop them over any outfit— casual denim, floral dresses, or as Céline suggested, over a party dress.  If you get this blazer, you'll probably need the matching pants too.  You'll own this classic blazer until the 2080s.  This spring, show a little leg. Well, it's more like a lot of leg. Micro skirts are back, and you can thank Alexander Wang and his Axl Rose inspiration. An oversized biker jacket on top balances out the tiny proportions of the bottom.  Wear this with sheer black tights if you're feeling modest.   The added belt on this skirt makes it feel distinctively '80s.   Kim Kardashian has been trying to convince us to wear biker shorts for a minute, and we're finally starting to listen. Bella Hadid at Fendi is a quirky example of wearing them IRL, but minus the accessories out and it's perfect for a brunch date with your girls.  Pair these with a crisp button down and a blazer.  Fendi's version embraces another '80s trend: logomania.  Chain belts are my current obsession, and no one does them better than Chanel. It's like a necklace for your hips! Wear one to add a surge of interest to a basic outfit like a white button down and black pants. Amazon literally has everything.  A vintage style like this means no one else will have it.  The '80s was a big decade: big hair, big shoulders, and big statements for a night out. Spotted this past season at Dundas and Balmain, these outfits might seem difficult but you can tone them down with minimal jewelry and sleek heels. Jem and the Holograms would be proud.  Topshop teamed up with Hollywood favorite brand Halpern, churning out '80s glam at an affordable price point. Give. Me. Everything.  More is more with Dundas.  Prep school chic is often overlooked when talking about '80s fashion. For reference, it was all about Molly Ringwald and colorful sweaters tied around your shoulder. On the runway, Marc Jacobs went for a pink boulcé jacket that's reminiscent of the '60s, but '80s in proportions. For your daily life try feminine cardigans and easy tweed dresses.  The grosgrain ribbon takes this cardigan to the next, preppy level.  It's really hard to deny Gucci when they go preppy.  It's easy to gravitate to quiet neutrals like navy and gray, but this season we're embracing colors that barely exist in the natural world. Highlighter yellow, pink, and orange instantly perk up an outfit, which can be a godsend in dreary winter months. Ease into the trend with one bold color, and keep the rest of your outfit simple.  Adam Selman's Instagrammable sunnies are even better in fluorescent.  This Cushnie dress makes you look like a sexy, sexy highlighter marker.  
 Valentine's Day is meant to celebrate your loved ones, especially the ones who have never broken your heart: your best girl friends. Show some appreciation with accessories worthy of any boss lady, bakeware she'll heart, and clothing only you're allowed to gift her. 20 gift ideas for your Day One BFFs, ahead.  You selfies together are about to get 10x better.  You're the only one allowed to say her lips are super chapped.  Because she is one.  You've been plotting your mutual roller derby dreams for years.  She'd never buy herself a cashmere throw, which is where you come in.  A money tree will her manifest those money goals.   She hearts baking.  Hair barrettes are all the rage.   Everyone wants a friend who gifts Chanel.   A grown-up version of BFF necklaces.   She makes the best crème brûlées.  A feline catsuit has never looked so office appropriate.  Her plant babies might mean more to her than her actual children.   Gift it to her just in time for your next girls' trip.  A gift for you, too, because you're obviously doing facials together.   She's the cherry on top.  She's obsessed with getting sushi, but you can't afford treating her to a fancy omakase dinner right now.  Courtesy of Rihanna, her ultimate girl crush.   She's the type of girl who can never have enough statement earrings.  She's been eyeing this Instagram-favorite top for ages. 
 Tonight marks the 25th anniversary of the SAG Awards and celebs are showing up in red (or should I say silver?) carpet looks worthy of celebration. Read on to see who makes this year's best dressed list.  I could sum up my thoughts on this look in two words (pure perfection) but I'll go on. The cupcake tiers paired with minimal jewelry made for maximum impact. So good! Brie is never one to shy away from statement making gowns and this one (complete with one humongous bow on the back) really delivers. It's not for everyone, but it's definitely for me.  Fresh off of making history at the Golden Globes, Oh hit the silver carpet in a stunning mixed material crimson red gown. I'm particularly in love with the one-shoulder accent.  The triple threat wore white (from the Dior haute couture show less than a week ago!), but she looked anything but bridal. With a high slit and low-plunging neckline Gaga wowed with blood red beauty touches.  I could make a pretty in pink joke, but that seems too easy. This dress is amazing! From the ruffles and the asymmetrical strap to how at ease Chan looks in this gown, it's a winner for me.   This dress will almost certainly get meme'd for its vaginal vibes, but I commend Blunt for taking a risk. Go big or go home am I right? This look is on the more subdued end for Stone, but it shows that she can pull of anything from a ladylike gown to trousers and a statement top. 
 Award season continues with its third big award show: the Screen Actors Guild Awards tonight in Los Angeles. Here, what everyone from Emma Stone and Lady Gaga to Lupita Nyong'o and Constance Wu are wearing on the red carpet. Column gowns, tulle dresses, and suits are among the many statement looks.  In Georges Chakra. In Michael Kors Collection and Forevermark diamonds. In Chopard jewelry. In Dior Haute Couture. Angela Bassett in Georges Chakra and a Tadashi Shoji clutch. In Chanel. In Louis Vuitton. In Sarah Flint shoes. In Oscar de la Renta. In Oscar de la Renta. In Dior Haute Couture.
 Please hold all other news for the next 24 hours, because Celine Dion just rendered half the internet incapable of moving after debuting her latest Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week look. While arriving at the Folies Bergere Music Hall in Paris, Dion channeled her inner chic flight attendant with Alexandre Vauthier Haute Couture.  Dion's look featured a plunging neckline, sheer bandeau, and dramatic shoulder pads (with firework embellishments) that stole the show. She accessorized the ensemble with a black garrison cap, micro-sunnies, and leather booties. Celine Dion has been turning heads for practically all of Paris Haute Couture. She kicked the week off in this shimmery keyhole gown with a slit higher than the Eiffel Tower, then changed into this chic suit on day two.  Then on Thursday she attended the Valentino show in all-beige—where she was brought to tears by Pierpaolo Piccioli's runway looks—before switching into an all-leather ensemble for Friday's engagement at the Givenchy offices.  Keep the looks coming, Celine!
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of January 2019. Who: Emily Blunt When: January 23, 2019 Wearing: Gucci Why: Emily Blunt's gown at the Mary Poppins Returns premiere in Tokyo, Japan looks like blinged-out armor but with a warrior princess touch. More than enough to win her best dressed of the week. Who: Celine Dion  When: January 23, 2019 Wearing: Ronald Van Der Kemp Why: Valentino's collection may have brought her to tears, but we're emotional over Dion's razor-sharp Ronald Van Der Kemp suit. In fact, our favorite time of the year is when Celine Dion attends Paris couture week and pulls out all the sartorial stops.  Who: Tessa Thompson  When: January 22, 2019 Wearing: Chanel Why: Tessa Thompson at the Chanel couture show is proof that accessories make an outfit. Presenting: the Chanel belt-fanny-pack-front-backpack-necklace. We'll take two, please.  Who: Kerry Washington When: January 21, 2019  Wearing: Sally Lapointe Why: Kerry Washington's outfit on the The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon is cozy on top, party on the bottom. Sequins some how look casual with a comfy sweater.  Who: Felicity Jones When: January 21, 2019 Wearing: Christian Dior Why: A black suit can look drab, so the right silhouette is key. We love Felicity Jones' sculptural set, worn to the Christian Dior Couture runway show in Paris, France.  Who: Sarah Paulson When: Marshmallow dress, Tamara Mellon boots, Ana Khouri jewels Wearing: January 25, 2019 Why: We're obsessed with leopard print, and taking notes from Sarah Paulson on how to wear the wild look down. She expertly styled her dress with statement boots that also matched her lipstick.  Who: Gemma Chan  When: January 13, 2019 Wearing: Jason Wu, Anita Ko jewelry Why: Gemma Chan has been killing the red carpet in Miu Miu pinks and Valentino blues, but our most recent fave is this floral explosion at the Critics' Choice Awards. It puts an immediate smile on our faces, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Naomi Campbell  When: January 17, 2019 Wearing: Louis Vuitton Why: There were a lot of cool people at Virgil Abloh's second menswear show for Louis Vuitton, but Naomi Campbell was number one. She made the most boring of color, beige, actually look interesting. Sorry Frank Ocean and Timothée Chalamet.  Who: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex  When: January 14, 2019 Wearing: Aritzia dress, Gabriela Hearst bag, Sentaler coat, Stuart Weitzman shoes Why: Purple and red is a color combo we rarely see, but Meghan Markle makes us wonder why. She wore the genius pairing for a visit to Hamilton Square in Birkenhead, UK.  Who: Rosamund Pike  When: January 15, 2019 Wearing: Givenchy Why: Somehow, Rosamund Pike made bows look sexy at the red carpet for IWC Schaffhausen in Geneva, Switzerland. She complimented her white plissé gown with a statement pearl earring.  Who: Timothee Chalamet  When: January 13, 2019  Wearing: Alexander McQueen Why: A man in a suit is our weakness, and Timotheé Chalamet in a printed suit may as well bring us to our knees. We loved the actor's unexpected set, worn to the Critics' Choice Awards in Santa Monica, California. Who: Chanel Iman When: January 09, 2019 Wearing: Alex Perry, Christian Louboutin shoes Why: Chanel Iman was seriously eye-catching this week, due in part to this highlighter hue. She made a neon statement for the WeWork Creator Awards in Los Angeles, California.  Who:  Rowan Blanchard  When: January 6, 2019  Wearing: Marc Jacobs Why: After party looks are better than red carpet dresses. There I said it. A shining example is Rowan at the Warner Bros Golden Globes after party. It's shower loofa chic, winning her best dressed of the week. Who: Sarah Paulson  When: January 09, 2019 Wearing: Pradagown, Irene Neuwirth jewels, Edie Parker Clutch, Brian Atwood shoes Why: This fire look was a close second this week. Sarah's neon flames scorched the red carpet at the the Glass premiere in London, England, complete with matching emerald accessories.  Who: Amandla Stenberg  When: January 09, 2019  Wearing: Miu Miu, Beladora tiara Why: A sheer dress, tiara, and tailored blazer don't really make sense together, but Amandla made it work. She wore this clashing set to the Online Film Critics Society Award Ceremony in Hollywood, California.  Who: Gemma Chan  When: January 6, 2019 i Wearing: Miu Miu, Anita Ko jewelry Why: Another strong case in favor of after party outfits is Gemma at a post-party event in Beverly Hills, California. The hot pink hue and girlish bows are balanced by a hip-grazing slit.  Who: Lady Gaga  When: January 8, 2019  Wearing: Ralph Lauren Why: Lady Gaga's periwinkle number at the Golden Globes was a moment, but let's talk about her crystal-embellished tuxedo look at the National Board of Review Annual Awards Gala too. It's still unclear whether her pom accessory serves a functional purpose, but we support her 100 percent.  Who: Regina King  When: January 6, 2019 Wearing: Alberta Ferretti dress, Messika jewelry Why: Statuesque doesn't even begin to describe Regina King at the Golden Globes this week. Her dazzling look is a tall glass of sparkling rosé, and that's about the highest praise we could give an outfit.   Who: Rihanna  When: January 01, 2018 Wearing: Alexandre Vaulthier Why: 2019 just got here, but it's already cancelled due to Rihanna's New Year's Eve outfit. We can't handle this epitome of luxury.  From her slinky metallic dress to her winter white coat, our new new year's resolution is to be this extra year-round. Yes, this Matrix meets Studio 64 look wins best dressed of the week.  Who: Laura Harrier  When: January 3, 2019 Wearing: Cushnie Why: I need to get engaged so I can pin Laura Harrier's photo to a Pinterest board ASAP. Her all-white ensemble at the Palm Springs International Film Festival Film Awards is a minimalist’s take on maximalist details, including feathers and a sheer midriff.   Who: Regina King  When: January 3, 2019 Wearing: Cushnie Why: Neon yellow shouldn’t be associated with construction workers and Nike athletes anymore, because look at Regina King: She took it to the red carpet and looks amazing. Her florescent jumpsuit at the screening of If Beale Street Could Talk is everything.  Who: Olivia Wilde  When: January 4, 2019 Wearing: Erdem suit, Foundrae necklaces Why: With Blake Lively and the women of Congress doing their part in using clothing as a communication tool, we predict 2019 will only bring us more suited joy. Olivia Wilde does it right with an emerald set worn to the  Palm Springs International Film Festival in California. Who: Yara Shahidi  When: January 02, 2019 Wearing: Nanushka top, TRE by Natalie Ratabesi jeans, Casadei heels Why: The secret to wearing crazy denim is to copy Yara Shahidi. Spotted in NYC, the Grownish star smartly paired baggy statement jeans—complete with suspenders—with a simple, yet interesting top. Who: Emma Stone  When: January 3, 2019 Wearing: Louis Vuitton Why: We love Emma Stone's floral jumpsuit at the Palm Springs Film Awards gala, but what really sets her look off is her makeup. We never knew we needed to try petal pink eyeshadow with electric blue mascara. 
 The urbanist's approach to going coastal? A neutral color palette punctuated by animal prints and carefree leather fringe.   Hair by Ward at the Wall Group; makeup by Fulvia Farolfi for Chanel; manicure by Julie Kandalex for Chanel; models: Alexandra Agoston and Jules Horn at IMG; produced by Bjorn F. Gerling at ProductionBerlin Group and Sophie Meister at Production LA; on-set production by Claudio Gomes and Gustavo Dantas. Travel generously provided by LATAM Airlines, Latin America’s leading airline group, offering service to 140 destinations in 25countries worldwide. LATAM, a Oneworld member, offers the most comprehensive network in South America, operating in Argentina, Brazil,Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru; with flights departing to Latin America from New York, Miami, LosAngeles, Orlando, Las Vegas, and Boston. Special thanks to the Janeiro Hotel, Brazil, and Visit Brazil/Embratur. This article originally appeared in the February 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE 
 If  the word 'tripping' makes you think of actually falling (and illegal drugs don't even come to mind) wearing tie dye can be intimidating. It once had a bohemian association with 1960's hippies and The Grateful Dead, but it's quickly losing that whiff of patchouli-esque vibes (although fact: I love all three of those things). Designers like Prabal Gurung made the pattern into work-ready dresses, while Proenza Schouler reinterpreted the ancient fabric technique in moody Rorschach ink blots. Ready to give the trend a try? When you build your outfit make sure you root the loud print in structured cuts or soften it with neutral basics—and read on for more tips on how to wear tie dye beyond the Venice Boardwalk with our guide.  This turtleneck is all over our Instagram feed, so we can't help but want one for ourselves. For the office, temper the bold print with leather pants and sleek, modern accessories.  Proenza Schouler Velvet Long Sleeve Tie Dye Turtleneck, $374; stylebop.com Sea NY Indiana Leather Pants, $1,150; net-a-porter.com Jane Basch Small Puff Hoops, $135; nordstrom.co Tony Bianco Frappe Bootie, $213; nordstrom.com Topshop Carpet Bag, $48; topshop.com A bright dress like this pairs well with white accessories, but try a bolder look with even more color. Search for elevated takes on beach classics: a beaded bag over straw, lucite heels instead of espadrilles, and load up on jewelry.  Prabal Gurung Tie Dye Midi Dress, $1,795; modaoperandi.com  Rejina Pyo Zoe Perspex and Leather Sandals, $545; net-a-porter.com Sashi Tilu Anklet, $35; shopbop.com Cult Gaia Acrylic Luna Shoulder Bag, $398; shopbop.com Lizzie Fortunato Whirlpool Earrings, $210; lizziefortunato.com A tie dye piece should be the standout item in your outfit, so don't fight the print. Let it shine with cool, classic neutrals like a basic denim jacket.   Everlane Denim jacket, $88; everlane.com Rhode Resort Sienna Pleated Tie-Dye Cotton Midi Skirt, $315; modaoperandi.com Cult Gaia Sloane Oversized Acrylic Earrings, $160; net-a-porter.com Sam Edelman Hai Tall Boots, $140; shopbop.com A hoodie under a coat is our go-to winter outfit. This is a prime opportunity to incorporate a loud tie dye a rainbow swirl, and is softened by black and white basics.  Joe’s USA Hoodie, $30; amazon.com Babaton Stedman Wool Cot, $250; aritzia.com Chloé High Rise Flared Jeans, $1,095; net-a-porter.com  Crosty Onda Cream, $375; crosty.com Madewell Leather Crossbody Wallet, $88; nordstrom.com
 The active lifestyle is one that requires much more than slipping on your favorite pair of black leggings. After all, your days are probably spent running frantically from errands to meetings to lunch (or happy hour) before catching a session of Rumble Boxing, and you need a wardrobe that just as flexible as your schedule. You need active pieces that provide support, function, versatility, and style. That's where Adam Selman Sport comes in. (A.S.S. Get it?) Launching today on Net-a-Porter, the moderately priced 35-piece collection retails for under $300 and serves up  unisex offerings that range from size XXS to XXL. It's designed "for an active metropolitan lifestyle, taking its wearer from deadlines to deadlifts, from sit-ups to sit-downs and from working to working out," says a press release. Selman drew on inspiration from sportswear from different eras and translated his signature cheeky, blingy aesthetic onto staples like bras, cropped tops, leggings, compression shorts, and tracksuits.    Rhinestones, leopard prints, bold colors, and sheer detailing also make up the playful collection that's as versatile and inclusive as it is sustainable. Selman opted to use recycled nylon and polyester to create each garment, which are all packaged in eco-friendly and biodegradable material developed especially for the collection. We're sorry to hear that Selman won't be doing ready-to-wear collections anymore, but if this line is what we get as a trade-off, we're down.   Shop some of the pieces below.
 Valentine's Day is right around the corner, but you've been prepping for this all year. You've watched closely and are ready to prove you were paying attention to those late night talks about the perfect ravioli. You've even noticed how she lit up when she found out about rising signs! Props to you! Now shop 26 thoughtful, practical, and romantic gifts for your wife here.  A scarf of lovers, for your lover.  It's her favorite pasta, so it's your favorite pasta too.  If she casually mentioned staying in for Valentine's day, make sure you two do it in style.  You'll be surprised how much she'll freak out over a new comforter, especially one named after her favorite TV character.  Your birth chart is about to get more interesting.  A hair mask is a gift that keeps on giving.  An instant camera will limit how many photos she asks you to take of her.  An investment watch like this will be cherished forever.  She's not a shower beer kind of woman.  Since you noticed her current journal is running out of blank pages.   She's a firm believer that one can never have too many blankets.  Include ingredients so you can bake together.  She might love weightlifting more than you.  You can't whisk her away to Kyoto or Santorini just yet, but this candle set will suffice for now.  What's not to love about this wild lipstick?  The most romantic, yet practical, gift is lumbar support.  You already gave her a traditional wedding ring, so opt for a playful style for Valentine's Day.  She's been having trouble falling asleep, and this will help.  A designer bag is a classic gift, but she won't expect one this good.  Way better than gifting a LBD.  For the girl that already owns a Chanel bag, an iconic belt is the next step.  You're not actually gifting this cardigan, but a kit to make it.   She's been complaining about how this bag is just too tiny, but we all know she really wants one.  Get right to the point with Victoria's Secret.  She's not the type to hike, but she's the type to wear designer hiking boots. And that's why you love her.  This love token—which is trending right now—represents seven of Plato’s types of love.
 It’s the day after my appearance in Lagos, Nigeria, at the Aké Arts & Book Festival. I scroll through my Instagram feed, still too tired to do anything other than relive the moment online. “Love the dress!” says one response. “You look gorgeous!” says another. “Simply stunning!” Though the event was well attended and my books sold out, it was my dress—by Zimbabwean-American label Shangani Fashion—that stole the spotlight. A few years ago, the hashtag #AskHerMore went viral, as influential feminists raged against red carpet reporters asking actresses who they were wearing— arguing that women’s achievements were being overshadowed by superfluous fashion choices. I understand their reasoning, but in my world, fashion has deep meaning. Although I’m not a celebrity, I am a writer who has been fortunate enough to have a platform, and the simple question “Who are you wearing?” is my opportunity to shine a light on those in the margins. I take pride in saying the names of black designers out loud in white spaces, because we matter. In October, at the American Music Awards, Tracee Ellis Ross made a statement by wearing pieces exclusively by black designers, including Dapper Dan for Gucci and Virgil Abloh of Off-White.  Issa Rae took the same approach at the CFDA Fashion Awards in June, resplendent in a lime-green pantsuit by up-and-coming designer Sergio Hudson and a red lace-up gown by Parsons grad Shanel Campbell.  It almost brought me to tears, watching Ross and Rae, regal in their stances. Inspired, I decided that I would make more of an effort to wear clothes by designers of color. I hadn’t always taken this kind of pride in my heritage. Growing up in Jamaica as a black person in a colonized country, I believed what I had been told about myself: We were savages to be tamed. I was taught from a young age never to trust others like me—black people with the same history, struggling against defeat. We gave each other the side-eye, always distrustful. Anyone daring to think, dress, or desire outside the neat little box designed for us was condemned. In school, we all wore the same British-style uniforms. I remember how restrictive they were—the heavy cotton and starch, trapping my body’s heat. My skin itched, but I never complained. Perhaps inevitably, by the time I came of age in the ’90s, I had learned to place much more value on northern European ideals—fashion, literature, aesthetics—than on anything from my own country. Even after I moved to America at the age of 17, clothes were still a uniform of sorts for me, a costume I wore to conform. I worked at the mall and spent my lunch breaks browsing racks of clothes from Forever 21 and Express, fumbling my way into womanhood, into Americanness, hoping to fit both roles. However, no matter what I put on, Americans saw right through it. “You’re Jamaican, right?” asked a guy on my college campus. We had never spoken. How did he know? In those years, in some unknown way, I was self-conscious about my alien status. This was long before it dawned on me that no matter how I dress, no matter what I do, I’ll always be “alien” as a black person in America.  I had been dressing to assimilate all these years; now I was dressing to be seen. This epiphany liberated me. And it helped me learn to love myself and my people, both out of despair and in defiance, in a way that I never had before. Ten years into my life in this country, I reinvented myself. I began to wear clothing that made me feel good—bold African prints and florals, broadcasting my unapologetic approach to life; bright colors, complementing the deep melanin in my skin; and loose, comfortable shapes, now that I’m no longer required to wear those restrictive uniforms. I had been dressing to assimilate all these years; now I was dressing to be seen. I have found community in black-owned boutiques. Martine’s Dream, in the heart of Crown Heights, Brooklyn, brings to mind the Caribbean with its island-inspired, bohemian-chic airy cotton dresses and skirts, its kimonos and caftans. TracyChambers Vintage and Indigo Style Vintage, also both Brooklyn-based, sell timeless pieces— from sweaters reminiscent of Denise Huxtable’s wardrobe on The Cosby Show to pleated dresses with shoulder pads and gold buttons that are very Clair Huxtable. I go out of my way—and sometimes, out of my budget—to support them, and other local black female designers: Hibara Stores, Royal Jelly Harlem, Busayo, Keafrica. Further out of my budget, but very much on my radar, are designers like Abloh, now the head of Louis Vuitton menswear, and Pyer Moss’s critically lauded designer Kerby Jean-Raymond. The fashion world, like the literary world, is not known for regularly heralding black talents. Slowly but surely, things are changing. Pyer Moss’s spring 2019 show—set in Weeksville, New York (now Crown Heights), one of the first free black communities in the country—was its most politically charged yet. Jean-Raymond’s viral T-shirt with the message “Stop Calling 911 on the Culture” earned him plaudits from critics as well as customers. For me, the best thing about my new, carefully chosen wardrobe is the sense of security it gives me. I confidently glide into rooms—especially in literary spaces, where black women writers are sparse—knowing my people have got my back.  Nicole Dennis-Benn is the author of Here Comes the Sun and the forthcoming novel Patsy, set to be released this June. This article originally appeared in the February 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE 
 Rita Ora doesn’t believe in a demarcation between on- and offstage life, at least when it comes to her theatrical fashion sense. So after Giuseppe Zanotti designed custom shoes for the 28-year-old’s last UK tour, Ora embarked on a collaboration with the designer, adapting her arena style for everyday wear. The capsule, which launched in January, includes stiletto heels, over-the-knee boots, and slides, all with gold Cuban-link accents inspired by the “Let You Love Me” singer’s maximalist style. (“I love wearing loads of jewelry at inappropriate places, like the beach,” she says.) Ora, who’s currently gearing up for a tour after releasing her album Phoenix in November, had one key mandate: Everything had to be comfortable. Ora has a sneaker collection over 500 pairs strong and often judges shoes based on her ability to dance and run in them. “Eventually,” she says, “I would love to do a pair of sneakers with [Zanotti].” The designer is open to the idea: “When you work with somebody, you write a chapter. This was chapter one. We finished a chapter, but not the book.” It wouldn’t be Ora’s first foray into the athletic market. Back in 2014, she partnered with Adidas Originals on athleisure and sneakers. “There really weren’t any sports collabs going on back then,” she says. “Now you have Rihanna for Puma and Kendall [Jenner] and Hailey [Baldwin] for Adidas Originals. I’m already thinking about the next step of the collaboration system.” And what might that be? “I can’t tell you,” she whispers cheekily, “because then everyone is going to start doing that.” This article originally appeared in the February 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 For some, a particularly poignant commercial or movie is enough to cause tears. For Celine Dion, it was Valentino's spring 2019 haute couture collection.  Pierpaolo Piccioli's show was undoubtedly one for the books. The designer assembled a diverse cast of models, in part inspired by a Cecil Beaton photograph. What it would be like if the picture was recreated with black women, the designer wondered. With that as jumping off point, a parade of jaw-dropping, magnificently colorful dresses took to the runway.    Lady, I’m with you. @celinedion @maisonvalentino @pppiccioli A post shared by  Laura Brown (@laurabrown99) on Jan 23, 2019 at 10:58am PST As captured on Instagram, it was a stunning bright yellow taffeta gown with a giant bow on the back that breezed past Dion and left her tearful in its wake. Intrepid fans pointed out that the song playing as the model walked was Roberta’s Flack’s “The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face” — the same one that played at Dion’s wedding to her late husband René Angélil for their first dance—so that undoubtedly had something to do with it.     But that being said, impeccably designed collections just do something to Dion. At Alexandre Vauthier she did this as a gown walked by. We can't hear her, but we're sure she's gesturing "poetry in motion." Celine Dion loving a couture look pic.twitter.com/qMjHYjpUbC And last year at Giambattista Valli's  fall/winter 2016 show, the FROW favorite couldn't hide her emotions as Valli's stunning creations walked down the runway. From cheering like a proud soccer mom to giving a thumbs up, Dion couldn't be stopped.  She returned to Valli’s 2018 couture presentation as excited as ever and jumped up and down in pure delight as the designer did his final walk.   Céline Dion love, love, LOVES the Giambattista Valli show, as the designer hugs Francois Pinault, his new backer - and Eurogirls have a glam fest A post shared by  Suzy Menkes (@suzymenkesvogue) on Jul 3, 2017 at 1:55pm PDT But real talk: If you can't be as excited as Celine Dion at Paris Couture Week, should you even be there?
 Maybe it has something to do with Outlander, the lusty STARZ show set in 18th century Scotland that developed a serious cult following. Caitriona Balfe's Victorian costumes and corsetry were almost as appealing as Sam Heughan wearing, well, not much of anything.  And then there's The Favourite, the critically acclaimed Victorian comedy centered around capital L ladies Rachel Weisz and Emma Stone vying for the ear of Queen Anne, played by Olivia Colman. All that scheming in such flattering décolletage-exposing bodices.  That low, square neckline is flattering as hell, particularly for those of us without long swan necks. Brands like Doen and Orseund Iris seem to be at the center of The Neckline's (TM) contemporary resurgence, but there are an abundance of them lately, and all of them, mercifully, without the constricting bones and laces of actual corsets.   🌹 A post shared by  alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on Nov 3, 2018 at 12:34pm PDT It's one of the silhouettes our office has wordlessly hive-minded around—I wore a square neck Doen dress with a ruched bodice on repeat all summer, and then Mia wore a colder-weather version from & Other Stories in the fall. We all nodded in mutual appreciation of Alyssa Coscarelli's Are You Am I bodysuit: Yes, this is good.  Shop some of our favorites.   
 The Internet is messy and terrible and sometimes hilarious. Couture fashion is elegant and rarified and expensive. It would seem that these things don't mix. And yet, today Viktor & Rolf put out a couture collection featuring voluminous tulle ballgowns plastered with memes.  Trust me, there's a dress to fit your every mood. Viktor and Rolf's spring 2019 collection stayed true to the duo's commitment to bold, head-turning looks. For their fall 2017 couture show, Viktor and Rolf sent a diverse range of models dressed as massive life-sized dolls down the runway in puffy, quilted nylon designs. The duo followed up with a more pared-down collection for their spring 2018 couture collection, which saw a few models donning giant floral face masks.  
 Clothing trends usually have well-defined shelf life. What may be the It-Sneaker of the season could be all over your feed one day, but six months later the hype is sure to die down. Jewelry trends, on the other hand, can be a bit are harder to spot. So in the Marie Kondo spirit, we went on the hunt for jewelry trends we should try for 2019 and ones to leave behind. We tapped Joanne Teichman, owner of e-retailer Ylang 23, to tell us which pieces she’s gravitating towards and Maria Tash, an OG New York piercer turned jewelry designer, to weigh in on what's worth getting pricked for. Surprise! Belly button piercings aren't making a comeback, but you'll be surprised to see what's on the list, ahead.    The last line woman buys HERSELF a gift (or two) for the holidays because she knows she deserves it. 💎⭐️ A post shared by  The Last Line (@thelastlinela) on Dec 20, 2018 at 6:23pm PST "Customers (even conservative ones) have curiosity and interest in seeing multiple piercings and find it easy to experiment [with], one additional piercing at a time,” says Teichman. Tash agrees: "Layering jewelry above multiple piercings going up the ear in a second row, or staggered in between old piercings creates a fresh, deliberate effect," she says. For maximum effect, stick to a theme. "These [jewelry] pieces should all relate to each other thematically, like celestial elements like stars, moons, or lightning bolts, pierced in a horizontal arc that point to a central hero jewelry element."   An exiting part of #LuxuryPiercing is the fine spacing and alignment of #piercings to create unique styles. This ear recently styled and pierced by our expert piercers in Rome can be inspiration for your own bespoke #CuratedEar. For piercing and styling appointments at our global locations, #NewYork, #London, #Rome, #Dublin, and soon #Dubai, click the link in our profile!⠀⠀ .⠀ 📸: @andrea_oronero #piercer⠀ 🏬: @rinascente #italy #ViaDelTritone⠀ 💍: #MariaTash #piercing #piercings⠀ A post shared by  Maria Tash (@mariatash) on Nov 14, 2018 at 3:39pm PST  "The high lobe is a fun accent to an existing first lobe piercing," says Tash, of the area above a piercing you've probably had forever. She also suggests other why-didn't-I-think-of-that placements like the tash rook or contra-conch. "These added elements should be small, readable, and flatter existing piercings," advises the piercing pro.   Necklace goals via @jasmyntea A post shared by  Maria Dueñas Jacobs (@mduenasjacobs) on Jun 21, 2018 at 7:06am PDT "We love a good neck mess. Add chains and pendants in varying sizes and looks to create your own look," says Teichman. Styling that mingles thick and thin chains and beads create a refined look that's more modern, less Serena Van Der Woodsen of Gossip Girl.   Venture outside your rose gold comfort zone with precious stones and colored enamel, because "2019 is a breakout year for color," Teichman says. "We especially look forward to seeing what Irene Neuwirth comes up with. She’s the queen of color!"    Which Favorite At You Going To To Add To Your Collection For Valentines Day 🔛♥️❔ #jenniferfisher #charms #valentinesday A post shared by  JENNIFER FISHER (@jenniferfisherjewelry) on Jan 12, 2019 at 5:56am PST "With all that’s swirling around us, good luck charms are a must in 2019, " advises Teichman. Ward off bad vibes with 14k amulets, or look to the stars with a zodiac pendant.  Marla Aaron’s baby locks and Foundrae’s Belcher chains will help you load up your necklace with even more personal symbols.  
 "Forget buying or gifting birthstone jewelry, customers are buying what they really love!" says Teichman. "I’m an Aquarius and personally don’t love garnet, but ruby, diamond, opal, tanzanite, or sapphire? Yes, please!" In other words, wear what you want to, and don't let your arbitrary birthstone define you. "Requests for oral piercings such as lip and tongue piercings are infrequent" says Tash, who used to have a lower lip piercing herself. "I think the interaction with teeth and gums is why many people keep these oral piercings for just a few years." The same goes for dermal piercings, which are single point piercings that are anchored under the skin. "Dermal piercings are beautiful, but tend to grow out over time, and should be thought of as temporary piercings."   "Huge statement earrings are being replaced by multiple piercings, mismatched earrings, and even one 'work ear' and one 'party ear,'" says Teichman. ELLE editors are on the fence about this one, because we will probably die in our collar grazers, but the choice is yours. Personalized jewelry isn't necessarily out, but its current incarnate isn't as obvious. "We used to see so much traction around [getting names, birthdays, initials] and it has really slowed down," Teichman says. Instead, it's all about those aforementioned charms. Look for those meaningful tokens like "like photos in MyStory lockets or pets on Irene Neuwirth charms [because] adding an engraving to any of these is easy." 
 Shop Balenciaga, Jacquemus, and more for up to 70% off.  If you've found yourself in a winter style rut, good news: MatchesFashion is here with a truly epic sale to save the day. From Proenza to Balenciaga, Chloé, and beyond, some of the season's hottest designer buys are currently up to 70% off on the fashion retailer's site. On top of that, select sale items are also an additional 20% off now through January 27. To help you navigate the 56-page sale, we scoured some of the best finds below. Happy shopping!  Originally $1,140 (70% off)  Wear it now with slouchy leather boots, then wear it come spring/summer with a colorful pair of sandals.  Originally $375 (40% off)  Scoop up a classic bag from this Instagram-favorite brand while it's on sale.  Originally $1,250 (70% off) A '70s-inspired turtleneck you'll want to wear for the rest of winter.  Originally $980 (50% off)  A statement bootie that you can wear from winter through spring.   Originally $410 (40% off)  Equal parts flattering and chic, this waist-defining blazer is sure to become a favorite in your work (and play) wardrobe.  Originally $220 (50% off) Two of spring's biggest jewelry trends—seashells and pearls—come together as one in these '80s-inspired statement earrings.  Originally $1,420 (60% off)  Say hello to your new favorite skirt for the office. Style it with a turtleneck and boots and you've got an instant Meghan Markle-approved look.  Originally $1,695 (50% off, plus extra 20% off at checkout) Gianvito Rossi's perfect knee-high boots are finally on sale—now's the time to invest in a pair that you'll wear for years to come.  Originally $328 (50% off) A striped shirt you can wear all year-round. Style it with a pair of trousers for the office or a pair of jeans for a more casual look.  Originally $1,632 (60% off)   Treat yourself to this luxe bucket bag while it's 60% off.  Originally $490 (50% off) Our obsession with '90s-esque bucket hats isn't going anywhere just yet. This vintage Burberry one is guaranteed to win over Instagram.  Originally $995 (50% off)  Add a pair of boots and you've got the perfect look for work or the weekend.  Originally $1,390 (50% off)  Good news if you've been lusting over these crystal-encrusted Balenciagas all season: they're officially half off now. Treat yo'self.  Originally $595 (60% off) Printed turtlenecks quickly emerged as this season's must-have breakout trend. Try the look with this checked Chloé style that will look good layered under a blazer or worn on its own with a pair of denim. Originally $1,186 (50% off) If you don't already own a classic trench coat, now's the time to invest in one that you can transition right into spring.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 The Giambattista Valli runway was awash with voluminous, extra AF frocks, because everyone knows when it comes to the Italian designer's dreamy creations, there's no such thing as too much tulle.  The designer took a deep dive into the '80s for the house's spring 2019 collection, bringing back the off-the-shoulder necklines, high-low hems, ruffles upon ruffles, all in super-saturated reds and magentas. Jennifer Lopez offered up a preview of the collection, wearing a bubblegum pink tulle confection to attend the premiere of her film Second Act in December.  On the runway, there were various iterations: plunging neckline, off-the-shoulder, and high necklines, a mix of high-low and floor-length hems, paired with cowboy boots, fez hats, and oversized bow accents.   “Today, France is being torn apart culturally and socially. I thought it was important to remind myself why I came here, and what makes it an extraordinary country,” the Italian designer told WWD. Aside from the '80s references, Valli also looked to haute couture history and its major players: Hubert de Givenchy and Yves Saint Laurent, as couture trains and playful silhouettes rounded out Valli's spring 2019 range. "It’s an atmosphere you only find in French haute couture houses—this eclecticism, this lively silhouette, these uninhibited women with their slightly brazen attitude, this mix of cultures." 
 Snow covered the streets of Paris today but inside the Grand Palais, where Karl Lagerfeld showed his spring 2019 couture collection for Chanel, is was a decadent summer sojourn at the Villa Chanel. (This on the heels of Lagerfeld's spring 2019 collection, which brought a beach with real sand, lifeguards, and an actual ebbing and flowing ocean to the Grand Palais, as the backdrop for the collection.)  The stunning setting, evocative of a villa on Monte Carlo or the south of France, featured palm trees, a grand double staircase that led to a manicured lawn complete with a giant pool at the center.  Inspired by Lagerfeld's favorite time period, the 18th century, the collection saw Chanel signatures like the tweed suit updated with a longer hemline and bateau necklines.   There were plenty of nods to the '80s as well, including bubble hem dresses, pointed-toe kitten-heel booties, sharp, poofed-up shoulders, ruffle trims and feathers in a sweet palette of bubblegum pink, light blue, mint green and pastel yellow.  Models were made up with dramatic smoldering eyes, fire-red lips, and towering, '80s punk-inspired updos.  But of all the looks presented at the Chanel Haute Couture show, all eyes were on the final look of the night, the Chanel Couture bridal look. Lagerfeld veered away from the traditional couture bridal gown and sent model Vittoria Ceretti down the runway in a dazzling, sequined bathing suit with a matching swimming cap and a glittery veil.  As with all couture shows, Chanel traditionally ends each couture collection with a bridal look, and Lagerfeld himself accompanies the "bride" at the end of her walk.  But this year, the head of the luxury house was no where in sight. Instead, Lagerfeld's right hand, Virginie Viard, took the bow instead, leaving many to wonder what caused Lagerfeld's sudden absence.  "For the traditional greeting at the end of the show, Mr Lagerfeld, artistic director of Chanel, who was feeling tired, asked Virginie Viard, director of the creative studio of the house, to represent him and greet the guests alongside the bride,” the brand said in a statement to WWD.  The brand continued, writing, “Virginie Viard as creative studio director and Eric Pfrunder as Chanel’s director of image continue to work with him and follow through with the brand’s collections and image campaigns," and wished Lagerfeld a speedy recovery.   
 Major changes are afoot at the French fashion house.  Per The New York Times, Lanvin's new creative director has finally been named after a period of uncertainty. Bruno Sialelli joins the brand from Spanish fashion house Loewe, where he served as the head of menswear, per WWD. Lanvin's relatively new owners, the Chinese company Fosun International, and its newly-appointed chief executive, Jean-Philippe Hecquet, made the announcement. In a statement (via The New York Times), Hecquet said it was Sialelli's "singular and very personal vision, his audacity, his culture, his energy and ability to build a strong creative team" that made him the perfect person for the coveted role.  Back in March 2018 it was announced that Olivier Lapidus was leaving Lanvin after less than a year as the brand's creative director. Then, in November 2018, it was revealed that Lucas Ossendrijver, Lanvin's menswear artistic director, was also leaving the company after 14 years. WWD claims that there could be further changes to come, suggesting that the house’s jewelry designer, Elie Top, could also be eyeing a move. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 Paris Couture fashion week spring 2019 kicked off with a dazzling circus-inspired Dior show, but the other show is on the street. Click through to see how show-goers are battling the cold and dressing for fashion's fanciest runway shows with our daily updates, courtesy of photographer Tyler Joe.  
 Jimmy Choo taps Kaia Gerber, KENZO goes technicolor, and more. Jimmy Choo taps Kaia Gerber, KENZO goes technicolor, and more from your favorite designers who are serving up fresh imagery for their  latest fashion campaigns.
 We're only three weeks into January and I already hate all of my winter clothing. But since I've put myself on a light shopping fast (something I tend to do at the top of every year) a quick fix won't solve my style conundrums. So I've done the next thing: Asked some of the most well-dressed women I know to share how they break out of style ruts without spending a dime. Read on for what eight of them had to say.  "I’m really fortunate to have a close-knit circle of friends and we have a '90 day brunch swap!' Every 90 days, we purge our closets of pieces we have over worn, impulse purchased, or items that are never going to fit in again. We rotate hosting at our respective homes and we catch up on life, goals, hot topics, and exchange clothes. Then each of us draws a name from a hat and tries to create a look for the other person. Just think about how many times you have had ladies night and secretly eyed your girlfriend's new Stella McCartney Blazer—well in less than 90 days she could be passing it over to you, with styling tips as you both sip mimosas!  "I shop with the intent to layer and it allows me to get more wear on my seasonal items. There is no reason why the dress I splurged on at Net-A-Porter during the summer can't be worn to my office holiday party with a turtle neck and boots later in the year. Layering adds longevity!" "Being in a style rut may sound a little frivolous, but the negative ripple effect is real. I personally feel sluggish and unmotivated when I feel crappy about what I’m wearing on a daily basis. So when I got in my last rut I did something about it. I cleaned out my closet—donated the things I didn’t want to wear anymore and rediscovered the pieces I like but forgot about because they were hidden in the back. I bought a small garment rack from Ikea for $13 and put the buried treasures on the rack. It served as a reminder to go for those pieces." "At some point, I think we’ve all had that feeling where we look in our closets and think “I have nothing to wear!” To break out of a style rut without spending a dime, my best tips are: Look to your style icons and other fashion-lovers for inspiration. Instagram, Pinterest and the outfit ideas gallery on StitchFix.com are my go tos for new ideas for styling old favorites or items I haven't worn in a while. Documenting my own outfits on my own Instagram stories  @mduenasjacobs helps me catalogue favorite looks that I can reference and repeat at a later date. Finally, pick one of your favorite staple pieces in your closet and accessorize it! For example, pair denim jeans with a crisp white shirt and dress it up with some fun jewelry. I love to stack my rings and play around with different earrings which can transform and elevate a casual outfit." "I have my friends come over and help me edit my closet. When they get excited about my archive pieces and items that are living in my storage, it reminds me to bring them to the front of my closet and let them live again." "Borrow from your friends or family. My mum has many vintage treasures that I love to borrow (mainly accessories!). Sometimes, I also like to just take a walk outside. It sounds simple, but sitting outside for a  Parisian coffee is the best way to watch people's style! You always can find an idea on how to use some of your wardrobe in a different way (for example add a belt to your favorite jacket.) "I follow close to 2,500 people on Instagram and a lot of them are just for style inspiration. I love accounts like @stylememaeve, who is one of my favorite stylists, to accounts like @double3xposure and @andrewsdrawer for daily style inspiration. I also like to clean out my closet once a month to really focus on what I’m wearing most and evolve my style. I say if you haven’t worn it in six months, it’s not worth the space (especially if you live in an NYC apartment!). I have a rack in my apartment of just my go-to’s. Whenever I’m in a style rut, I force myself to just wear items from the basics for a week to find new ways to wear my favorite things. You’d be surprised at how creative you can get!" "Make a little rule for yourself that you are only allowed to wear whatever you can't stop wearing on certain days. There is also the option of color. If you are stuck in a sea of black and gray, try dressing in a monochromatic color scheme. Put things together that you never would have thought of before. Pair the red jeans with the red sweater and some camel shoes. Wake up those green pants with a green button down and silver shoes! And if you really must keep wearing jeans...then try denim on denim with a belt. Sometimes, you just have to go out and do the opposite of what you are doing."  "The easiest way to switch up your look is to start with updating how you style your accessories. If you typically wear sneakers or flats with denim, swap them for heels with sheer hosiery to dress it up a bit. I constantly find style inspiration from Instagram. Some of my favorite accounts are: @erika_boldrin, @_jeanettemadsen_, @gildaambrosio, and @thora_valdimars."
 How hard did age hit you? We ask, because by now you've seen or participated in social media's #10YearChallenge, the latest viral internet craze asking users to compare photos of themselves from 2008/2009 and 2018/2019 (your choice), and for some there was a drastic change. But for Olivia Culpo, former Miss Universe star, it's her style that really had the ultimate glow-up. "I used to wear SO much large accessories, like huge statement necklaces that just makes the outfit look so overwhelming," she told ELLE.com at the launch of her Express x Olivia Culpo collection. "Now, I tend to stuck to clean lines and silhouettes—that’s always been my thing. I love the architecture of things and the way things fit my body, so I like accessories I can use to create a nice shape."  Culpo pushes her chair back from massive white table where we're sitting to show off her outfit of the day: a white boyfriend blazer with black stripes layered on top of a cropped black mock-neck shirt (with a utility belt to create a slimmer fit)  and high-waisted leather shorts, all from her 32-piece collection with the beloved retailer.  Comprised of transitional pieces dipped in a mix of bold and safe colors, the Olivia Culpo x Express collection ranges from $35 to $138, offering up tracksuits, jumpsuits, dresses, and loungewear created for women to "feel happy and empowered." "I really wanted to create this collection for the woman who is savvy and does it all. The line was inspired by the everyday girl who is confident and can take these pieces and wear it many different ways," she continued. "I designed this collection based on my style, but I'm also thinking about the average, everyday girl and what she looks like and wants to wear. I don’t wear a ton of pink, but I created a pink sequin dress, which is so left-field for me but there's a woman out there that may love that. That’s why working with Express was so interesting because they know what their consumer wants, I know what I like and what my followers, so it’s the perfect marriage." Culpo turns her attention to the "GRL PWR" graphic t-shirt from the collection hanging on a rack behind her, a shirt inspired by the organization GRL PWR. "Girl power to me means women building each other up, accepting each other for who we are, and trying our hardest to come together to grow as a whole," says the designer. Acceptance and "honoring myself more" are Culpo's top priority for the new year.  "I want to continue on this journey of self-love, loving yourself so much that you’re able to be the best version of yourself for everybody that you encounter," Culpo explains. "When you’re hurting inside or you’re not loving yourself enough, you’re unable to give your best version of yourself to anyone. The whole journey of life, to me, is about learning how to love yourself more so you can be the best version for yourself and everyone else who's on this same journey." Check out some standout looks from the Olivia Culpo x Express collection below. 
 The invite to Virgil Abloh's second menswear collection for Louis Vuitton was a tell: a white diamante-encrusted glove. A video of it was posted to Instagram with the caption, "There's only one." Michael Jackson would be theme of the fall collection.  So how does that play out in Abloh's mind?  The show opened with intro to "Thriller." The first grouping of models zig-zagged the runway, a recreation of the intersection of Ludlow and Rivington Sts. in NYC's Lower East Side, in shades of grey: double-layered suit jackets, military-inspired shirts, and puffer jackets and vests.  In an interview with Interview Magazine, Virgil said he listens to Michael Jackson in his studio for inspiration.  "My next Louis Vuitton collection is going to be based on Michael Jackson," he said, "and when I have Michael singing in the background, it’s a different type of shirt, it’s a different kind of boot, it’s a different fit of pants. Music is key." The light grey color palette gave way to darker charcoal grey, then black, before shades of purple peppered the runway.  And if you were wondering what the first must have/WTF accessory trend of the year would be, look for these blown-up backpacks and carryalls (truly you can carry everything in them).  He also showed glow-in-the-dark monogram bags and brought back the reflective sneaker trend:  For the finale, a cluster of models walked out to a lively rendition of Michael Jackson's "Wanna Be Startin Something" where model Alton Mason stole the show with his dance solo and multiple backflips before an overjoyed Virgil slipped out of the grocery store to do his final walk.   @louisvuitton finale! 👏🏾 👏🏾 A post shared by  Yashua (Simmons) (@yashuasimmons) on Jan 17, 2019 at 6:31am PST Everyone from Naomi Campbell looking like an absolute boss to Timothée Chalamet showed up for what has quickly become one of the must-see shows on the menswear circuit. 
 If It Textures on It Bags were a thing, embossed croc would be it. And lately, all your favorite indie brands like Staud, By Far, Wandler, and more are making it look expensive—without costing you all the money. Cut in ladylike micro styles and modern shapes, it's safe to say you don't own anything like it. Yet. Check out 13 mock croc reasons to treat yourself to a new bag in this round up of our favorites.  A micro take on this micro trend.  Nothing in your closet looks like this (which means you need it).  The shoulder bag deserves more attention.  An unusual shape in a classic hue.  I've written about this bag already, but I think I need it in another color.  You can never have too many crossbodies.   The embossing on this bag is magnified by the soft beige color.  It was just announced that Trademark is folding, so now's the time to stock up on their cult-favorite accessories.  We heart this one.  This sturdy tote can handle the heaviest of laptops.  For belt bag enthusiasts, try this baby pink bucket bag.  Ladylike, with a modern twist.  The acetate handles give this bag a vintage touch. 
 Earlier this week, Rihanna sent the Navy into a tizzy when she stepped out in New York City in a pair of oversized statement sunglasses that had "Fenty" inscribed on the sides. She wore the mysterious Fenty shades again during another outing in New York City.   Rihanna partied in NYC on Jan 14 wearing: ▪️ mystery sunglasses with the "FENTY" logo ▪ @vetements_official Spring 2015 blazer (sold out) ▪ @maisonmargiela mesh bodysuit ($480) ▪ @citizensofhumanity "Avedon" skinny jeans ($198) ▪ @savagexfenty mesh and lace bra ($54) ▪ @dior "DiorAddict Lockbox" bag (from €3,400) ▪ @balenciaga "Knife" ankle boots ($1,290) ▪ @jacquieaiche x @mrbrainwash "Life is Beautiful" necklace (price upon request) ▪ @jacquieaiche custom emerald necklace (similar pictured) ▪️ @jacquieaiche emerald crescent necklace ($7,750) ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 🛍 Shop available pieces on the blog [link in bio] 📸 via @papculture - #rihanna #vetements #maisonmargiela #margiela #citizensofhumanity #savagexfenty #savagex #dior #balenciaga #jacquieaiche #mrbrainwash #jaxbrainwash A post shared by  Haus of Rihanna (@hausofrihanna) on Jan 15, 2019 at 8:04am PST Is she dropping a standalone sunglasses collection or a full-blown accessory line? Neither—at least, not yet: the singer is gearing up to take her fashion reach to the next level by going luxury.  According to WWD, Rihanna is joining forces with LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, home to Fendi, Christian Dior, Kenzo, Givenchy and more, to launch her very own luxury house, which would make it the first time ever LVMH chairman and chief executive officer Bernard Arnault launched a brand new house under the company since Christian Lacroix in 1987. To start, Rihanna will receive assistance from employees from LVMH's brands, including Louis Vuitton and Celine, along with her own team to develop her collection, which will likely include fashion, leather goods and accessories, due out sometime this year.  Of course, this news comes as no surprise as Rihanna has already whipped up several fashion collections, including her debut collection with UK retailer River Island in 2013 and then multiple collections (and runway shows) for her Fenty x Puma range. Fashion aside, the singer has become a formidable force in the lingerie department with her eponymous lingerie label Savage x Fenty and the beauty world with the launch of Fenty Beauty. 
 Offset's 2018 ended pretty badly, from his Instagram apology to Cardi B for "breaking God’s promise, and being a selfish and messed up husband" to interrupting her Rolling Loud performance to apologize again for his wrongdoings. But 2019 has been shaping up to be a great year for the rapper, as he's on a mission to expand his fashion week modeling portfolio. His latest gig? Walking in Off-White's fall 2019 runway show.  Offset stepped onto the grass runway in a lilac, floor-length puffer coat with a built-in crossbody bag layered over baggy trousers and green sneakers. Naturally, Offset accessorized with a cluster of icy necklaces. The show, dubbed "Public Television," featured a mix of sportswear: puffer coats, insulated overalls, jumpsuits, and helmets. All with relaxed tailoring, and all doused in a vivid color palette of greens, blues, yellows, and purple. If Abloh's latest collection is any indication, skinny jeans are out and wide-leg, baggy jeans are making a comeback.  Fellow rapper Playboi Carti also returned to the runway, wearing a long-sleeved Off-White graphic shirt and lime green wide-leg pants with a matching green Off-White crossbody.  Offset made his runway debut last September at Jeremy Scott in a Pikachu sweater, bright blue PVC trousers and sneaker boots. The rapper may be hard at work to get his relationship back on track, but it seems modeling comes easy. 
 Kiki Layne, breakout star of Barry Jenkins's If Beale Street Could Talk, may just be getting started in her film career, but it feels like she's already a pro. With a critically-acclaimed film under her belt, the 27-year old has quickly turned into a darling of the fashion industry and a red carpet fixture. Luxury designers are clamoring to dress her and, as of today, others have placed her razor sharp cheekbones front and center in their ad campaigns. Joined by Stranger Things' Sadie Sink and Ozark's Julia Garner, Layne stars in the spring Kate Spade ad campaign featuring creative director’s Nicola Glass' first collection. Right before the news broke I caught up with Layne to see why she wanted to work with the brand and what this wild fashion ride has been like.  It’s good I’m so thankful. I don’t know, I’m just enjoying the ride. Really, I’m super excited and for this campaign to finally be out so I can share with people that I’m working with Kate Spade. Um, not necessarily. I do remember thinking how major the Box bag was especially growing up in the '90s. But I’m just excited to be working with the brand now as they’re moving forward with what this brand represents today. The Kate Spade woman is a classy sort of working woman who's still stylish. To me Kate Spade represents a woman who still has stuff to get done. She's like, "yeah I’m stylish but I need to be comfortable and able to move." I’m excited to be a part of a brand that’s meaningful to women in that way.  It's exciting, though, with what Nicola Glass is doing. All of the colors and prints and just how much fun she's having with that. It still definitely has that same sophistication and class to it, but there's also, I feel, this added fun and uniqueness to it. At the shoot, working with Julia [Garner] and Sadie [Sink] was so dope. It was supposed to be just three girls having fun, like on a weekend getaway where silly, random stuff was happening. I was so at ease with what I was wearing. You know they allow me in the campaign to have my hair-wrap still, which to me was the truth. Like if I'm really taking a trip with my girlfriends, I'm probably going to pull up with my hair still wrapped and keep it moving [laughs]. I thought it was awesome that they allowed me to do that.  You could really feel that everyone was really excited about being a part of this campaign, and we all kind of understood what it meant to be a part of this campaign in particular. It was just really warm and Julia and Sadie are super dope. I'm also a huge fan of Stranger Things, so as soon as I learned that I was working with Sadie, I was just like "don't you fan girl her at all" [laughs]. And it dope meeting Julia as well. She's going such great stuff with Ozark and all of that. I also just love that the brand chose us, these young women who are all starting off our careers in these projects in really dope ways, but it's still very much so the beginning for all of us. So I'm really thankful that they even thought to reach out to me. I'm just now hitting twenty thousand followers on Instagram, like, who knows how many I had when they first reached out [laughs].  But to me that speaks to, what we've been saying, that genuine feeling from Kate Spade. They support women and they support the growth of women. Like I said, I'm still thankful I was even invited to the party! I mean, it's been amazing. Working with all of these different brands is just really exciting, and learning more about the individuality of each of these brands, I think that's actually been amazing. I've just been learning so much about these different brands about what's important to them, what are they trying to represent, why it matters to have them in the bigger world of fashion. Sometimes I can just be a big ass kid and it's just like I'm playing dress up. My stylists Wayman and Micah are so dope and we just have so much fun. I'm still very much at the beginning, and so I'm having fun just exploring, and trying new things. Seeing what works, what doesn't work. What am I more comfortable with? Versus what should I maybe step out of my comfort zone a little bit, to explore. Well, I used to model back in high school, and I was one of those people that, every week I was tuning in to America's Next Top Model. So I was into it that way, but I feel like now I'm into really getting to know the brands in a different way. But I've always had an interest in fashion, and always had an interest in the stories you can tell through fashion, but I feel like now I'm more interested in really getting to know these different brands and, again, just understanding why it matters to have all these different brands, like what do the represent to fashion, and what story am I able to tell depending on who I'm wearing. So that's been a big difference in terms of how I've grown, in terms of my relationship to fashion. Truthfully, the first thing that pops in my head is "this black girl can do anything." We're having fun switching it up. Some stuff is softer than others, some stuff is a little bit more edgy. Because, just like for my acting career, I don't want to get stuck into any type of box, and I want to break boundaries in terms of what actresses and black actresses that look like me, what we have historically been allowed to do in Hollywood. And  I want to do the same thing for fashion. That's important. It's another version of representation. What does it mean when I wear something that makes me look like a Disney Princess? Versus something that's like "ooh, maybe Kiki Layne can be a sex symbol." Because these are things that, sometimes dark skin actors with natural hair, we don't get put into those types of conversations. So I definitely recognize the power of using fashion to put myself, to put this image of a black woman, into conversations that maybe historically, we've been left out of. The main thing they always remind me of before I go on the carpets is confidence. Remember, it's all about confidence. You wear the clothes, don't let the clothes wear you. But the best thing about working with them is just how collaborative they are. They really listen, and are just so tuned in to making sure that, even if I'm wearing something that might be a little out of my comfort zone, they still make sure that I am finding comfort in stepping out of my comfort zone. Does that make sense? Rihanna. That's the number one. I think she's amazing. She brings herself to everything that she wears. I don't feel like I ever see her wearing anything and its just like, "girl that does not look good for you," or anything like that. She just brings so much of herself to it—from the different styles she's done with her hair to how she puts that together with the wardrobe—she is definitely someone that I look up to in terms of fashion. And I also do look up to Lupita Nyong'o as well. Especially when she was coming on the scene promoting Twelve Years a Slave. Just seeing this beautiful, chocolate woman, with her hair out wearing these beautiful gown. I'm like, "girl, c'mon, chocolate skin!" Well, I'm excited because I think I'm at the start of doing more promotions for Native Son, its premiering at Sundance this year. What's cool about that is that my character in Native Son is definitely a lot edgier, a lot more fashion forward than Tish. It's also modern, so I think once we start doing more promotion for that, you'll see a shift there in terms of sticking more to who my character in Native Son, Bessie, is, so I'm excited to play around with that. We're just going to keep on playing around, and I'm excited for what works. I'm excited for what doesn't work. I'm having fun, like I said, its always just a really big game of dress-up, which I'm always happy to play. 
 If you're going to celebrate cupid's favorite holiday then you might as well lean into all the sacchrine sweet paraphernalia it has to offer. Because for some, "Pay my rent for Valentine's Day" just doesn't have off up the same whiff of romance. Here, 10 gifts that are doused in hearts, littered in roses, and all the other things you can't help but love.  You guys have no idea how to play bridge, but you will once you give her this set.  Buy two and don't forget the bottle of bubbly.  It's good enough for Rihanna.   Real flowers are fine, but a 14k rose is better.   Red sneakers are just thematic enough.  For the ultimate beauty junkie.  Cooking together is your kink.  There's always room for another pair of hoop earrings, especially when they're this affordable.  Gift her a swimsuit, then whisk her away to a tropical destination.  The dream shoe does exist.   To store all your love notes. 
 Bralettes—remember those? The happy medium between a sports bra and those painful underwire bras that rip into your rib cage. They're also a largely overlooked piece of lingerie, often relegated to the back of your underwear drawer. But Everlane, the beloved eco-friendly fashion label, is on a mission to change that.    Launching today, Everlane's first-ever bralette collection (described as "the bra that goes under everything,") retails for just $24. The super soft bralette is crafted with double-layered Supima cotton, has no painful underwires or padding, and comes with adjustable straps so you can customize to your desired fit. The Bralette also come in neutral hues, from classic black and white to pale blue and pink. Everlane's newest launch follows the brand's foray into underwear last March with the launch of four different underwear styles: The Thong, The Bikini, The Hipster, and The High-Rise Hipster. In the "Love Your Underwear" campaign, Everlane explains the importance of their latest mission.   It’s time. #LoveYourUnderwear A post shared by  Everlane (@everlane) on Mar 26, 2018 at 8:47am PDT  "Underwear should be made for you. But for decades, it’s been designed with someone else in mind," the brand wrote. "Bras that push, pad, and squeeze. Fabrics that suffocate. Lace that chafes. The industry has made billions telling women that in order to feel sexy, they need to look like something they’re not. But times are changing—and so should our underwear." The brand added that its new underwear is not only "healthy on your skin," but was created in a factory dedicated to ethical manufacturing. 
 Valentine's Day is right around the corner and if you're like us, you'll gift your husband (or boyfriend, or the dude of your situationship) something that will benefit both of you. For example: you both love gray  gray sweatpants. And you also love love. So shop 21 ways to spoil your dude with this helpful gift guide.  It's gross, and you love it.  With almost 2,000 reviews at 4.5 stars on Amazon, this smoker will be his new obsession.  Delicious, and relaxing.  He always needs new socks, and you're tired of him stealing yours.   We're not sure why more men don't wear rain boots, but you're tired of him constantly complaining about wet feet.  Yeah, you're definitely going to steal this back.  You're tired of hearing him complain about his ratty old coat.  For the sake of your marriage, he needs to learn how to fold his underwear.  They're a weird flex, but okay.  When he wears gray sweatpants, he's basically an off-duty celeb.  If he must wear sports gear, at least make it cashmere.  The memories of playing Beat Saber until 3 in the morning will last forever.   Replace his backpack that you're low-key embarrassed by.   He may as well be the inspiration behind Eater's article.  The shared stress you carry will melt away with this personal massager.  Finding out his past will be a game the two of you can figure out together.  You know he'll look good in this.  His quirky sense of home decor goes perfectly with your love of midcentury modern styles.  He'll be so excited to show off his (designer) space necklace to all his friends.  You won't stop hugging him in this adorable sweater. With sunglasses this good, he'll never lose another pair again. 
 While Versace and Moschino went with major runway shows in Italy for their pre-fall 2019 collections, Louis Vuitton's Nicolas Ghesquiére had a different plan in mind. After staging a dreamy Louis Vuitton cruise resort show in the South of France last May, Ghesquiére decided to sit out this year's pre-fall 2019 runway circuit, choosing a lookbook starring Hollywood's biggest stars instead.  Ghesquiére recruited Thandie Newton, Michelle Williams, Chloe Grace Moretz, Laura Harrier, Riley Keough, Sophie Turner, Doona Bae, Léa Seydoux, Alicia Vikander and Ruth Negga, and more (yes more!) women who "illustrate the diversity of feminine expression," to showcase the luxury house's pre-fall looks. Rooted in an "autumnal atmosphere," says the press release, the focus is on the juxtaposition of city-cool and rugged country.  In the campaign shot by Collier Schorr and styled by Marie-Amélie Sauvé, Thandie Newton is dressed in a black motorcycle jacket with exaggerated tartan balloon sleeves and a matching leather skirt; Indya Moore wears a floral sequined bomber jacket layered on top of floral blouses and satin trousers, and Jennifer Connolly showcases a floral two-piece set with elaborate shoulders with button-detailing. “These women embrace the various personalities that embody fashion at Louis Vuitton," Ghesquiére said in a statement. "Be they stars or new faces, all of them share the same willpower and confidence in their choices, and at the same time, reflect the eclecticism of the female identity.” In tandem with the new collection, Louis Vuitton also debuted its new Monogram Giant print, which appears on the Monogram Boite (worn by Kelela) and the Cannes (Zhong Chuxi).  See the entire Louis Vuitton Pre-Fall 2019 collection below. 
 Seemingly impractical (and totally ‘90s), white boots are officially a wardrobe fixture — and per the runways of Louis Vuitton, Givenchy, and Proenza Schouler, the trend is going strong in 2019. From ultra-sleek ankle boots to lug-sole stompers and to-the-knee styles, now's the time to shop our new-season favorites. Does any other boot make an outfit feel as fresh? We think not.  A practical pop of white for running-around days. Behold: the most pristine square-toe ankle boot.   This lug-sole lace-up boot makes a strong statement. What’s not to love about a narrow square toe with a feminine twist? A versatile kitten heel to wear year-round. This on-the-rise Korean footwear brand is known for playfully distinctive details. An everyday stiletto you can actually last in. ELLE.com’s Style Director, Nikki Ogunnaike has donned this wear-everywhere pair from New York Fashion Week to Paris and beyond. With a slight slouch, this below-the-knee shape is a perfect pairing with midi dresses and skirts. Go for a Victorian-inspired mood in these sleek lace-up boots. Never has there been a slicker (and more luxurious) white stiletto. A slightly arched heel can totally change the mood. With a festive mini dress, this slouchy ankle boot is ‘80s evening to a T. The slickest way to channel a Go-West vibe. A celebrity favorite (we see you Bella Hadid), this studded pair toughens up any look. These easy white boots were definitely made for walkin’. A classic sock style can tuck under denim, trousers, or joggers for a streetwise vibe. Proof that minimal is anything but boring. If you've had any qualms about the western trend, this immaculate style should change your mind. Swap out your go-to Chelsea boot for this sleek style. You never knew you need a white combat boot, did you? Go the cool-girl route and style these with wide-cuffed jeans. Nothing left to say but...buckle up! 
 Award season continues with the Critics' Choice Awards tonight, which will bring back many of last week's Golden Globes attendees. Here, what everyone, from Lady Gaga to Regina King to Constance Wu, wore on the red carpet of this year's second big Los Angeles event. In Louis Vuitton. In Dior Men. In custom Emporio Armani. In Zuhair Murad. In Carolina Herrera with Nikos Koulis and Ana Khouri jewels. In Armani Privé. In Michael Kors Collection. In Graziela Gems earrings. In Celine by Hedi Slimane and Ana Khouri earrings and ear cuff. In Cushnie. In Aliétte. In Prada. In Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello.
 Fashion designers have always taken a liking to Disney characters. In 2016, Kenzo saluted classic Disney movie The Jungle Book; Coach put an edgy spin on beloved Disney princesses for its Disney x Coach collection released last year. And with the Chinese New Year quickly approaching, Gucci is celebrating the Year of the Pig with a 35-piece range, including women’s and men’s ready-to-wear, luggage, small leather goods, shoes, and jewelry, all adorned with Three Little Pig motifs.  Launching on Feb. 5, the day Chinese New Year begins, the playful cartoon characters will also appear on Gucci's classic ACE sneaker and Supreme backpacks, and a bunch of cozywear, from pajamas to sweatshirts and knitwear.  In the Frank Lebon-photographed campaign various models take to the streets of New York City (draped in Gucci threads, of course!) with a pet pig, celebrating the "natural bond between man and animal," a press release explains.  View some of the standout pieces in the collection below. 
 Meet the three designers transforming found objects into wearable treasures. Storytelling is at the heart of this Brooklyn-based label. According to founder and Parsons grad Arianna Reagan, every fabric has a backstory, whether it be an antique kimono silk that didn’t quite pass muster with a Japanese vendor or endek weavings from Bali, where the designer spent a month working with a family-owned collective that trains women in this increasingly rare craft. For spring, Reagan utilized silk from vacated silk moth cocoons to deliver sharp women’s separates that are not only environmentally sound but cruelty free. (arcananyc.com)    Greg Lauren shares a love of Americana motifs with his uncle Ralph. But the Los Angeles-based designer takes a more left-of-center approach to his own denim-heavy collections: Think dusters Frankensteined together from navy peacoats and denim over-alls. This season, Lauren partnered with buzzy Italian knitwear brand Alanui, run by brother-and-sister duo Nicolò and Carlotta Oddi, to merge dead stock and vintage denim with ultraluxe hand-knitted cashmere—the ultimate marriage of New and Old World. (www.mrporter.com)  Whether it’s discarded nutshells, matchsticks, or tomato stems (above), the most quotidian of objects inspire British Lebanese jewelerAlexandra Hakim. “All the pieces are made from materials that would have lost their function after use,” she says. “I use the body asa canvas to give them the value they deserve, both aesthetically and conceptually.” Because no molds are used in the process—Hakim casts each item directly in silver—no two pieces are identical, resulting in wonderfully asymmetrical earrings and one-of-a-kind rings and necklaces. (alexandrahakim.co)This article originally appeared in the February 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Transparent accessories were a huge trend in 2018, and see-through PVC totes, cross bodies, and bucket bags are still going strong. If you're willing to get candid with the contents of your purse (who cares if you carry three spare tampons, gum, and every receipt under the sun) we've got some options for you.   An entry-point to the trend that won't break the bank.  Make it clear which brand has your heart.  The baby blue color is contrasted by a heavy chain strap.  A waterproof option for those rainy days.  5-year-olds and above will love this glittery bag.  Because they deserve PVC love, too.  Two bags for the price of one.  The woven leather strips add interest to the simple shape.   Another bag in a bag, with a gingham twist.  Spell it out for them with a special touch.   
 If you're like everyone else on the internet who binge-watched Marie Kondo's Netflix series Tidy Up, you've likely experienced a sudden urge to purge, leading you to declutter and/or totally cleanse your space, especially your closet. Well, thanks to an new initiative launched by J. Crew this week, you'll have a place to recycle those unwanted jeans and get rewarded in return.  The brand just announced a partnership with Habitat for Humanity, the nonprofit organization that helps build affordable housing for low-income families, as the official partner for J Crew's denim recycling program. Launched in 2014, as J. Crew partnered with Cotton Inc.'s Blue Jeans Go Green program to recycle used denim into housing insulation, both companies are bringing Habitat for Humanity in on the action. "The partnership, which aims to address the full life cycle of product and speaks to the brand’s deep investment in environmental impact, diverts post-consumer denim from landfills and converting it into a material that helps build communities," the brand explained in a press release.  As a bit of an incentive, J. Crew and it's sister company, Madewell, are offering customers the opportunity to trade in their old jeans for $20 off a new pair. Maybe its new Eco Jeans Collection (made with "water-saving cotton-dyeing technology and a manufacturing process fueled by renewable energy") perhaps? Watch the video above to learn more about the program. 
 The demand for transparency in the fashion industry has resulted in brands like Burberry and DVF vowing to go fur-free, and most recently, Chanel forgoing the use of exotic skins and fur in their future collections.  To kick off the new year, Tiffany & Co. joins this fold, announcing plans to share the provenance (the origin) of its newly sourced, individually registered diamonds. Aptly dubbed the Diamond Source Initiative, Tiffany & Co will be tracing the origin of diamonds 0.18 carats and larger, all of which will have a “T&Co” serial number etched in the diamond so customers can also trace it themselves.  “Diamonds, formed up to 3 billion years ago and brought to the earth’s surface by a miracle of nature, are symbols of the most important moments in our lives. There should be nothing opaque about Tiffany diamonds,” Alessandro Bogliolo, chief executive officer, Tiffany & Co, said in a press release. “Our clients want and deserve to know where their most valuable, most cherished diamond jewelry is from, and how it came to be.” As part of Tiffany & Co.'s diamond transparency, by 2020 the brand will also give customers more insight into its craftsmanship journey by sharing its polishing and workshop location.  “Tiffany & Co. has long been committed to diamond traceability and going above and beyond industry norms to promote the protection of the environment and human rights,” Anisa Kamadoli Costa, chief sustainability officer, Tiffany & Co, added. “A transparent journey of responsible sourcing reflects the many positive and far reaching benefits along every step of the diamond supply chain.” 
 Though the sweet memories of hitting the town in patent mini dresses may be behind you, that doesn't mean you'll never hit the town again.  I mean, you're older—not dead! Instead of bottle service, maybe it's sharing a bottle of rosé. And highly flammable materials will be upgraded to silk robes and Little Black Jumpsuits! Read on for five new ways we tweaked the idea of a going out look to reflect your "mature" phase.  A going out top defined your youth. But instead of choosing a style that gives the most skin-to-fabric ratio, go with a more subtle option that features a statement ruffle.  Self-Portrait Printed Satin Top, $330; mytheresa.com Frame Le Skinny Jeans, $195; matchesfashion.com Steve Madden Carey Boots, $130; stevemadden.com High Cheeks Taco Bag, $228; wconcept.com This is the “I'd rather be in bed by 9PM” look. Sleepwear that doubles as outerwear, elevated with lush add-ons like a brocade bag and silver mules .   Prada Robe, $489; net-a-porter.com Topshop Bleach Jeans, $75; topshop.com Senso Quebec II Mules, $143; farfetch.com Hayward Mini Shopper, $790; bergdorfgoodman.com A jumpsuit is our solution to literally any style situation, making the LBJ a perfect substitute for a dress on a night out. The key is finding accessories like glam earrings that take it to the next level.  Brandon Maxwell Shawl Collar Jumpsuit, $2,295; modaoperandi.com Attico Feather-Trimmed Pouch, $172; net-a-porter.com Zara Velvet Belt, $30; zara.com Rebecca De Ravenel Pamina Earrings, $495; rebeccaderavenel.com A chunky sweater might not seem like the choice for a girl's night out, but the off-the-shoulder silhouette shows off your décolletage.  H&M Off-the-Shoulder Sweater, $25; hm.com Mango Snake Print Skirt, $60; mango.com The Row Bare Leather Sandals, $785; mytheresa.com Chan Luu Diamond Le Baroque Necklace, $495; chanluu.com If you're not big on skin, turn up the volume with color clashing. And nothing says "I'm fancy, don't spill on me" like satin silk.  Zara Tied Satin Blouse, $50; zara.com  Roxanne Assoulin Earrings, $180; modaoperandi.com Safiyaa London Trousers, $404; farfetch.com Nine West Tatiana Pumps, $30; ninewest.com
 In the last 10 years the lingerie market has completely changed—dare I say been disrupted—by a host of direct-to-consumer bra and underwear companies that are revolutionizing the way women shop for underpinnings.  When polled, 87 percent of ELLE.com readers reported they buy their bras online (and 71 percent mentioned they've stopped shopping at Victoria's Secret all together) so it's clear that these companies are offering an appealing alternative to brick-and-mortar stores. From their focus on fit and body diversity to their affordable prices and buyer-friendly return policies brands like ThirdLove, Lively, and Cuup are offering women more options than ever before. But how do they hold up? Are they comfortable or nah? Read on for six brands I have tried plus my favorite styles from each.   Launched just a few months ago, Cuup was founded by Abby Morgan and Lauren Cohan "as a direct response to a deeply relatable human story," says Morgan: Feeling forced to make a choice between a bra that makes your feel sexy and one that fits you well. The result? Bras with zero padding and only soft, high-performance mesh, that also look good. After conducting 80 fittings and hours and hours of research and development, Cuup settled on four styles, each of which are offered in 35 sizes. Editor favorite: The Scoop. Its soft lining makes it the perfect everyday wear bra.  Beloved by Insta It-girl types, Negative Underwear, the 2014 brainchild of Lauren Schwab and Marissa Vosper, skips the lace, padding, bows, to operate in the negative (get it?) space. Most pieces come in peach, black, or white, with the occasional slate gray tossed into the mix and styles are simple as well: demi, balconette, and non-wire.   Editor favorite: Essaouira Demi Bra in Black. The open mesh is subtly sexy, but not at all vulgar.  If the brand sounds familiar it may be because founder Heidi Zak recently took out a full-page advertisement in the New York Times to address some not-so-nice comments Victoria’s Secret’s CMO Ed Razek made about the company. But that’s not the only reason to learn more about the brand. Over five years ago, ThirdLove launched focusing on size inclusivity for its female customers. “Because we have a Fit Finder Quiz on our site that helps a woman find her bra size, we have over 75 million data points about breast shapes, bra size and the most common fit issues women experience,” Zak told Forbes.  Those data points have helped the brand launch new styles like the Nursing Bra Collection and New Nakeds, which offers truly nude bras in a spectrum of shades, plus half-cup sizes. In fact, the brand ranges from 32 to 48 in band and AA to G in cup and offers a helpful breast shape dictionary that will help you find the right bra for your type of breasts.    Editor favorite: 24/7 Classic T-Shirt Bra. It makes for a smooth base under plain white T-shirts. Back in 2018 I wrote about my love of Lively’s strapless bras and that’s not the only good thing that’s coming from this brand. Since launching, founder and former Victoria’s Secret employee Michelle Cordeiro Grant has expanded into loungewear, bodysuits, and swimwear.  Editor favorite: The Busty Bralette. The style features a soft liner with an inner supportive sling and zero wires, making the bra perfectly comfortable for long travel days.  Co-founded by Jenna Kerner and Jane Fisher, Harper Wilde first launched in 2017 and caught my eye with its three, no-frills styles.  Dubbed “the Warby Parker of bras” the brand offers an at-home try on service, free shipping and free returns, plus they’ve partnered with The Girl Project to help provide access to education to girls in over 120 countries. What I love most about the brand, though, is the option to buy in bundles, called the Base or Complete. The former option offers three bras for $100 while the latter provides six, plus a wash bag for $180. Ideal for those who prefer to buy in bulk or are in the midst of a Marie Kondo-style clean out. Editor favorite: The Everyday Pushup. A go-to on days you want a little extra oomph.  This brand is different from the other ones on this list as it's a monthly membership service that sends your a bra and panty set after taking their style quiz. Subscribe for $39.95 a month and on the first of each month an online "showroom" will open to you with options from which you can choose. Shop or skip by the 5th of each month (if you forget your $39.95 can be used as a store credit) to receive a new set on your doorstep.  Editor favorite: The Keren Contour bra. It features light lining that lifts and shapes without putting it all out there. 
 Just a week after announcing Fenty Beauty's massive 50-shade concealer drop, Rihanna has set her sights on her other booming brand, Savage x Fenty lingerie, to launch a sultry Valentine's Day collection for her bad gals—"no mans needed." And like everything Rihanna does, it's perfect. Launching today on savagexfenty.com, the tagline that greets you when you click on the site is fittingly, "Valentine's just got Xtra AF." Scroll through, and there are dozens of pink and red and options ranging in price from $20-$80, including everything from delicate sheer bralettes with velvet-heart nipple covers, to lace bodysuits, to silk pajamas, to... a riding crop.  Some other stand outs? This bralette is the perfect balance of cheeky and sexy and cute and has no uncomfortable underwear.  These bikini briefs are just ridiculously sexy and useful for embracing your inner Rihanna. These satin pjs look incredibly comfortable as well as rich and sexy. They come in a lot of fun colors and prints, including "emerald tiger" and "caramel leopard."  This slip is sweet and just the right amount of '90s throwback and would look cute over jeans. The collection will be available for purchase at www.savagex.com and zalando.com, and at pop-up shops across the states, including New York City, Minnesota (Mall of America), San Jose and Las Vegas.
 We'll preface this by saying yes, ugly sneakers may not be for you. But there are five stages to loving and accepting the divisive style. 1) Initial Denial: You're confused as to why anyone would choose mutant dad kicks. 2) Deep Disgust: Their omnipresent  existence makes your skin crawl. 3) Bargaining: "Maybe if they were a little less puffy looking, I'd like them." 4) Designer Depression: Balenciaga Triple S sneakers cost $950. 5) Acceptance, with 10 styles you didn't know you needed, here. The all-white classic.  These Balenciaga Triple S sneakers kickstarted the trend in 2017.   For the Spice Girl enthusiast.  A flash of neon makes these stand out.  No one will guess these came from Target.   An old school trainer like these feels surprisingly fresh.  Get wild with your ugly sneaker game.  The real definition of glamping in bedazzled hiking sneaker form.  A puffy pink option.  The OG of Dad Sneakers: W990 New Balances.  
  To celebrate the tenth anniversary of his label, Joseph Altuzarra is reissuing some of his greatest hits, like the sweet-meets-sexy gingham dress that dominated spring 2015 and a sleek lace-inset suit from resort 2014, modeled by loyal fan Evan Rachel Wood. Because birthdays are better spent with friends, Wood joins a posse of Altuzarra’s pals, including Jenna Lyons and Pose star Indya Moore, who were lensed for the project aptly named The Ones That Got Away.  “All of the women we invited to collaborate for this project embody the Altuzarra woman," Altuzarra said. "They are sexy, they are confident, they are strong, and they are powerful. This has been such a special project for me, because it gave me the opportunity to look back at the last 10 years through the eyes of ten of my closest friends and muses.”The capsule collection will be available starting this month at Barneys New York, Joyce (in Hong Kong), Joseph (in London) and online at mytheresa.com and altuzarra.com.
 The Duchess is on a style streak. Kate Middleton knows how to make an impression, whether she's in a winter coat or summer dress. See all her best looks. Touring Islamabad's Army Canine Unit in a Beulah's black blazer coat with white trousers, a white tunic, and black Russell & Bromley flats. Arriving at Lahoe wearing a cream Elan kurta, Gul Ahmed trousers, a Maheen Khan scarf, UFO earrings, J.Crew nude heels, and a black bag by Smythson. At the Badshahi Mosque alongside Prince William while wearing a traditional green ensemble by Maheen Kahn. In a shalwar kameez by Pakistani textile company Gul Ahmed and shawl by Pakistani designer Maheen Khan while stopping at the SOS Children's Village and National Cricket Academy. Visiting a village to learn about the Kalash people's culture after a day spent at the Hindu Kush mountain range in a brown top, waistcoat, suede midi skirt, and Spanish boots, accessorized with Missoma earrings and traditional headwear. Arriving at an evening reception at the National Monument in a sparkling green Jenny Packham dress. At the Presidential Palace wearing  a green tunic by Catherine Walker, white Maheen Khan trousers, and a Satrangi scarf. Visiting students at the Islamabad Model College in a blue kurta and trousers by Maheen Khan. Arriving in Islamabad's Pakistani Air Force Base Nur Khan in a blue ombre shalwar kameez by Catherine Walker with jewelry and a clutch from Zeen. Wearing a teal ARoss Girl dress for a visit to the Aga Khan Centre in London. Visiting Sunshine House Children and Young People's Health and Development Centre wearing polka dots and black trousers. Wearing floral Emilia Wickstead for Back to Nature"festival at RHS Garden Wisley in Woking, England. Wearing floral Michael Kors to drop off Prince George and Princess Charlotte at their first day of school at Thomas's Battersea in London. Watching the Wimbledon men's singles final between Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic in a light blue Emilia Wickstead dress. In a green Dolce & Gabbana gown to watch the Wimbledon women's finals with sister Pippa and sister-in-law Meghan Markle. Wearing a pink sundress, red crossbody bag, and a pair of wedges while Prince William paritcipates in a charity polo match. In a white dress with black buttons and an Alexander McQueen black bow belt for Wimbledon.  Wearing a Sandro printed midi dress to RHS Hampton Court Palace Garden Festival in London. Visiting the Royal Photographic Society in a sheer print dress and a pair of espadrilles. Wearing a textured Elie Saab dress on the Royal Ascot's first day. Donning Catherine Walker to attend the Order of the Garter Service at St George's Chapel in Windsor. Attending Action on Addiction's gala dinner in a fitted white off-the-shoulder dress by Barbara Casasola, which she first wore in 2016, and sparkly Jimmy Choo pumps. For 2019's Trooping the Colour, Kate opted for a light yellow Alexander McQueen dress, matching Philip Treacy hat, and earrings borrowed from the queen. At the state banquet for President Donald Trump, she wore a white Alexander McQueen sleeveless dress with her Cambridge Lover's Knot tiara and the Queen Mother's sapphire and diamond earrings. In a pale pink Alexander McQueen coat dress for a Royal Garden party at Buckingham Palace. For the evening portion of the Chelsea Garden Show, which included Queen Elizabeth, Middleton wore a floral Erdem dress. Wearing a white pair of Superga sneakers, a white blouse by M.i.h Jeans, and khaki Massimo Dutti culottes for the Chelsea Garden Show. Wearing a navy polka dot dress by Alessandra Rich for a visit to Bletchley Park's special D-Day exhibit to mark the 75th anniversary of the D-Day landings.  Rewearing a Philosophy by Lorenzo Serafini red, buttoned blazer from 2017 for a day of engagements in Wales. Keeping it cozy and casual for a visit to Newborough Beach with Prince William by her side.
 As much as I want to be the type of person that experiments with a ladylike top handle by day or a sequined clutch the next, I'm lazy. I don't want to switch handbags like underwear. I need the Keanu Reeves of bags: the one. A purse that can make the schlubbiest of outfits look chic, so I'll never tire of wearing it daily. Basically, my excuse to invest in a Chanel 2.55, but not all dreams are meant to be fulfilled.  As always, Madewell is here to solve all my fashion woes. It may be beacon for great denim and cozy sweaters, but their bags aren't half bad either. Take the leather Transport tote, for example, which has amassed a cult following of college students worldwide. Or the Simple Half-Moon crossbody which recently caught my eye while browing through the newest drops. In short, it's everything. Why? Well... A high fashion purse can be as much as three-months rent, so the Madewell version is considerably more affordable. Made of 100 percent leather, you'll be hard-pressed to find another quality style this affordable.  A half-moon silhouette isn't what you usually think of when looking for a long-lasting handbag, but it gives every outfit a slight edge (or lack thereof) over traditional rectangular bags. It's similar to A.P.C.'s fan-favorite half-moon bag, but a fraction of the price.  
  resolution no. 1 / switch up our usual style. #teammadewell is all about trying new things in 2019—like our merch master sage giving monochrome a go here. see our inspo page for more. link in bio. #everydaymadewell A post shared by  Madewell (@madewell) on Jan 3, 2019 at 3:53pm PST  Micro bags are for people who don't have to carry their own cell phone, and tote bags are meant for carrying your five-year-old laptop. If you find yourself searching for a reliable median, this is it. Madewell's crossbody is surprisingly spacious.   Everyone is all too familiar with the fear that a weak strap will snap while running to your next appointment, so quality straps top the list of must-haves for a good bag. Once you feel Madewell's thick strap you'll never worry about that scenario again.  Basic black, basic brown, basic Millennial pink. Madewell has it all. 
 Options that will hold you in place during every burpee, jumping jack, and downward dog. Whether you’re an AA or D+ cup size, a good (no, great!) sports bra is essential when breaking a sweat. Fashun is an obvious part of the equation, but more important is a comfortable fit that supports your girls. When shopping for the perfect bra it's important to figure out what kind of activity you'll be doing (HITT? Zumba? Running?) and shop from there. Ideally, if the workout is anything more intense than a simple yoga or pilates class you choice would be bra-sized.  If that's not an option, find one that is a thick band across the bottom to provide you the extra support you'll need.  Here, our favorites for every chest size—goodbye bounce back, digging, and uniboob.  For gals with smaller chest sizes, the world is kind of your oyster. Working out is a breeze because you don't have the added stress of keeping your tatas in place, but sports bras can often be a bit boring. Our suggestion? Go with options that are bold in color or interesting in shape as they'll add interest to your next sweat session.  Electrify your workout in knitted neon. You’ll breathe deeply in this low-cut (and double-lined) style. Hit the courts (bounce free) in this Serena Williams-approved brand. This sustainable sports bra-crop top hybrid is made from recycled water bottles.  Flow seamlessly from Chaturanga to Downward Dog. Make a style statement at barre (or the bar). A zip front means no more struggling to get your bra off after a seriously sweaty session.  Perfect for your next pilates class.  If you find yourself in the medium size cup range, choose bras that provide a little more coverage —especially if your workout includes any jumping or bending over—to avoid any slippage.    With a supportive lower strap, this bra is feminine and functional.  Made from the brand’s signature TechSweat fabric, this zip-up silhouette is super soft, supportive, and moisture-wicking. Layering without the work (or wires). This strappy style features increased coverage without the constricting feel. Made from ultra-elasticized fabric with a killer back cut-out, this black bra is anything but basic. This sustainably made bra separates and supports. Bye-bye, uniboob. $10 says you won't stop staring at yourself in the mirror when you wear this.  This option is made specifically for mothers who are nursing.   When you're a D cup or above finding the right sports bra becomes more about function than fashion particularly when you're logging loads of miles or squat jumping like your life depends on it. ELLE's style director, Nikki Ogunnaike, suggest bras with molded cups and underwire to hold you in place. 
 With a fitted underband, padded straps, and encapsulating cups, you’ll be able to run, punch, or jump with confidence. A bra with contour cups and a wire-free fit? Hello, cardio queen. Fierce won’t even begin to describe your next workout. With maximum support, wireless cups, antimicrobial fabric, and four-way stretch, this bra does the most. A heavy lifting bra made from the lightest fabric. This high-impact sports bra comes with a cushioned underwire as comfortable as Child’s Pose. A stylish way to feel the burn sans bounce. A favorite for ELLE.com's Style Director, she's worn this bra brand for more than 7 half marathons. 
 The Golden Globes just marked the start of award season's first big night in 2019. From the Los Angeles ceremony, some celebs moved onto the after parties, where of course there were several outfit changes—and many new stars arriving at the bashes who weren't at the show at all. Here, all the best photos and outfits from the parties. At the FOX, FX and Hulu 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At the FOX, FX and Hulu 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At HBO's 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. In Ralph Lauren Collection at the FOX, FX and Hulu 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At the FOX, FX and Hulu 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At HBO's 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At HBO's 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At the FOX, FX and Hulu 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At the FOX, FX and Hulu 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At HBO's 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At HBO's 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At HBO's 2019 Golden Globe Awards after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party. At the InStyle and Warner Bros. Golden Globes after party.
 Sandra Oh is no stranger to the Golden Globe stage. In 2006, the Grey's Anatomy alum won a Golden Globe for best supporting actress in a drama for her role as Christina Yang in the cult-favorite medical drama. But this year, not only is Oh back at the Golden Globe (she already walked away with another win for best performance by an actress in a television series for Killing Eve) she's also making history as the first-ever actress of Asian decent to host the prestigious awards (alongside Andy Samberg)—and there was no shortage of jaw-dropping outfits. From her red carpet arrival to hitting the Golden Globe stage, see all of Sandra Oh's looks below.  First up, Sandra Oh arrived at the 2019 Golden Globe red carpet in a stunning white floor-length Versace gown with exaggerated shoulders. Oh's stylist, Elizabeth Saltzman, made a conscious effort to dress the Golden Globe nominee in all-female designers. "I called the women’s gang. I called Stella McCartney. I called Donatella Versace,” Saltzman told People. “She’s wearing all female designers, but that’s not a statement from her or from me. It was a way for me to think about her and how I respect her.” Then there was the the fiery red, floor-length blazer dress Oh wore during the award show's opening monologue.  Later in the evening, Oh swept up a Golden Globe award for best performance by an actress in a television drama for her role as Eve Polastri in Killing Eve and accepted her award in a white Stella McCartney dress with a bateau neckline and sequined arm sleeves. 
 There's always one color that seems to prevail on every major red carpet and for the 2019 Golden Globes it was all about nude.  And not nude in the sheer, barely-there sense. For this year's ceremony, celebrities reached for shades of nude, beige, pink, and cream.  Ahead, 14 of the best nude looks from the 2019 Golden Globe red carpet.  In a nude dress with s ilver beading by Louis Vuitton.  In a Stella McCartney jumpsuit.  In a blush pink plunging neckline gown by Zuhair Murad. In a custom Randi Rahm suit with a matching cape. In a sparkly plunging neckline gown by Laura Basci.  In a high-neck Gucci gown.   In a sheer, pale pink custom gown by Dior.  In a nude tulle Vera Wang dress.   In a high-neck Givenchy gown. In a sheer Amen dress.  In a colorful Galia Lahav gown.  In a voluminous pink Monique Lhuillier ball gown.  In a white Off-White gown. 
 Every year hundreds of celebrities hit the red carpet at the Golden Globes, but only a few really stand out from the crowd. From Gemma Chan and Lady Gaga to the entire cast of Black Panther, here are my favorite looks from movie and television's biggest night.  Chan is a welcome breath of fresh air on every red carpet she walks and this Globes appearance is no different. In a navy blue gown with one leg poked out just-so to show off her Louboutin heels, Chan pushes her red carpet game to the next level.  Allow me to skip the yes way rosé joke and just get straight to it: Regina King, a double nominee this evening, looks down-right breathtaking. Enough to make me literally clap when she stepped onto the red carpet. This is a prime example of how to do glitz and glamour in a beautifully refined way.  If you think Gaga can only do meat dresses and weird egg-shaped pods on the red carpet, it's time to wake up and change your opinion of the artist. For this entire tour Gaga has given glam look upon glam look at her red carpet appearances and this Valentino gown (an ode to a gown Judy Garland wore in the 1954 version of A Star is Born) takes the cake.   Whew chile!!!!! A red carpet harness (or bib depending on who you ask)! In black sequin, no less. Looks like the guys are stealing the red carpet this time around.  Are these my kings and queens? Yes, yes they are.  Custom made by Wang, the nude spaghetti strap gown, with its sheer corset bodice and orange velvet ribbon, looks equal parts ethereal and edgy on the nominee.  This beaded deep V-neck gown could have gone so wrong so quickly but Ronan carries it with class and ease. She can do no wrong in my book!   An unexpected choice from the Outlander actress, but one that I kind of love! From the black bodice to the burgundy velvet bottom complete with exaggerated hips, it's not traditional but it works. 
 Theater kid's first cop. Activities that require a harness: rock climbing, high-lining, competitive horseback riding, weird sex games, and if you're Timothée Chalamet: the Golden Globes award show.  The very (very!) cool kid every girl had a crush on from 4th to 12th grade stepped onto tonight's red carpet sporting the recreational tool. Chalamet paired the equipment with an all-black ensemble, a full head of hair, smoldering good looks, and a Cool Mom.  The harness is custom Louis Vuitton by Virgil Abloh. The pieces that walked down the runway at the men's spring/summer '19 show were plain—unbefitting of Chalamet or the Golden Globes. The key element of Chalamet's harness is its bedazzled nature, the craft hour flair, the same sparkle in his eye that the teen heartthrob has when he spots a peach. Never forget Chalamet is a theater kid at heart and a sparkly harness is the most theater-kid item in the universe. Got a late night dress rehearsal for Pippin at 9:30pm? There's a shimmer harness for that. Should you have been cast as Roger in the Rent TV remake? Show them with a sparkle harness.  And like with any good Hypebeast, there's a good woman behind them propping them up, funding cops, and waiting in line during third-period algebra. Chalamet's mom is also wearing clothes designed by Abloh, from his own line Off-White. "MOM!"   Abloh's disciples have hit the red carpet and all that's left is for Chalamet to win a "Golden Globe," thank his "Mom," not text his girlfriend back, and post one mean fit pic.  
 The 2019 award season officially kicks off tonight with the Golden Globes in Los Angeles, California. From out of the ordinary gowns to sleek suits, here's what stars like Emily Blunt, Emma Stone, and Sandra Oh are wearing on the red carpet for TV and film's biggest night. In Chanel.  In Calvin Klein by Appointment and Bvlgari jewels.  In Valentino.  In a custom Tanya Taylor. In Monique Lhuillier and Christian Louboutin.  In Burberry with Piaget jewelry.  In Stella McCartney and Chopard jewels.  In Rodarte and Platinum by Fred Leighton jewelry.  In Burberry and a Piaget watch and ring.  In Elie Saab.  In Louis Vuitton.  In Michael Kors Collection and Platinum by Harry Winston jewels.  In Platinum by Lorraine Schwartz jewels.  In Oscar Heyman jewelry.  Wearing custom Vera Wang Collection.  In Gucci and Chopard jewelry.  In Givenchy Haute Couture. In OFF-WHITE c/o Virgil Abloh. In Roger Vivier sh0es. In Dior Haute Couture and Bvlgari jewels.   In Louis Vuitton, Bvlgari jewelry and Giuseppe Zanotti shoes.  Fisher in Platinum by Harry Winston jewelry.  In Armani Privé and Cartier jewels. In Louis Vuitton. In Michael Kors Collection.  In Valentino couture, Forevermark Diamonds and Christian Louboutin shoes.  In Dior Haute Couture and Bvlgari jewelry.  Wears custom Vera Wang Collection.  In Celine, Cartier jewelry, Jimmy Choo shoes and a Edie Parker clutch.  In Givenchy Haute Couture and Chopard jewelry.
 The 22-year-old model is a risktaker. The 22-year-old model isn't afraid to take a fashion risk. Here, Hailey Baldwin's most badass outfits. In KROST's Dry Clean Only suit jacket and For Support belt while leaving the Montage Hotel in Beverly Hills. Wearing an all-denim Versace set while out and about in Dumbo, Brooklyn alongside now-fiancée Justin Bieber. Wearing a black ruffle-neck minidress paired with knee-high boots while out in Manhattan alongside Kendall Jenner.  Wearing a strapless patent leather gown by Alex Perry while attending the Whitney Museum's annual gala.  Wearing a nude Alexandre Vauthier gown with a plunging neckline while attending the 2018 Billboard Music Awards. Attending the screening of Girls Of The Sun during the 71st annual Cannes Film Festival at Palais des Festivals, wearing a strapless embellished gown with a fishtail. Debuting pastel pink hair at the 2018 Met Gala while wearing a dusty blue, custom Tommy Hilfiger gown.  Arriving at the screening of The American Meme wearing Zuhair Murad couture during the 2018 Tribeca Film Festival.  Leaving Live with Kelly and Ryan in New York City in Mugler Pre-Fall 2017 and a Princess Polly scrunchie.  Attending the 2018 iHeart Radio music awards in a glittering Zuhair Murad jumpsuit with Jimmy Choo heels.  Walking the streets of Manhattan after the Zadig & Voltaire runway show during New York Fashion Week. Wearing a monochromatic Adidas ensemble with matching red lips while out and about in Manhattan Attending the 2018 Amfar Gala in New York at Cipriani Wall Street wearing a cream backless Roberto Cavali gown.  Wearing a millennial pink two piece ensemble from Off-White while out in Manhattan.  Wearing a black—in honor of the Times Up movement— Dsquared2 gown to the Golden Globes after party. Attending the 2017 Fashion Awards at Royal Albert Hall wearing a Topshop minidress paired with white gold and diamond jewelry by Cartier.  Wearing a Badgley Mischka Resort dress while arriving at the FN Achievement Awards in New York.  Arriving at Revolve awards in Hollywood, California wearing the NBD Marisole Dress with feathered off-the-shoulder neckline. Wearing a grey checked dress and matching blazer while outside the Alberta Ferretti show during Milan Fashion Week.  Out in New York City wearing a black crop top with sheer sleeves and a keyhole neckline, paired with tattered jeans and lace-up heels.  Out in Los Angeles in an Are You Am I top and Yeezy Season 2 boots.  In Zadig & Voltaire Cara boots, a Public School jacket, Joe's shorts, and a Saint Laurent bag while out in New York. Hailey Baldwin in a Tommy Hilfiger black and silver striped beaded gown at the 2016 Met Gala  In West Hollywood at the Marie Clair Fresh Faces Event wearing wearing an animal print beaded cargo jacket and mini-skirt, with black strappy heels and a purple cropped top Out in Los Angeles. Out in Los Angeles with Kylie Jenner. Out in Hollywood. Out in  Los Angeles with Kendall Jenner. Out in New York City's Soho. In Topshop at the 7th Annual Night of Generosity Gala.
 It's just one week into 2019, and you've already abandoned our new year's resolution. Oh well.  Fitness goals are never out of reach, and the best motivator to getting to the gym can often be cute workout clothes. With their high inseam and suck-you-in fabrication, high-waisted leggings are by far a favorite of gym rats and fitness influencers (or fitfluencers) every where. So even if you're squat game is off, we've found the best tights that make it look like you hip thrust in your sleep. Lululemon's Align leggings are always mentioned on any 'Best of' lists because they are just that: the absolute best. The premiere feature of the Aligns is that it hits way above your belly button in a comfortable yet flattering silhouette.  For serious lifting, I always recommend Nike. Their compression fabrics are better than most, so no matter which pair you choose, you're in the right hands. From box jumps to couch surfing, Nike's latest One legging is meant to fit all your needs.  Can't stand the idea of mismatched sportswear? Girlfriend Collective is all about coordinating sets you'll want to hoard. Oh, and their products just happen to be socially and environmentally conscious, with a recent commitment to inclusive sizing. No biggie.  I don't know what it is, but having leggings that cover your heels makes you feel like you're capable of doing advanced yoga headstands (even if you never graduated past corpse pose). Alo Yoga's comfy Goddess leggings are my top fave.  If you're an avid follower of fitness Instagrams, you probably know Gymshark. They're all over your feed, and they really do shape your tush.  Outdoor Voices is the Glossier of the fitness world. If your ideal Sunday includes hiking with your girlfriends while wearing a dad hat, this brand and their super cute styles are for you.  Like anyone back home for the holidays, I went to Target with my mom. I came across Joylab and was pleasantly surprised by their high quality paired with really low prices. This is the budget steal of the lot.  Co-founded by Kate Hudson, Fabletics is the spot to find flirty, printed florals, laser-cut vents, and this subtly sexy lace-ups like this pair. Buy them in bulk, because you can shop two for $24. 
 A new year brings the chance to throw out everything you hated about the previous year and start with a freshly found energy. Often times this is related to your diet, sometimes your self-care regimen, almost always money—but it's also a great time to consider personal style. I asked my fellow ELLE staffers to share how they're tweaking theirs for 2019. "I have more than enough clothes (and a Rent the Runway unlimited subscription) to come up with an infinite number of outfits. But I've recently learned just how much the right accessories can make a look, so lately all I've been shopping for are necklaces, earrings, bags, belts, and shoes. Even hats! I used to go for the jewelry section of fast fashion stores for a quick fix (that would inevitably lose its quality in mere months) but now, I'm looking for jewelry and accessories that will last me years even as my personal taste changes.  — Kristina Rodulfo, Senior Beauty Editor  "When asked what sort of energy I'd be giving for 2019, I've often responded with the words rich and spicy. Sure, everyone wants to make more money but I also want to be rich with meaningful relationships and experiences I'll remember for life. And my looks must match! Pieces that are well made, well-cared for, ironed, dry-cleaned, and ready to be seen. All factors that contribute to rich style. As for spicy, well, that's all about 2019 being the year of no BS. Oftentimes I save my special pieces out of fear of people looking and commenting on my outfits (I generally prefer to blend in) but this year I'm going all out. More color, interesting textures and gold jewelry. Lots of gold jewelry!" — Nikki Ogunnaike, Style Director   "I’m super lazy. Like, wear the same jeans twice in a row to a corporate office, lazy. I fall back on the same outfits every week (bless my coworkers for never pointing it out), and it’s finally time I stop. I’m a fashion editor too, so there’s no excuse for a lack of sartorial creativity. I only use about 30 percent of my closet, so 2019 is the year I start experimenting with the clothes I already own. That means I finally get to wear gems from my closet that rarely see the light, like tie dye hoodies and a pair of faux rattlesnake pants that belong on a Coyote Ugly waitress. It’s all ripe for regret, but 2019 is also the year of not allowing anything stop me from trying new things." — Justine Carreon, Market Editor    "Since my apartment has limited closet space, I want to work on letting go of some pieces that meant a lot to me in the past and reconfiguring my style for who I am now in my late twenties versus who I was when I first graduated college." — Alyssa Bailey, News Editor "A friend recently showed me clips from Produce 101, a reality show about creating a K-Pop girl group. Looking at all the diverse, highly specific outfits, I immediately said, “I’ve made a huge mistake with my wardrobe.” What I mean is, I keep things fairly same-same and safe. But these young women are all so committed to a look—whether it’s gothy streetwear, prim pastel lounging attire, or schoolgirl plaid with a tough Off-White-ish twist. I want to stop playing it so safe. I might not be auditioning for a pop group, but I could stand to step it the hell up. No more little black dresses in 2019!" — Estelle Tang, Culture Editor  One of my general new year’s resolutions is to let my freak flag fly, but especially when it comes to my fashion choices. I’ve by no means “played it safe” up until 2019 but I’m really leaning into dressing like an extra on the set of  Coyote Ugly. Wearing more rings than a mob boss, and cutting my hair in a drastic way. I think 2018 really did a number on me because I’m headed into 2019 with guns blazing, dressing like I have nothing to lose. My moodboard is full of inspo from Cher, Slick Woods, Erika Jayne, and our market editor Justine Carreon. — Chloe Hall, Writer/Producer   As someone who loves to shop and works in fashion, my problem is that it’s easy to get swept up in microtrends or of-the-moment pieces. Nine times out of 10, that sort of purchase results in something I only wear a few times or never feels quite right for me and the truest part of my personal style. In 2019, I’m going to avoid those moments by thinking about any would-be buy through the lens of an informal style mood board. Because images work better than catchwords or vague ideas about what constitutes your personal style, I’m going to up my Pinterest game and check back regularly on a few Instagram accounts that really speak to me (@amandacbrooks is topping the list right now). — Leah Clinton, Director of Branded Editorial Strategy It's always the item on my to-do list that I push aside. I'll get to this growing pile of dry cleaning and tailoring later! I tell myself. And by later I mean...never. But I love getting dressed and I have invested in pieces that make me look and feel good. I'd like to treat those things with more care.  — Leah Chernikoff, Executive Director
 Knee-high boots don't get the attention they deserve. While many prefer ankle boots, the effort put into wearing a taller style pays off since they seriously elongate your legs. Whether you choose to do '60s mod, '70s earth tones, or the '80s talon heel read on for five tips on how to finally nail the knee-high boot in refreshingly modern ways.  The bias hem of this silk skirt perfectly hit the tops of your boots, meaning your legs will seem impossibly long. Team it with a chunky knit sweater for a cozy cute vibe.  Wilfred Montpellier Sweater, $158; aritzia.com T by Alexander Wang Satin Midi Skirt, $175; net-a-porter.com Zara High Heeled Leather Boots, $100; zara.com DKNY West-Sider Leather Satchel, $149; donnakaran.com  Knee-high boots appeared in every decade, so it's easy to lean into your fave. Love the '70s? Try a burgundy leather boot paired with subtle nods to the era like a rich suede jacket.   A.P.C. Nico Jacket, $1,160; apc-us.com Loeffler Randall Gia Tall Boot, $695; loefflerrandall.com Gap Factory Denim Midi Skirt, $23; gap.com Quay x Desi Perkins High Key Aviator Sunglasses, $65; nordstrom.com Sometimes the taller shaft on knee-high boots can feel constrictive. Try a pair in a soft suede with a purposeful slouch that gives your ankles some wiggle room.   Boohoo Satin Cowl Bodysuit, $20; boohoo.com Topshop Sateen Jeans, $85; topshop.com Labucq Babs Black Suede, $495; labucq.com Versace Medusa Medallion Chain Belt, $900; versace.com Jacquemus Le Vanity Mini Bag, $345; modaoperandi.com Snakeskin boots are trending, especially in taller heights, but that doesn't mean you have to pair the pattern with solid hues. Instead try them with an equally loud print, but in the same color family.  Veronica Beard Miller Dickey Blazer, $645; net-a-porter.com Everlane Clean Silk Shirt, $130; everlane.com Topshop Bleach Editor Jeans, $95; topshop.com Ulla Johnson Jerri Boots, $795; modaoperandi.com Mini skirts and knee highs are a classic combo, but opt for a shorter heel if you're feeling exposed. The sleek silhouette  of a go go boot like this pair by Carel is both '60s mod and currently modern.  Miu Miu Embellished Halterneck Mini Dress, $1,675; net-a-porter.com Carel Malaga Boots, $549; farfetch.com For Love & Lemons Mira Earrings, $117; forloveandlemons.com Ashley Williams Hair Clips, $131; ashleywilliams.com 
 Life for Dylan and Cole Sprouse is pretty great. In fact...you could say it was pretty...sweet! (See what we did there? Ha.) Anyway,  Dylan's got his Brooklyn-based meadery, Cole stars in the cult-favorite series Riverdale, and they're both in pretty serious relationships (Cole is dating his Riverdale co-star Lil Reinhart, while Dylan is dating model Barbara Palvin).  As it turns out, Cole is also a talented photographer who is adding a J Brand campaign to his growing resume, and taking his brother along for the ride.   For the new spring campaign, Cole goes behind the lens and puts his brother front and center, tapping Dylan to model the brand's newest offerings, which were designed with classic films in mind, for example "1970s Sissy Spacek meets the villain in 1999’s cult film Cruel Intentions." With an up-and-coming high-fashion photographer as a brother and an It-girl model for a girlfriend, Dylan looked right at home in the glossy editorial. In one photo, Dylan and a female model are dressed in J Brand's classic denim button-down shirt, while another photo shows Dylan in a navy t-shirt, dark denim pants, brown steel-toe boots and a beige trench jacket.  And despite being brothers, Cole was quite the professional. “I’ve been watching Cole do photography since he was really discovering his style," Dylan once told The Cut, "so I was amazed after all this time to discover that he’s very professional and put together on a shoot (despite doing the cartoon photographer ‘yes darling!’ Bullshit).” View the full spring 2019 lookbook at jbrandjeans.com.  
 Valentine's Day gets a bad rap for being a cheesy greeting card holiday, but go ahead and lean into the mushy sentiment. Even if you're not about dropping major cash when it comes to romance, it's the thought that counts, not the dollar signs, right?  So check out our list of 25 under-$30 ways to prove love comes from the heart (and possibly through the stomach thanks to Chrissy Teigen), ahead. The most important meal of the day is ten times better in bed.  That's right: Game of Thrones tarot cards exist, so everyone wins.  Open a bottle of wine and you'll become a better drawer as time lapses.  You don't need a firepit to make your S.O.'s favorite dessert.   Pretty self-explanatory, but massages are the best.  If you guys have a dog, surprise your S.O. with your little buddy all dressed up.  Take them to the driving range, and don't be nervous if neither of you have played before. It's more fun when you're terrible at golfing.  Their love language is gifts, and yours is espanol.  This tent probably wouldn't live through the Appalachian trail, but it's great for a camping in your backyard.  This game is twice the size of the original mat you grew up with, because you two are serious about Twister. A V-day picnic is a cliché we're happy to repeat, especially if it involves an Instagram-worthy basket.  A purse is an okay gift for Valentine's Day, but why not fill this on-sale pouch with $10 worth of quarters and head to an arcade for some child-like fun? Whoever loses at Donkey Kong pays for pizza.  You might not have the cash to whisk them off to Paris, but studies claim just planning a vacay improves happiness. You guys can save up for the City of Light together.  Are you the Chrissy or John in the relationship? Either way, you'll have way more fun making Pad Thai Carbonara  than eating out at a fancy restaurant.  If you can't splurge on a facial at Rescue Spa, do them one better with a top-tier sheet mask. A foot massage mid-mask won't hurt, too.  Choose your own adventure with a picture frame: fill it with your fave photo of you two on vacation, or plug in a heartfelt memento like ticket stubs from your first date.  No matter their age, everyone loves building a fort in their living room, made even better with string lights.  For the person who defines romance by how many episodes of The Office they can cram in one night.  Champagne doesn't have to be reserved for special occasions. Make it a weekly routine with glasses that look way more expensive than they actually cost (and maybe sub in more affordable sparkling wine).  Plan out the perfect day hike that ends with a scenic view. Pack at least three bags of their favorite trail mix (i.e. all chocolate chips).  Study this star chart before you take them out so you can point out their astrological constellation. Don't forget a cozy blanket to cuddle on!  Whether you had a meet-cute in the produce aisle of a grocery store or met on Tinder, write it all down in a monogrammed notebook.  
 Imagine the world’s most glamorous 4-H fair crossed with Fashion Week, and you’ll have a sense of what Peru’s Alpaca Fiesta feels like. The event this past October in Arequipa, the country’s second-largest city, drew designers, farmers, and sustainability advocates from all over the world. The lure: the titular meme-friendly animal, whose fur (which is delicately sheared with no harm to the animal) just happens to be in high demand for designers across the globe. By day, alpaca breeders showed off their herds, and by night, fashion shows highlighted some of the most innovative uses of the material, including chunky, maximalist knits from up-and-coming Belgian designer Léa Vinet.  Between its fashionable fauna (alpaca and vicuña) and its long-standing traditions of fine weaving and knitting, Peru is a frequent destination for fashion insiders. Designer Kristy Caylor, the Maiyet founder who recently launched the sustainable line For Days, loves staying in the capital city of Lima, where “the surf, art, and food culture is remarkable.” When she wants to go farther off the grid, Titilaka Lodge (titilaka.pe), nestled on a private peninsula on the shore of Lake Titicaca, “is one of a kind.” Art lovers will be drawn to the MATE museum (mate.pe) in Lima, with its mix of Peruvian and international artists. The food at Lima’s Central (centralrestaurante.com.pe), which recently relocated to the hip Barranco neighborhood, aims to represent indigenous cuisine beyond your typical ceviche and pisco sours, with menu items like Amazonian piranha and coca leaves. And if you’re looking for an adventure that extends beyond the culinary, the same team has a farther-afield restaurant, Mil (milcentro.pe), in the country’s Sacred Valley, the home of Machu Picchu. This article originally appeared in the January 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 It’s been more than a year since Dior artistic director Maria Grazia Chiuri opened her spring 2018 show with a Breton-stripe top that posed the question, “Why have there been no great women artists?” That moment set the tone for Chiuri’s tenure at the house, as she has gone on to produce collections inspired by Georgia O’Keeffe and Niki de Saint Phalle. For the latest iteration of Dior’s Lady Art Project—a venture that taps creatives to transform the cannage-stitched top-handle made famous by Princess Diana— Chiuri handpicked 11 female artists to reimagine the classic handbag. Among them: American artist Mickalene Thomas, who looked to her “Tête de Femme” series, focusing on the personal style of women in her own life, for inspiration.    "What would they be excited to carry?” asked Thomas, who took elements from her two favorite pieces in that series and arranged them collage-style, using patent leather, silk, sequins, and Swarovski crystals to mimic the textures of her original oil, acrylic, and silkscreen. Painter and sculptor Polly Apfelbaum created a metal compass rose charm in reference to Dior’s childhood summers by the ocean at Granville and an abstract rose print inspired by the floral paintings of Italian futurist Giacomo Balla.  Meanwhile, Colombian artist Olga de Amaral gilded petal-like strips of canvas for a shimmering, waterfall effect. “Women in the arts are still fighting for recognition on many levels,” Thomas has said. “I’m hoping...there won’t be a need to have the conversation about [gender]. We’re just artists, right? Hopefully, that will be the conversation." This article originally appeared in the January 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 A few years ago, back when Nashville was the filter of choice, cozy season Instagram looked something like this: a bird's-eye view photo of a woman dressed in the comfiest of knits, relaxing on a bed with a steaming cup of coffee in hand and a laptop resting in front of her with a low-light filter edited on top. These photos may have met the dictionary definition of cozy—“enjoying or affording warmth and ease,” according to Merriam-Webster—but they didn't do it for me.  I didn’t only want to be toasty and warm in the comfort of my own home. I wanted that comfort to follow me as a trekked throughout the brisk New York City streets, when I’m stuck between strangers on a crowded subway car, and especially when the temperature in the office dips so low I start playing musical chairs to find the warmest spot. Uggs don’t usually translate to “office chic,” sitting pretzel-style in a bed with a hot cup of White Chocolate Mocha doesn’t really align with company culture, and I hate the Nashville filter or any rustic-looking filter, if I’m being quite honest.  But scroll through your Instagram today, and a community of self-described “cozy girls” have a completely different aesthetic for wintertime warmth. For them, Air Jordan 1s and Nike Air Max’s take the place of fuzzy house slippers and down-filled puffers and tracksuits are the snuggly alternatives to throw fleece blankets. I’ve finally found my people. I didn’t have to search too far to stumble upon the cozy girls of Instagram. She lives, eats, and breathes for swooshes (Nike) and stripes (Adidas) and everything in between; she punctuates each outfit with a statement piece, be it an Off-White crossbody, stacks of gold necklaces and rings, a bucket hat or sunglasses, and is frequently featured on Hypebae’s glossy Instagram feed.  She’s Christina Paik (@christinapaik), the mastermind behind the @mykindacozy Instagram account, known for her eclectic mix of streetwear and high end, like wearing an oversized Stussy button-down with a black billowy skirt from Junya Watanabe and a pair of Nike Tekno trainers. “Cozy isn’t about being in comfortable clothes,” Paik tells ELLE.com. “Cozy is being comfortable in your own skin. Be you and everything else falls in place.”  My Kinda @stussynewyork ~ PFW2018 A post shared by  Christina Paik (@mykindacozy) on Jul 4, 2018 at 3:24am PDT She’s also Jess Gavigan  (@juicegee), whose Instagram bio begins “STAY COZY." The London-based sneakerhead and owner of sneaker shop Small Feet Big Kicks adopted the #StayCozy hashtag as a way "of telling people that you can be sexy and be comfortable at the same time," she tells ELLE.com. "Sometimes I feel my best in my baggiest boyish outfits and everyday sneakers, [especially] since In London, I'm always running around on my feet. Often times, I need a look that goes from day to night, so I learned to make comfortable a 'sexy look'. We don't need to be half naked to be sexy." After clicking through a bevy of Instagram accounts and hashtags, I found myself deep down the rabbit hole of "cozy girl" Instagram. There were females from all over the world whose versatile sartorial taste rely heavily on comfort and practicality, instead of following societal expectations of how a woman is supposed to dress. And many of them garnered a loyal following and big-name collaborations because of it. Take Aleali May, stylist and FROW favorite, for instance. Her cozy ethos has helped her become a leader in streetwear culture, which eventually led to her becoming the first woman to collaborate with Nike on the iconic Air Jordan 1 silhouette in 2017, followed by her second Jordan collaboration released earlier this month.   One year ago, I was blessed with the opportunity to create an Air Jordan 1 for Mens and Womens. Today I’m honored to share my second collaboration with @Jumpman23, the “Court Lux” pack, designed by @MooreMaya and I launching 12.22 While my first collab pays homage to doing it for girls like me and telling our story (my story being South Central, LA 90’s roots). My newest AJ1 pays homage to the early 2000s. As a young girl I questioned where I fit in because I dressed differently.  These particular years tailored my personal style.  The 2000s introduced the idea to young girls like myself of women collaborating on sneakers and some of the first women’s streetwear brands were launched.  With this, I felt apart of something, made for us, by us.  I could wear sneakers AND heels!  I could take basketball, skate culture, music, streetwear and high-end fashion, and mix it up in a blender.  It opened up for me to see that Streetwear and High-end fashion are both luxuries. As Streetwear is still evolving and always providing influence that stretches beyond the internet.  It has taught me to dream even bigger, live in color, and how a pair of shoes, can change a girls life🙏🏽 A post shared by  Aleali (uh•lay•lee) (@alealimay) on Dec 10, 2018 at 10:33am PST  To these women, "cozy" means more than dressing for comfort, they dress to feel good. Society likes to tell women that to look feminine means to wear heels, soft colors, and tight-fitting clothes or else you'd be labeled a tomboy, as if being both feminine and a tomboy were mutually exclusive. Curious to explore "cozy" culture, I polled a few streetwear enthusiasts about what the term means to them and how to get the cozy look.   Finally, it’s cuffing season! And by cuffing season, I mean the literal cuff to make room for boots and snow. Thank you for this blessed season 👌🏼 A post shared by  S O C K  F L U E N C E R 🇰🇷 (@giaxseo) on Oct 28, 2018 at 6:04pm PDT "Growing up in a small-town in Alaska, I didn’t understand traditional mainstream fashion because fashion was very much based on functionality and dependent on the weather. In that sense, all of that practical wear – snow pants, bunny boots with fur in them—  became a natural adaptation of myself when I came to New York and something that I didn’t want to let go of.  Everything that I own has to be really malleable to my body. I don’t like things that are super structured, don’t love denim, so in that sense I am really cozy. I love super soft fabrics, anything that is silky. A lot of the way that I dress is based on how the textures feel on my skin. [Being cozy] is always about having a statement piece that you’ve worn before that makes you feel incredibly comfortable, like a jacket that you get a compliment on every time you wear it, so you remember that memory and take it with you the next time you wear it. It always starts with a statement piece. I have a huge jacket and sock fetish."  Light but excessive. Clean but opulent. #inviteonlyparis A post shared by  Nneoma Ajiwe 🇳🇬 (@nneomaluxe) on Dec 6, 2018 at 4:04pm PST "A cozy girl is someone who puts their comfort first without jeopardizing her style. She dresses smart, not trendy. I really love to be comfortable and 'lax at all times but I think moving to New York 2 years ago really solidified my cozy girl style. There are a lot of things about the city that make me uncomfortable, so dressing comfy kind of combats that. Also, the fact that I walk everywhere made me have to buy more sneakers and find outfits that work with sneakers. When I think of the typical "cozy" girl, it's Kahlana Barfield. She's literally cozy, but make it fashion. I aspire to be that once I get my money up."  i feel like missy elliot without the puffa A post shared by  l e e a n n a🎵 (@guvmanian) on Dec 9, 2018 at 8:08pm PST "I remember looking through old photos of my mom when she was in middle school, which was in the 80s and is one of my favorite eras, and she had a very laid back look. In a specific photo where she had on the infamous baggy sweatshirt-spandex-shorts-high socks-dirty sneakers look, and I was so inspired to dive deeper into that realm of fashion. So when I think of a cozy girl, I see a woman who's personal sense of style is all about staying comfortable. When I’m in a rush to go somewhere, I find myself reaching for my go-to comfy clothing pieces, but dressing it up with accessories or statement pieces. I am always put into a box when it comes to my sense of style, which usually varies from vintage to 90s, or Y2K, but what I really enjoy most is clashing different trends from different eras into one outfit."  Mood inspo for the remainder of 2018. 💍😪 (but also BTS from a top secret project 🎼 🔮✨🤫 🇹🇹@magicinhermelanin). — lastly #riparethafranklin. ⚡️ MUA: @camilarosero A post shared by  SHAVONE.® (@shavonec) on Aug 16, 2018 at 12:52pm PDT "I am 100% OK with the cozy queen label, mainly because I pride myself on feeling comfortable as my BEST self in whatever clothes I decide to wear. Cozy is more of an attitude and energy you carry with you. I define true, authentic cozy culture as living true in your own skin, regardless of what’s “in” and trendy. Cozy culture is defying all gender norms that say a person and/or woman is supposed to where “this.” True cozy culture is timeless and not at all trapped in today’s streetwear fashion paradigm. From being born and raised in Cali on the West Coast in gang territory, streetwear fashion for me meant more than just the actual clothing you wore, it was an attitude and a lifestyle - a real mentality you carried with you, as a reflection of who you were and your life experiences. Throughout my youth, I observed personal style as raw and unapologetic - especially for women in my neighborhood who decided to wear more androgynous clothing and oversized pieces.  Over time, I’ve grown to be more comfortable with my body, my curves and the way clothes wear ME, carefully striking a balance between my androgyny and femininity. As a woman of color, establishing your own personal style and comfortability in clothes mainly depends on how you view your body and sourcing clothes that reinforce positive emotions about you and your appearance. At this point, my personal style is anchored in statement pieces that reflect my personality or current mood, always with a classic shoe."  Silver surfer 🏄🏾‍♀️ A post shared by  Aude-Julie ALINGUE 💖 (@aude_julie) on Dec 12, 2018 at 10:44am PST "I got my first real sneaker when I was nine years old—a pair of Prestos. The first day of school, boys came up to me like, “Oh, you’re sneakers are so cool” and I gained a lot of friends based off of my sneakers. Then, I started mixing sneakers and bags—I got my first handbag when I was 12—and my "cozy" style started from there. Of course, when I was younger I had once been asked why I didn’t wear skirts or dresses. I felt uncomfortable with these kind of questions so I forced myself to dress more feminine because I felt like I wasn’t a normal girl if I didn’t. But today I don’t really care, I dress in what I feel the most comfortable in.  Cozy style is a mix of comfy, trendy, and cool fabrics that will give you a nonchalant silhouette and feel, as if you just wore whatever you saw in your closet but you’ve actually put a lot thought to your look. I wouldn’t wear something restricting that I wouldn’t feel comfortable in. Cozy-girl style is having a style that’s your own but the most important thing is your comfort. I wouldn’t wear tops that make me hot or jeans that aren’t roomy and wouldn’t last me the whole day. When I choose an outfit, I want to know that I’m gonna be comfortable the whole day. Living in Paris has definitely influenced my style when it comes to high fashion. Parisian girls are known for dressing very classy and in high heels, but that’s not always the case. When we’re dressed down, we have a high fashion bag or statement piece so that’s where my love of mixing high fashion and comfy pieces together comes from. Cozy style is all about being smart with your purchases, buying cool things that maybe in 10, 20 years are gonna be vintage and are gonna last me a long time."   We gladly accept EBT A post shared by @ _corecouturee on Dec 11, 2018 at 6:17pm PST "Being cozy to me means to embrace athleisure and streetwear and incorporate it with my style in a feminine way. Cozy means not following the norms of what every girl is wearing and I do that through menswear—90 percent of my closet is menswear. It’s wearing baggy, loose-fitting, oversized pieces even though the fashion norm is to wear the opposite. At first I did fear that dressing comfortably in loose fitting clothing would make me come off as less feminine. To get around this, I tried to incorporate feminine aspects such as vibrant colors, bold textures and accessories. With time, having confidence in who am is what really changed how I embraced my cozy aesthetic.  Now that it's winter in New York, a big part of my cozy style has been layering. I'll get dressed and look in the mirror like, 'Oh wow, this looks too plain so let me throw a hoodie underneath to add extra dimension and depth.' " 
 In my defence, I had no idea flannel sheets were a thing you associate with being a kid. When I had my first taste of ultimate coziness, I was an grown woman. One fall evening, one of my chicest friends, whose home is like a hygge Scandi showroom (soft furnishings in soft neutral colors, balls of yarn, tasteful plants, books arranged by spine color, lots and lots of wood), said she was super excited to go to bed that night. She had just switched over to her flannel sheets, she said, rubbing her hands together in glee. Being an adult is fun! But at the time, I was bewildered. Flannel sheets? Qu'est-ce que c'est? She looked at me, shock clouding her eyes. "You HAVE to get some," she said. "They're so warm and cozy." Who was I to refute this wisdom? I duly went out and bought the Muji sheet set she recommended—they come, of course, only in stylish neutral colors like light grey and nut brown. From then on, I was a convert. Here's why. When I slid into bed that night, I said a prayer to the warm-n-toasty gods. How can I describe the feeling? It was like wearing an Ugg boot on your whole body. It was like the smell of chestnuts, if chestnuts were bedding. It was like snuggling with a between-movies Michael B. Jordan. It was like having a nap on Mr. Snuffleupagus: soft and fuzzy and safe. You know that crisp, cool feeling you get when you first touch regular bedsheets? I love it in summer, but in the winter, it's not exactly the most snug of sensations. Flannel sheets eliminate that part of bedtime completely for the winter. As soon as you tuck yourself in, it's warmtown. Yes, there's a scientific reason flannel makes for such warm and comfy cold-weather bedding. Flannel is a napped cotton fabric, which means its loose fibers are teased loose from the weave. These loose ends make flannel super soft and fluffy to the touch, plus the fibers trap air and keep in heat. Since I'm relatively new to the pleasures of flannel sheets, I wasn't aware there were detractors. I mean, how could there be? Who doesn't want to be wrapped in a warm cloud on winter nights? But our features director, Kat Stoeffel, quickly set me straight when I mentioned how much I loved them. When I asked why she turned her nose up at these winter warmers, she had a couple of reasons. "Because of nightsweats," she told me. "Also because they pill, which makes my bed feel like an overloved stuffed animal." Honestly, Velveteen Rabbit bedding sounds amazing to me, but I can understand where she's coming from. There's nothing comforting about scratchy pilling. I also tend to avoid flannel pajamas, since I overheat quickly at night. But I will say, as A Sweaty Person, I haven't found flannel sheets to be that sauna-like, since I'm a one-leg-out-of-the-bed person all year around. Kat was also the one to tell me that flannel sheets were something she had when she was a kid, and when I started looking into brands that offered flannel sheets, I could see that many had options designed to appeal to children. Obviously, plenty of brands offer adult-friendly neutral colors and prints, but just as many boasted big, bold checks or cartoony designs. Maybe you think a deer wearing a Santa hat will ruin your art deco aesthetic. That's fair! On the other hand, because flannel sheets are such a seasonal item, they are often decorated with the most fun, festive novelty imagery. Holiday Dog sheets? Now you're talking.   If you're a skeptic like Kat, you could try a jersey sheet with a smidgen of fluff, like these Kip&Co sheets, which are as soft as a well-worn T-shirt but thicker and slightly nappier. Or there's Brooklinen's Twill range—made from long-staple cotton with a diagonal weave, which creates a softer, fuzzier feel than percale or sateen. Go forth and snug!
 The holidays are over, but it's still that time of year when you all you want to do is sit on the couch, wear pajamas, and, probably, online shop. To help you out in your time of need, ELLE.com rounded up some of the best items from all the post-Christmas sales for under $25, $50, $100, $250, and $500. (And if that's not enough, check out what else is majorly on sale at places like Everlane, J.Crew, Rag & Bone and Nordstrom.) 
 One pair and you're Insta ready. A perfect time to stock up on basics.  Let them peek out of your ankle boots. If you're thinking of ditching your jeans in 2019.  Give yourself the gift of easy dressing. The water bottle you've seen all over your Insta feed is now on sale. These Jeans + a Cardigan = Your New Winter Uniform Wear a slip all season by pairing it with a chunky sweater. All you need is a pair of tights. Everlane's Choose What You Pay Sale makes this sweater only $88. Everyone needs one. A white blouse that isn't too precious. Pair it with an oversized cardigan or store it away till spring. Happy New Year to you. A classic tee with a twist. Your feet will thank you later. So practical and so on sale. Get extra cozy. For carrying around your 2019 planner. To stay warm and chic. Make room for this not-so-boring winter coat. The OTK boots you've had your eyes on all year. For blasting "Thank U, Next." Because New Year's Eve is the best time to wear a sequin dress.
 For decades, mining archival images of, say, Jackie O in Capri could provide sufficient creative fodder for a compelling ready-to-wear collection. But these days, and this season in particular, many burgeoning designers favor a far more personal approach, rooted in individual heritage. For his debut spring 2019 show in New York, Baton Rouge native and SCAD graduate Christopher John Rogers aimed for “a Southern ‘Sunday best’ moment” and drew upon his childhood memories of church fashion. “My grandmother always wore a green suit with a green pump, hat, and bag,” Rogers says, noting the effort required to match perfectly. “With monochrome dressing, you really have to pay attention to the cut of things.”   Before he was aware that fashion design was a viable career option, Rogers experimented with garbage bags, creating folds on a dress form as he tried to decipher the construction process. (“Little did I know at the time that those folds were called darts,” the now 25-year-old says, laughing.) Shoe-string budget be damned, Rogers brought his first collection to life using bargain-basement dead-stock fabrics that he whipped up into bicolored suits and voluminous eveningwear confections. Exaggerated hats from Brooklyn-based milliner Malchijah Hats made the Southern gospel aesthetic sing. In London, a melting pot of references informed the work of Supriya Lele, who charmed buyers and editors with her artful blending of British and Indian staples for spring. (In just its second season, her work is already sold at Browns and Opening Ceremony.) Trench coats deftly draped with saris represented the identity struggles that Lele experienced growing up as the child of Indian immigrants in the West Midlands.  Meanwhile, Chinese-Vietnamese designer A Sai Ta of Asai toyed with outerwear by cropping overcoats into Mao-inspired silhouettes and offered a tongue-in-cheek nod to tourists with Burberry-esque plaid, hanfu-inspired blouses.  Ta’s Mandarin collars and traditional cheongsam shapes (broken down into armorlike segments) were offset by of-the-moment fluorescent tie-dye treatments. And dinner-plate dragon prints were as suited to floaty ensembles as they are to the usual Ming porcelain. When considered collectively, these up-and-comers’ inspirations cast new light on the well-worn concept of personal style. To be fashion forward, one must look back. This article originally appeared in the January 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 With unexpected and reworked fabrications, a trio of talents reclaims the mantra “Make do and mend” for luxury fashion. The inventive use of sports gear as “fabric” helped this recent Central Saint Martins grad win the school’s prestigious L’Oréal Profes- sionnel Young Talent Award. For her BA col- lection, the Canadian subbed out traditional satin and lace for deconstructed soccer cleats and balls, hockey helmets, and other gym-class staples to deliver over-the-top corsetry more suitable for the stage than the field. Solange Knowles has already slipped into one of Rus- so’s pieces. Perhaps the designer’s lifelong style icon, Gwen Stefani, will be her next convert. (paolinarusso.com) “I’m not an eco-warrior. This is more about making common sense sexy again,” says Courrèges’s new creative director, Yolanda Zobel, of her decision to phase out vinyl from the French house synonymous with slick midcentury design. Over the years, much of that sheen was achieved through the use of synthetics, but Zobel’s debut col- lection marked a reset. To use up the brand’s remaining stock of less-than-eco-friendly textiles, Zobel crafted practical ponchos and rain gear labeled with countdown-style numbers—a prelude to the brand’s plastic- free future. Says Zobel, “This has always been a future-focused brand.” (courreges.com) For nearly a century, Yves Salomon has stood out among furriers for its bold use of color and such groundbreaking designs as intarsia shearling and nearly weightless knitted mink. Now the French house is making headlines with its sustainable Pieces collection, which repurposes fur remnants and dead-stock items into artfully patchworked outerwear. Salomon fans and perennial trendsetters Alexa Chung and Rihanna will surely approve. (yves-salomon.com) This article originally appeared in the January 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Finding a good navy sweater is hard; Goldilocks-like in task-level if you think about it. Find what you believe is the perfect one and then it turns out the shape isn't quite right. Another could be so dark that it leaves you constantly questioning whether it's actually black or navy. But with a little bit of internet-hunting, I've found 9 options from $15 to $1000 that you'll want to add to your closet ASAP. 
 I spent a few years searching for the perfect pair of vintage Levis: high-waisted, light wash, make-your-butt-look-perfect. I bought several pairs in this shopping quest, and deluded myself into thinking that they worked. But really, they were either too big and made me look dumpy, or far too small around my hips and butt and therefore incredibly uncomfortable.  I finally conceded that it might be better to buy a more expensive pair of jeans designed to look like a pair of vintage Levis but with a more modern fit, than to keep wasting money on vintage denim that didn't quite work.  At our market editor Justine Carreon's recommendation, I tried Citizens of Humanity, and went with the Liya style in the Archive wash. The wash and fit looked like the holy grail Levis I was searching for.  And when I tried them on, instead of giving me a permanent wedgie, they slid on almost as comfortably as leggings. This is quite a feat considering they have no stretch. They hit at the perfect spot on the ankle, too, which means they look great with heels or sneakers or flats.  It's a lot to pay for jeans, but I wear them every day I can get away with it. They do stretch out after a few wears, and I prefer them in their snug-out-of-the-dryer incarnation. Whenever I wear them, someone inevitably asks me what brand they are, so now I'm telling everyone. Enjoy! 
 Our office desks are pretty much our second home, so why not make them as cozy as possible? Ahead, eight products to help you get snug as a bug while you scramble to meet that deadline.  Get the cozy vibes going with aromatherapy.   The notorious Office Blanket™ gets an upgrade with luxurious faux fur. Keep your loved ones close with a wooden photo album.   For wellness buffs, a set to bring calm, tranquil, and positive energy.  Yes, this heated mouse pad exists and it's GREAT.  Use this pillow as a cushion or behind your back for support.  Anti-inflammatory ingredients like ginger and turmeric help fight colds. Hidden under your desk are the comfiest, warmest slippers of all time.  A heated thermos keeps your drink hot throughout the workday.   This model from Amazon has 4 stars and will save you from office icebox hell.  Your desk neighbors will thank you for it. 
 Do you ever have the worst day and you immediately go home and light up (a candle, that is)? Something about burning through a high-end fragrance tricks your brain into thinking you have your life completely together—and it's a sham I stan. So whether you had a one-wick, two-wick, or three-wick kind of terrible-horrible-no good-very bad day, here's 14 candles that will make you feel like an extremely rich person with the olfactory palette of an absolute queen.  Voluspa's dreamy French Toast macaron candle smells exactly like you think it does. Warm up your kitchen, bedroom, or bathroom (if maple syrup in the shower is your kink) with the comforting scent of Mrs. Butterworth's and powdered sugar. This blush baby smells even prettier than she looks—notes of Tahitian vanilla and coconut milk fill the air when you light this adorable geometric jar. London's calling and they want you to indulge with this very fancy, very good smelling Jo Malone candle that comes in the most Audrey Hepburn-esque packaging to ever exist.  Named for Harbour Island's famous blush-toned beaches, this candle offers a sweet-scented getaway in a jar. Allow me to make a case for the most understated scent—lavender. This Voluspa candle comes in an elegant glass jar and it makes your apartment smell like clean towels straight from the dryer. I light it every night before I go to bed and anyone who comes over comments on the soft, romantic smell in my room.  It's Triple Cinnamon for good reason. This candle is the love child of fragrance brand Skylar's collaboration with professional cupcake makers Sprinkles. Fair warning, your mouth will water. Chances are you've seen this Hawaiian-inspired baby blue in your Instagram feed—with good reason. Diptyque is famous for its luxury Mimosa and Baies-scented candles, but Gardenia is one fragrance that's often overlooked—it's rich and perfume-y, but so, so good. Buy now, then light 'er up in the spring. If shabby-chic coastal is your vibe, let this large jar from Nest become your new BFF. Hints of sea salt, white tea, and coconut come together to form this misty three-wick, one of the brand's best-sellers.  If you're obsessed with Oribe's signature scent (infused into their famous dry texturizing spray and other products) then you can stop drenching your roots for the sake of the smell—Côte d'Azur comes in candle form! If you need a candle that will counteract how obviously unclean and obviously inexpensive your apartment is, this little guy from Cire Trudon should do the trick. With base notes of tobacco, moss, leather, and amber setting the ambiance, your house guests will ask, "Where do you keep your cigars, Madame?" It's a splurge at $98, but it's a new year and a new shot at tricking your friends into thinking you're a rich bitch.  Bougie Boujee parfumee. It's a cult-favorite for a reason. Get a kickstart on your resolution to "read more" by surrounding yourself with library smells. It's been rumored that book lovers gather 'round this novel scent during Steinbeck seances. 
 Falling down a ten-hour rabbit hole of The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina can make you feel like a sloth, but doing the same in silk pajamas trimmed in feathers will make you feel like a chic sloth! In these, you’re not just lounging in sweats covered in Mallomar crumbs, your languidly lounging like an Old Hollywood actress. Shop 10 chic PJ options that will drastically improve your Netflix-induced comatose state ahead.  You can even wear these outside! An old faithful that pairs well with fuzzy slippers. At this price you can afford two pairs.  Buy a matching pair for your mom. Who wouldn't want a matching eye mask.  Puppies!!!!!!!!  For the saucier binge watching sessions.  Bright stripes make looking in the mirror after sitting on the couch for 10 hours a little less harsh.   The pair fashion editors every where love.  A silk set for a queen.
 This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Aimee Song didn't wake up like this: she's a perfectly-coifed and exceptionally styled influencer-cum-author, whose #OOTDs are bookmarked by her more than five million followers. Though Instagram is a huge factor to her success, it's not the first thing on her agenda when it's time to wake up — meditation is. In our last episode of Waking Up With for the year, Aimee opens up about her anxiety, the app that keeps her centered, and what it's like to have a closet full of Chanel in tow for the iconic house's annual Métiers d’Art presentation in NYC. Tune in for her avocado-loaded breakfast and the lesson her makeup artist taught her about creating cheekbones.
 Once upon a time, sweatpants were an abomination. Even Karl Lagerfeld, creative director for Chanel and Fendi, once balked at the leisure garment, saying, "Sweatpants are a sign of defeat. You lost control of your life so you bought some sweatpants.” But as trends ebb and flow, the comfy piece has moved outside of the gym and onto runway.  And if you're anything like me, sweatpants take on a whole new meaning during the holiday season. It's the time of year to reach peak basic-ness, toss on a pair of sweats and really settle in, because there's no greater joy than snuggling up under a blanket with a plate of your Christmas dinner leftovers as you binge-watch This Is Us for the umpteenth time.  Ahead, 10 of the coziest sweatpants you can wear during your next Netflix binge-watch.   Beyond the super soft, brushed fleece lining, you'll love the black and white color block design on the sides of each leg.  Made with breathable cotton material and thick lining, these keep the wind out and the warmth locked in.  The same soft luxe feel of the brand's beloved cashmere sweaters now come in a relaxed, slim-fit sweat pant.  The ultra-thick sherpa fleece material and borrowed-from-bae fit will keep you glued to your couch.  For the bougie friend who's too good for regular fleece joggers and likes to lounge luxuriously.  These statement-making wide-legs are as sporty as they are chic and can be dressed up with heels.  Remember those hideous long-john pants your mom forced you to wear when you were younger? These are the stylish, grown-up version. Made of Lunya's trademark "thermoregulating Alpaca" fabric, you're basically lounging in a comfy blanket.  What is hacci, you ask? The super lightweight fabric has a more open-knit texture and is unbelievably soft so you can stay warm without fear of waking up in a puddle of sweat. Free People updated the classic jogger with voluminous legs and ribbed detailing that look baggy yet tailored.  For maximum warmth, reach for Madewell's "teddy-bear-soft fleece" pants that feel like your favorite pair from college—or the pair you stole from your ex and refuse to give back. 
 After a few weeks of speculation, the news has been confirmed: Raf Simons is officially out at Calvin Klein. Announced late Friday evening, the chief creative officer will vacate his position effective immediately and the brand will not present during February fashion week, according to Business of Fashion.  Though he was thought to be beloved by industry insiders, and his runway shows attracted celebrity fans like Julianne Moore and Lupita Nyong'o, "both parties have amicably decided to part ways after Calvin Klein Inc. decided on a new brand direction which differs from Simons’s creative vision," the company said in a statement.  A successor has not been named. 
 In 2013, Gucci founded CHIME FOR CHANGE, a global campaign fighting for gender equality. Since then, the campaign has encouraged participation and conversation around the cause with several initiatives, including a bi-annual report with Irregular Labs that surveys Generation Z about their feelings on topics surrounding gender. In the latest report, which focuses on the theme of fluidity, Irregular Labs dives into topics ranging from the definitions of "male" and "female" and the fluidity of feminism to the importance of genderless beauty and female representations in pop culture.  In addition to hard data, there are opinion pieces, videos, and interviews by Gen Z, which add context and color to the information presented.  Among the findings of the report were: 82% of Gen Zs strongly agree that if an organization is dedicated to fighting for the rights of girls and women, it has a responsibility to also support other genders and marginalized groups; 53% of Gen Zs believe that being female and being feminine are different things; and 71% of Gen Zs who identify as female feel pressure to present themselves as "feminine." "While only two thirds of Gen Z identify as 'exclusively heterosexual,' it’s no surprise that the global rollback of LGBTQIA+ rights across the world, especially in the past year, is one of the most prevalent issues to them," Gender Section Editor Tori West writes in the editor's letter. "One that they are refusing to stay silent about, calling for more authenticity and demanding more queer representation in every realm from politics to fashion." "In 2019, for Gen Zs, it’s time for even more positive outcomes; for more queer rights across the globe, for more non-binary and trans representation, for clothing that allows everyone to express themselves freely," West continues. "They want representatives in power who share their experiences first-hand, making decisions that both empower and protect them." Read the full report at irregularlabs.com/gender.   
From: Marie Claire US

 Welcome to "The Perfect," ELLE.com's roundup of all the elements needed for a perfectly outfitted and executed fill-in-the-blank. Even people with the very best gift-giving intentions can lose track of time and suddenly realize online shopping is no longer an option. If you're stuck between a rock and a hard place, don't bypass the lifeboat conveniently docked within swimming distance: the shopping mall. Here, some favorites we'd be happy to unwrap. A zip-up is clutch, truly, in about 101 situations. It can be carried on its own, slid into a purse, or used to organize travel accessories. In other words, it's the perfect present.  There's a reason pint-sized beauty samples sleekly packaged together always pop up this time of year: They're awesome.  The right mix of universal products guarantees it will all get used. A fuzzy, tri-color scarf is doubly smart. Not only does it help ward off winter chills, it punches above its weight class when it comes to adding major style. In the world of loungewear, a classic set of pajamas with contrasting piping is always in style (and natural fibers, like cotton, are infinitely more comfortable than synthetic blends).  A sophisticated barrette looks expensive and, as an MVP on bad-hair days, is the sort of gift someone will fall more and more in love with. You can never have too many bags. Treat someone to a slightly less practical pick that will be sure to delight, fuzzy faux fur included. Because, honestly, think about it: You 100 percent know someone who goes extra extra on dress-up occasions like birthdays and New Year's Eve, and nothing exceeds like excess.  Given tongue-in-cheek or with all seriousness, a witty mug is the kind of useful gift that never hurts. Whether someone's makeup bag stays at home or is always on the go, there's nothing to lose by opting for a shade that sparks joy.
 This article originally appeared in the January 2019 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Sure, Rihanna's massive bow jumpsuit or Lady Gaga's Victorian-inspired get-up won't help fix the political shitstorm blowing through the U.S., but I'd like to think that red carpet season offers us a momentary respite from the ills of the world. From Jennifer Lopez enlisting a large bus to transport her and her voluminous pink tulle gown to an event, to Frances McDormand's head-turning Met Gala ensemble, 2018 was the year of the bold. Ahead, the most over-the-top celebrity dresses of 2018. In a feathered Valentino gown at the premiere of her film A Star is Born" on August 31. In a black puffer Moncler x Pierpaolo Piccioli jacket at the premiere of Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald on November 8.  In a floral Marchesa gown at the 2018 ARIA Awards on November 28.  In a bright pink Giambattista Valli gown at the premiere of the film Second Act on December 12.  In a beige Fouad Sarkis Couture gown at the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17.  In a pink Valentino gown at the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17.  In a Altelier Versace gown at the 2018 Met Gala on May 7. In a . burgundy Christian Siriano dress at the 2018 iHeartRadio Music Awards on March 11.  In an Alexis Mabille Couture jumpsuit at the 4th Annual Diamond Ball on September 13.  In a tulle-tiered Ali Karoui gown at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival screening of Everybody Knows on May 8.   In a floral Richard Quinn gown at the 2018 Met Gala on May 7. In a Yas Couture by Elie Madi gown at the 60th Annual Greammy Awards on January 28.  In a rainbow Nicolas Jabron gown at the 2018 BET Awards on June 24.  In a black feathered Oscar de la Renta gown at the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17.  In a Vera Wang gown at the 2018 Met Gala on May 7.  In a regal Versace gown at the 2018 Met Gala on May 7.  In a burgundy Zac Posen gown at the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17. In a feathered Chanel Haute Couture gown at the 2018 Emmy Awards on September 17.  In a black off-the-shoulder Christian Siriano at the 2018 Golden Globes on January 6.  In a cream tulle Off-White gown at the American Music Awards on October 9.  In a Armani Privé lace dress at the 60th Grammy Awards on January 28.  In a Schiaparelli design at the 4th Annual Diamond Ball on September 13.  In a teal, floral Valentino ensemble at the 2018 Met Gala on September 27.  In a hot pink two-piece Michael Kors gown at the 2018 Met Gala on May 7. In a Victorian-esque Alexander McQueen gown at the UK premiere of A Star Is Born on September 27. 
 Yesterday, in an unexpected turn of events, The Cut declared that low-rise jeans would soon make a triumphant return to closets everywhere, and the internet lost its damn mind.      My take? If you don't like 'em...don't wear 'em! Hold on to your high waists for dear life, like this woman. Or don't! Your booty, your choice! 
 Because I'm feeling both TIRED and FESTIVE. Every morning, I wake up and want to scream like a baby. "I'M TIRED," I would screech, in this fantasy life. Unfortunately, I am a grownup, not a baby, and I cannot do that. With just under two weeks left in the year, I'm feeling the cumulative effects of 2018's exhausting creep, the 4:30 P.M. sunsets, the realization that I maybe haven't achieved anything at all this year. On the other hand, it's party season. New York City is movie-set festive and beautified. Everyone I know is chatting about their upcoming travels ("Paris, France") or relaxing plans ("I can say I will be doing nothing"); every person and their pet poodle is having a fête; there's just a convivial vibe. You're going to see everyone you know, and be seen doing it. It's a bizarre combination! It's so confusing that I've started making rather odd sartorial decisions. Seemingly, I've gone totally rogue with my wardrobe. Gone are the carefully proper work uniforms and sleek, understated after-5 outfits. I will admit it: I've started dressing like a total nightmare. What does that mean? Well, if you thought it was impossible to both 1) not put enough thought into what you wear and 2) somehow be pridefully ostentatious about it, think again!  How can you do this weird fashion dance? It's easy! Generally, I stick with neutral colors—that sensible wardrobe rule that makes everyone's life easier. But lately I've found myself drawn to things that are not just basic black. Red sweatshirts, with blue boots, and khaki jeans? Why not? Pink sneakers with soles that look like giant pebbles? Go ahead. Acid-green dresses, baseball caps with naughty embroidery, a too-big leather jacket in a weird color you got at a sample sale: It's all kosher. I understand that not everyone's workplace accommodates transparent garments. In fact, I'm not sure even mine does. But the proliferation of mesh, gauze, lace, and tissue-thin nylon in stores tricked me into acquiring quite a few. And now I'm just going to wear diaphanous shirts over bright pink bras, or whatever! Can you see my legs through my pants? That's just how we live now! So what if the arms of my turtleneck are see-through...I can do whatever I WANT. While the goddess Fran Fine—hello also to Cher Horowitz—pulled off matching skirt suits of varying colorways and patterns with regularity and aplomb, in my life I have tried to avoid being what Sacha Baron-Cohen's fashion-tragic character Bruno once called "too matchy-matchy." But the effort of trying to figure out what else might go with this rust-colored cashmere sweater seems like tew murch when I could just wear it with these...rust-colored leggings and sports bra. Great! So what if I look like an Outdoor Voices ad? I bought all that athleisure for a reason.  While it might be tempting to get about in your pajamas all day—also a valid option!—part of going rogue in December is about overdressing to the max. What's the point of getting dressed if you're not adorned with a ruffle the size of your head, or clad in 19 shades of Rainbow Brite? Carry a clutch around with you at work, and ignore the frowny stares. You might not be going to a party, but you look like you're going to one. It's not the party that's important; it's the smile on your face. I've been reaching back into the darker recesses of my closet for things I often reject for being OTT. Now that it's deep winter, I don't care if it's too much! You know what's too much? A temperature of 10 degrees. Seasonal depression. Socks that seem permanently wet. Now it's time to crack out that extremely voluminous dress that you have to shuffle sideways like Taylor Swift to get through a door, or that designer collab tee with a shocking print. Put a turtleneck under it! It's fashun. Being creative with the stuff you have is a nice way of breaking your own habits and rules—just in time for a new calendar. You did the best you could this year. You made it! All the way to December! I bet you're on Santa's nice list. For once, ignore the fashion angel on your shoulder—just do whatever the hell you want.
 After celebrating their second wedding reception earlier this week, Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas held their third and final wedding reception on Thursday in Mumbai. The couple pulled out all the stops for their last event: Chopra sparkled in a white two-piece outfit by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla and wore a diamond necklace, while Jonas looked handsome in a dark suit.      According to E!, the reception was held for Chopra's Bollywood friends and colleagues, with fellow newlywed Deepika Padukone in attendance. The final reception comes after the couple tied the knot and held their first reception earlier this month.  At the couple's second reception earlier this week, Chopra delivered a touching speech for family and friends and introduced them to Jonas. "It means so much to us that all of you came tonight," Chopra said, per E!. "This has been an extremely special chapter in my life and I wanted my husband to meet all of the special people that have contributed to it. So thank you so much for being here, friends of my parents, my mom, who's hosting this wonderful evening, my dad, who I know is here. Thank you so much for coming and giving us your blessings and I hope you have a wonderful time tonight, and this is my husband, Nick Jonas."
 Constantly outfitted in sumptuous cashmere and Off-White x Nike sneakers, it might seem like your perfect friend already owns everything. She's the most difficult person on your shopping list, but we're pretty sure she doesn't have a monthly subscription of designer handbags, a Louis Vuitton sleeping bag, or a fuzzy leopard hat. She might not need everything in our ridiculous roundup ahead, but she'll definitely want it all. Check it out.  Chic ceramics for her growing plant collection is her kink.  If she's going to have a belly button piercing in 2018, it might as well be decked out in diamonds.  Net-a-Porter is back with their Fantasy Gifts, and our favorite is a monthly subscription of designer bags at your doorstep. They'll be the luckiest person on the planet with this insane gesture.  Your girl can never have enough lipstick.   Lounging on the couch is ten times better with a fun throw blanket.  It's unlikely they'll use this for actual camping, but it still makes for a great gift.  The subtle quilting of Chanel's new Coco Crush jewelry line will perfectly match her closet full of 2.55s.  She's such a Sagittarius, and she also loves diamonds.  Her kids only play with toys that double as home decor.  Gifting a beanie is par for the holiday course. Giving a fuzzy bucket hat? Next level.  She'll spend more time in the ski lodge than the slopes, and she'll look great doing it.  They own every pair of rare Nikes known to man, but this affordable kick will having them walking on sunflowers.  Go over the top and also gift them a matching camo jacket, too.  What's more luxurious than a bag for your bubbly?  She's still not over the regime change at Celine, so gift her a gently worn bag from a trusted reseller like ReBag. 
 Update 12/19: Forever 21 issued a statement apologizing for the brands mishap amid backlash over the brand's Wakanda-themed sweater, which has since been removed from the site. "Forever 21 takes feedback on our products and marketing extremely seriously," the brand explained. "We celebrate all superheroes with many different models of various ethnicities and apologize if the photo in question was offensive in any way." Black Panther's monumental impact at the box office was felt across the world with fans showing up in droves to screenings of the film in their best African-inspired get-ups when it first hit theaters in February. As expected, the merch followed suit like the genius Wu-Tang Clan-inspired Wakanda logo or the Black Panther-themed costumes that flooded timelines this Halloween.  However, popular fast-fashion retailer Forever 21 missed the mark with its attempt at Black Panther merch and outraged Black Twitter when fans caught wind of a white man modeling a Wakanda Fair Isle sweater. If you jet over to Forever 21's site to go looking for the $35 sweater it seems to be gone. The sweater still appears in the search results, but once you click it, it directs you back to the site's homepage. But the damage is already done and naturally, Twitter had feelings:  this sweater just called 311 because Shuri's making too much noise in her lab pic.twitter.com/Npd7nxwhJP Not even Wakanda can escape gentrification. @blavity @blackpanther @urbanintellectuals @forever21 #forever21 pic.twitter.com/XBwJyyUCk2 Lol wakanda people you got on y’alls marketing team? Cause... this ain’t it @Forever21 pic.twitter.com/KeZR3w9imX  ELLE.com has reached out to a representative for the brand for further comment and will update this post when we receive word. 
 I'll be the first to admit that I love a good, old-fashioned planner. I need a place to write down all my to-do lists, organizing my life and my worries into neat little bullet points. I want a month overview where I can jot down upcoming events, getting excited for all the parties, birthdays, and vacations to come. And if you're looking to alsoget in on the planner game for 2019, look no further. Here are 13 agendas that will get you on track in the new year. The planners from this female-owned brand are beautifully designed, well-packaged, and include the kind of pages that are worthy of an Instagram post. Get yourself psyched for 2019 with a chic planner that will make everyone say, "Where'd you get that?" This cute but simple custom planner has room for your schedule, your to-do lists, and all your doodles.  This Tiffany & Co. notebook will help you plan your every day by the hour, so you never miss a meeting again. This starry (and affordable) planner will remind you to check your horoscope each and every day. Moleskine's no-nonsense planners are a classic for a reason. If you're trying to achieve some big goals in 2019, this is all you need. Instead of tackling the whole year at once, this notebook breaks it down into 90-day achievement cycles that are optimized for goal-tracking and detailed planning. Erin Condren's planners are meant to be customized, so get your markers, your stickers, and your colored pens ready. Another classic, this no-fuss notebook will get the job done, fit easily into your bag, and it comes in all of your favorite colors. Emily Ley's planners break down every day by the hour while also providing a daily to-do list, so you can ensure nothing will slip through the cracks. This beautiful planner, designed by Minneapolis artist Ashley Mary, includes a space for monthly goal-setting, as well as a budget section, and a pocket!! Target is where it's at for cute planners that will get the job done but won't drain your bank account before the year's even started. The fun designs in this ban.do agenda are enough to make you keep coming back to it all year long.
 Anok Yai was discovered in 2017, when an Instagram snap of the leggy beauty taken at one of Howard University’s homecoming celebrations (she’d been visiting a friend) went viral. Soon thereafter, the then biochemistry major from New Hampshire’s Plymouth State University was booked for Prada’s fall 2018 show, as well as its spring and pre-fall 2018 campaigns. “My art professor told me I should withdraw, otherwise she’d fail me for all the absences,” Yai says, “but my chemistry professor encouraged me to pursue this, joking that it would be a far more lucrative path.”  Prior to her discovery, Yai was juggling a full course load and working as much as 80 hours per week in order to pay for her education. Initially, her parents weren’t thrilled about their daughter putting her academic pursuits on hold. They’d fled civil war in their native Sudan, immigrating to the States about four years after Anok was born in Egypt, and had worked hard to provide a comfortable upbringing for Yai and her five siblings. “You’re telling me that someone wants to pay for your flight to L.A., pay for your hotel, and then pay you to take photos? It’s a scam!” she says her father insisted. It wasn’t until they saw her image on a billboard that the Yais came around. Now the 21-year-old is fully embracing her new path.    As a face of Estée Lauder, she’s vocal about the need for more diversity in the fashion industry and is particularly proud of convincing designers to allow her to walk the runway with either cornrows or an Afro. She also advocates for the hiring of hairdressers trained in a wider range of hair textures. Yai, who was bit by the beauty bug at a young age, says she would often sneak into her mother’s makeup bag before going to school but remove any traces before coming home. “She preferred me barefaced,” says Yai. “And I certainly never had any Estée Lauder.” These days, Yai never leaves home without a swipe or two of her favorite Estée Lauder Double Wear Zero-Smudge Lengthening Mascara.—Naomi Rougeau       Despite growing up a self-described tomboy in the Florida Panhandle, Grace Elizabeth Cabe knows her way around the beauty department. For years, her grandmother worked at an Estée Lauder counter in a North Carolina mall. When the 21-year-old landed a contract as an ambassador for the venerable brand, one of the first people she called was her grandmother. “She couldn’t believe it,” Cabe says. “She was so proud that her granddaughter’s face would now be gracing the spot where she’d spent so much time helping women get ready for weddings and other occasions.” The two don’t see each other as often as Cabe would like, since much of her time is spent in transit between jobs. But all that travel has allowed Cabe to perfect her style and beauty routines. In her longhaul beauty arsenal: Estée Lauder Advanced Night Repair serum, which she “wears like a mask,” and the occasional bold lipstick. Style-wise, denim is de rigueur for this Southern beauty, who frequents New York’s What Goes Around Comes Around for vintage tees and jeans, elevated by Gucci sneakers. “It’s great to have the best of both worlds,” she says.—n.r. 
 Whether via Instagram or in-person, street style majorly influences and inspires our fashion choices. And with the right mix of well-dressed characters, unexpected places can become fashion hubs—including the airport.   We spent a day in the United terminal at Newark Liberty International Airport—and in the airline's luxuriously appointed Polaris lounge and invite-only restaurant Classified—and found some impeccable travel uniforms worth copying.  Instagram: @ericadayne Occupation: Model agent Traveling to: Los Angeles, California “I’ve been traveling for work for the past five years. For our larger events, I frequently fly to major cities like LA, Austin, Miami, Chicago, and Toronto. I recommend everyone find a job where they can travel, break up the 9-5, and get out there.” Instagram: @nataliewong1231 Occupation: Fashion entrepreneur  Traveling to: Beijing, China “The best trick to avoid jet lag is to sleep as little as possible and set your clock immediately for your destination’s time zone. I do this trip probably once a month and it helps me every time. [That and] my grandmother’s sweater. I love flying in something big and oversized.” Instagram: @thatdarkskingirl Occupation: Model Traveling to: Madrid, Spain “When I’m going to be on a long flight, I like to be very comfortable. I’ll typically wear sneakers and stylish sweatpants or something loose fitting. Two places that are on my list to visit next are definitely Dubai and Paris.” Instagram: @lmcshops Occupation: Editor Traveling to: Tampa, Florida “I fly in and out of Newark constantly due to where I live and find it super convenient. My flight uniform is typically jeans and a blazer. I wear a lot of the latter, and they're not suitcase friendly.” Instagram: @elaynabachman Occupation: Makeup artist Traveling to: Los Angeles, California “No matter the weather or shoe, I always bring socks to go through security. After I'm through, I make sure to buy a huge jug of water. That’s the most important thing for me to have on the plane.”
 Ty Hunter—the veteran stylist of Beyoncé—tells all. Despite the couture component, J-Lo's latest selfie is surprisingly relatable. It shows the superstar in a massive Giambattista Valli dress, crammed and crouched in the backseat of a car.   “Sit Ready...” #SecondAct premiere night!!! Out December 21st!! A post shared by  Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on Dec 13, 2018 at 2:21am PST Tulle cascades aside, we've all been there, and with holiday party season in full swing, it's bound to happen again. 2018 is the year of BDE, after all, and as far as the runways are concerned, that clearly means "Big Dress Energy." Enter Hyundai, whose latest ride is called The Palisade. It comes with Hollywood perks like digital everything and plush spacious seats (including a foldable third row). Even better, it comes with Ty Hunter as its new ambassador. The stylist / designer / etc. is behind Beyoncé's most iconic looks; he's also helping Hyundai launch their first fashion merch. (Really.)   With that unique grasp of both cars and clothes, Mr. Hunter has some clutch tips for roadside style, which he shared with us at the Palisade's launch in Los Angeles. "The hardest dress I've ever had to load into a car was Beyoncé's sheer Givenchy gown by Riccardo Tisci, which she wore to the Met Ball. It looked like the lightest thing in the world, but that dress was so heavy, physically. Having to pick that up and put it into the car, and get it out of the car, and get her out of the car—I was terrified it would get caught on something. So I made sure the backseat was clear, and also made sure the dress could move in the car before she even put it on." Rule #2: All Hands on Deck   "If you're wearing a long dress into a car, you should pick the train (or the back) before you sit down. You hold the dress with one hand and then you smooth it before you sit with the other hand. Then you lightly put the dress right on your lap or even on the car floor, if it's very clean... Try not to ball up the fabric in your fist, because that could make it wrinkle... The dress is kind of like life, you know? You just have to let it go where it goes, gently." Kim Kardashian, Ty Hunter and Teyana Taylor look beautiful at #BalmainTakesLA. pic.twitter.com/Ktf3r18Z0l "If you're a celebrity arriving to a red carpet, normally there’s paparazzi on both sides of the car. So first, I would have to climb out to block their shot as [the celebrity is] getting out of the car... If you’re nervous about getting out of the car—your dress is short or you’re worried about landing right on your shoes—have your man or your friend just open your car door and stand right in front of it as you go out, to kind of block anyone from looking at you. That’s a trick. Get out on the opposite side of the car from the to make sure you’re all set. Then you get to do a cool walk around the front of the car, kind of like a big reveal of your outfit in motion." 
 After matching outfits with baby Stormi Webster earlier this week, Kylie Jenner debuted a festive holiday look on Instagram. The new mom showed off her nude bejeweled dress while sitting on a white couch and rocking an Ariana Grande-level high ponytail. It's possible that Kylie's festive outfit is for a last minute Kardashian Christmas card photoshoot. The Sun points out that Kim Kardashian seemingly gathered some of the famous family yesterday and organized a potential photo op.  In an Instagram story post, Kim posed with Kris Jenner and Khloe Kardashian asking followers, "Shall I force the family to shoot a Christmas card today?"  Kardashian also tweeted about the possible shoot, but presented a big dilemma: Kanye was missing.  Ok I have al of my sisters and my mom on set! I’m trying to surprise them with a Christmas Card shoot but just thought of this idea and Kanye is out of town! 😭 What do I do???? The Kardashian Christmas card has become famous over the years—for both photos and drama. If you recall last year's shoot, Kim and sister Kourtney got into an explosive fight (which was thoroughly documented on an episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians).
 Over 3,000 people have given it 5-stars.  The temperatures have officially dropped and if your parka from last year feels lighter than you remember, let us introduce you to the most popular down jacket on Amazon. The Oroaly Thicken Down Jacket has racked up over 5,ooo reviews with an average 4.3 rating making it the best-selling item in the Women's Down Jackets & Parkas category. Other super-warm winter coats can cost up to $200, but this puffer will keep you warm for just $120. It’s also wind-proof, water resistant, and machine washable (so long as your remove the faux fur).  No wonder people are obsessed. One reviewer said it’s her go-to when the temperatures drop below zero. "The lining is extra soft and warm and the pockets are perfect to carry items to leave the purse at home,” she wrote "I'm usually skeptical but please take my word, this jacket is definitely a good buy!”  Another found this coat through a friend and was shocked that it wasn’t crazy expensive. "I assumed this was some expensive design jacket, cause it looks it! It's a great jacket for the price that looks waaaaay more expensive than it is.” One thing that reviewers did note is that the zipper tends to gets stuck and can be a little awkward to zip, but it's nothing that stopped them from raving about the coats coziness. If you're interested, don't wait to order. With Amazon's two-day shipping, you could be living your warmest life ever by the weekend if you buy now. 
From: Good Housekeeping US

 Something Navy founder Arielle Charnas has just dropped her latest collection from Nordstrom and—guess what—you're going to want to shop. It includes dresses you can wear for work or holiday parties, a white blouse you didn't know you needed (until now!), plus great boots that won't break your budget. Shop my favorites from the bunch, ahead.  Yes, white boots are indeed still going strong. But if they're not your thing, this style also comes in leopard print and classic black.  Pair this with all of your favorite sweaters to add some oomph.   A polished coat you can wear with everything.  When you can't be bothered to wear heels, try a sleek loafer instead.  Wear this number to all the winter weddings you have to go to this season.   Found: The coat you'll find yourself reaching for every weekend.  The option to remove the bow makes it feel like you're getting two shirts for the price of one.  If you don't already own a pair of nice black boots, now is your chance. A party dress with sleeves? Yes please.  
 At ELLE.com, we aren't afraid to admit it: we love to shop. A sale at Shopbop? I already have three items in my cart. Christmas candles that double as great gifts? Just tell me where to click. Extra cozy fragrances? One of each, please. But after months of indulging in our shoppies, it's nice to look back at a year well-spent. So ahead we rounded up the 12 products ELLE.com readers bought the most this year, from a go-to hairdryer to a boxy white t-shirt. Happy holidays shopping! The #1 most popular product on ELLE.com? Glossier Boy Brow. Proof that no makeup-makeup is here to stay. We ranked this the best mask for getting rid of dark circles, and readers seem to agree. This sunscreen is favorite among dermatologists, which made it a favorite among ELLE.com readers too. We called this the "fastest, most dramatic" lip plumper on the market. Another derm-approved sunscreen, which also conveniently went on sale in October. This won one the award for being one of our best moisturizers for oily, acne-prone skin, and it's a favorite of former ELLE.com staff writer Mattie Kahn. 5 DIPTYQUE candles for $55? Yes please! The best blow dryer for salon results at home (and who doesn't want salon results at home). One of our best, reasonably-priced dark spot correctors. If you're looking to grow out your hair, this is the shampoo for you. This cream is our Beauty Producer Chloe Hall's favorite daily moisturizer. Our site director Leah Chernikoff swears this is the perfect white t-shirt.
 She wants to feel cozy.  “I demand peak cozy at all time,” explains Amy Schumer. “I feel entitled to coziness and that is what this line is 1,000 percent about." Schumer is chatting with me at the launch event for her clothing collection Le Cloud, located in a spacious New York flat that Joanna Gaines would very much approve of with its mixed prints, ping pong table as decor, and what looked an awful lot like subway tile in the bathroom. Schumer and stylist Leesa Evans are sitting on a pristine white couch with white pillows and white throws as they discuss the launch of their new joint venture, a 23-piece collection ranging sizes 0 to 20, with expansion to size 40 in phase two, launching exclusively at Saks OFF 5th online and in its NYC stores today.  Schumer and Evans met on the set of Trainwreck, where the actress demanded to wear sweatpants every day, much to Evans dismay. Out of necessity, or possibly a love for hygge, the two decided to create a line of clothing that is comfortable enough that wearers could lounge at home, run to the bodega, or even take important meetings wearing the sweats, skirts, jumpsuits, and sweaters. On top of providing casual versatility, thirty percent of the net proceeds from the collection's sales will be donated to Community Partners, a not-for-profit organization in support of the STYLEFUND project, Schumer and Evan's charity that aims to empower women from all economic backgrounds and uses clothing to increase confidence.   Shumer and Evans took a second from the launch party, where guests included Emily Ratajkowski, RBG's new boyfriends Armie Hammer, Justin Theroux, and fellow comics Vanessa Bayer and Rachel Dratch, to chat with ELLE.com about the new line, plans for a possible maternity or pet line, and how clothes that may make you look “fuckable” aren’t always the most comfortable.  Schumer: I think they're really connected especially by where you are in your evolution as a performer.  If you look at my specials it's like these sort of short little Stepford wife mini dresses which were good at the time but not with these changing times. I'm so grateful to this younger generation for pointing out how little equality there is and how women, to get attention and be treated well, we've had to also try to look super fuckable. For me, I was trying to get people to stop flipping the channel, "Oh, it's a girl in a short dress," then I hoped they would listen to what I was saying. The Leather Special was me kind of owning it and relying on my voice because I've earned the right and I have people's attention. I'm selling out arenas and no female comic has ever done that. With my next special you will see, the fashion is more laid back, relaxed, lighter makeup, so fashion is just part of this evolution that's getting closer to who I really am.  You also see it now too on the red carpet with Blake Lively wearing suits for her press tour or Emma Stone dressing a bit more masculine which in turn looks so powerful and sexy. It's a statement. It's not just about trying to be fuckable.    Schumer: Well, that's the thing. I demand peak cozy at all times. I feel entitled to coziness and that is what this line is 1,000 percent about.  Evans: For real. Amy was like, "I'm wearing sweatpants and if you don't want me to wear sweatpants then you gotta find something. You gotta make something." I was up for the challenge. That's what was so great about the whole experience, truthfully, is  I realized in what Amy wanted what I was actually missing in my own life. I needed comfort when I was hanging out at home, running to the store, or going to meet a client.  Schumer: Any combination of these clothes you can wear out to a bar, a meeting, fly across the country, get snapped by paparazzi at the airport, or meet your boyfriend's family for the first time and you're going to look your best.  Schumer: I'm gonna need some post partum.  Evans: Yes. I realize it's been fun to see what people are asking for and it feels like the sky's the limit really.  Schumer: We want to make pet wear. LePet. We're real assholes. I have a toy poodle so like we have to, we're real pieces of shit.  Schumer: That's how we started together even before we had LeCloud, it was STYLEFUND. STYLEFUND was about trying to pass those tools that Leesa gave me in understanding how to dress for yourself onto other women. It shouldn't just be for somebody in the public eye. For me to get out of the house and go on stage at a little comedy club was stressful getting dressed. It got us thinking about these women who are just getting out of being incarcerated or the military or maternity leave and going back to work and we wanted to support the community.  Evans: I think I also felt like Amy really fundamentally understood that when you have clothing that supports you and your confidence and your well being, you can accomplish anything and she was like, "Wait a minute. We've gotta tell everybody about this." Shop the line online at saksoff5th.com/LeCloud or in Saks OFF 5TH's NYC location. 
 "Don't characterize the strength that I bring." That's a sentence uttered yesterday by likely Democratic House Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi during a bizarre televised meeting with President Donald Trump and her Senate counterpart, Chuck Schumer. During a tense discussion about funding for a border wall, Pelosi also insisted Trump have "evidence-based conversations" and gleefully dared him to shut down the government. As the Times wrote of the meeting, "For those who study women in politics, it was a notable moment — a behind-the-scenes peek at a powerful woman negotiating with the leader of the free world."  After the heated exchange, Pelosi strode confidently away from the White House in sunglasses, pumps and a brick red MaxMara GLAMIS coat. Twitter, of course, loved it. That fearless gait! That autumn hue! That look of complete and utter "don't fuck with me-ness." Even award-winning filmmakers were into it.  Has anybody figured what coat this is she’s wearing? I waited to ask this question, let the seriousness of the situation be properly discussed but... that color is LEGIT and we need to know this👌🏿 https://t.co/hfF6IZL5Yg  "What I love about this coat is what it says about the supposed impotence of fashion," Moonlight director Barry Jenkins tweeted. "From the asymmetrical front to the high collar, the strong yet unstrained shoulder and, of course, that COLOR -- a deeply serene yet emphatic & ravishing color. This look kicks soooo much ass...And it kicked HIS ass." A coat is not going to stand up to your sexist colleague for you, or negotiate a raise on your behalf. A coat isn't going to force the President of the United States to have "evidence-based" discussions and it's certainly not going to keep the racist border wall from being funded. But if you think wearing a tomato red winter coat might make you feel even an ounce as powerful as Nancy Pelosi after a triumphant win, why the hell not. The original coat is from 2013, and according to MaxMara it won't be available again until it's "reinstated in a variety of colors" next year, but you can shop similar options below.   This Mango number is a perfect match for Pelosi's coat color, but with a cinched waist to make it extra flattering. This coat has all the color of Nancy's coat, but its lightness makes is perfect for fair-weather climates. Bonus: It's on sale. In case you'd prefer a slightly darker version. Or a slightly brighter version! This one has the same high collar as Speaker Pelosi's.
 Spread holiday cheer and then some with silk pajamas, a Louis Vuitton dog collar, or the sexiest coffee maker no one know they needed until now. Ahead, shop our roundup of the best under-$500 gifts that will spoil your favorite person rotten.  An evening back for your chicest friend.  Because her skills have moved beyond portrait mode.  Their dog's life is far from rough.  She'll appreciate the cheekiness of this suitcase.  Watching The Great British Bake-Off is about to get so much more intense.  From someone who owns it, trust me when I say they'll end up wearing this necklace every damn day.  Of all the affordable leather jacket brands, Artizia makes some of the best.  If you're going to gift a scarf, make it iconic.  A rug(g) for their Uggs.   For those who believe vinyl sounds best and people who just want their sound system to look good.   A giant wallet stuffed with old receipts makes them shiver.  They can wear their heart on their sleeve.   For the indecisive florist.   $500 won't get them a brand new Chanel bag, but their brooches are just as timeless.  Who knew a floor-length puffer could look this cool?  Your dad doesn't need the latest iPhone, but he doesn't deserve to use a clunky flip phone.  This is the kind of OTT gift they'd never buy themselves, but would die to receive.  She needs to sleep like a queen, and that requires silk jammies.  She won't accept your calendar invites, but she'd pencil you in if she owned this chic agenda.  If she's a hair guru, this cult-favorite brand is for her.  This is what happens when the chicest audio brand collabs with the chicest camera brand.  Making coffee never looked this sexy.  Give them the Rolls Royce of hair brushes.  "Fancy fitness" is her aesthetic. Who doesn't love a good pair of statement earrings?  His and hers. 
 Cancelled flight? Here’s how to make the most of it. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. The best-laid travel plans can go seriously awry when winter weather comes to play. A little sprinkle of magic—by way of some gorgeous sparkle—can make a big difference in turning a worst-holiday-ever situation into something memorable. Watch the video above to see how we used Swarovski pieces to cast a magic spell on The Beekman Hotel in downtown New York City.  
 With just two weeks left in 2018, it's officially cozy time. A moment in the calendar where cashmere knits, wooly hats, and faux fur coats reign supreme because 1. You've had a long year and your clothing now does double duty as a security blanket and 2. It's cold AF outside. If you're lacking in items to transform yourself into a Cozy Queen, Shopbop has tons of options in the sale section and for the next three days you can take an additional 30 percent off sale items with the code JOY18. Shop my favorites from the lot, ahead.   Because everyone could use a good red coat.  A grandpa cardigan that's so soft you'll probably fall asleep in it.   Form meets function, personified. Now's the time to buy that "frivolous" coat you don't want to spend a ton of money on.  When cashmere is on sale...you buy it.   Two words: Sherpa lined.   Hard on the outside, soft on the inside.  A fisherman's sweater you won't drown in. Like a robe, only fancier.  A surprisingly useful sweater you'll get a lot of use from.  
 Over 31 million people follow Chanel's official Instagram, but Karl Lagerfeld isn't one of them. "I don't even know how it looks," he told The Cut in a new, wide-ranging, and often hilarious interview. Why? Well, between getting texted photo updates "from" (his words) his beloved cat, Choupette, and overseeing the creative direction for both Chanel and Fendi, the man simply just doesn't have the time.  Lagerfeld is famously outspoken, but he hasn't given an interview in a while. In this gem, he revealed:   Same?
 I'm always looking for a perfect version of something-or-other when idly shopping online, and right now my shopping white whale is a thin, soft, crewneck cardigan.  Cardigans are nice layering items in the winter (and during the summer in your freezing cold office), but I don't want to wear them as an afterthought. I want it to be the whole thing. I love the way a cardigan looks when it's all buttoned up and tucked into a pair of vintage high-waisted jeans or wide-leg pants or a midi-length skirt. See what I mean?     Anyway, it's an easy style trick and I'm into it! I have managed to convince at least half of team ELLE.com that cardigans buttoned all the way up are the way to go. Nikki has obviously known this for a while.   day 5 of not wearing jeans. My learnings so far: i INSTANTLY feel more polished wearing “trousers,” I’m running out of pants, and I need to figure out how to wear pants with sneakers. 🤔🙋🏾‍♀️😎 #pantsme A post shared by  Nikki Ogunnaike (@nikkiogun) on Dec 4, 2017 at 1:40pm PST Here are some perfect cardigans-to-wear-as-sweaters. 
 Part of being a Mom is loving robes. A good robe brings her back to your family vacation to Niagara Falls and the Marriott hotel ("well isn't this a nice robe"). It's her go-to attire for all activities before 8AM, conjuring memories of making Eggos on Saturday morning. It hides ratty old pajamas.  In short, a robe is a classic holiday gift. But it can't be just any robe. We found the absolute best one on the internet and here's why. No one loves a deal like your mother. Your shared love of slashed prices bonds you forever, and this robe is 50 percent off.  A thin robe is for people who don't know how to live. DKNY's style is so plush it feels like you're sleeping in a pile of teddy bears. Plus, you can only give moms fluffy robes... satin is not suitable for children to gift.  According to Alexander Wang's Spring 2019 collection, robes and towels (twisted in that way every woman knows how to do, but can't remember when they learned) is in. This gift lets her know she's a trendsetter. Wang sent down leopard printed robes, but we both know that's too wild for your mother, so red it is.  A white robe is a Mother's Day choice, but this festive hue is way better. Moms love a thematic gift they can use year round, unlike those tiny village sets she buys in bulk at Hallmark (which is another great, but weird, Mom gift).  Do yourself a favor and buy two. Imagine how cute the picture of you twinning on the couch watching The Princess Switch will be. You're welcome.
 Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week.  Who: Lupita Nyong'o  When: December 5, 2018 Wearing: Jean Paul Gaultier, Nine West shoes  Why: We dare you to imagine another human wearing a power suit that looks as good as Lupita Nyong'o. She wore it to the—wait for it—Power 100 Women In Entertainment event in Los Angeles, California. But what makes her the best dressed winner this week? Her $54 shoes that look way more expensive than they are.  Who: Danai Gurira  When: December 6, 2018 Wearing: Emilia Wickstead, Christian Louboutin shoes  Why: Lime green is a color that rarely looks good on anything other than, well, limes. But seeing Danai Guriria in neon citrus at the 76th Annual Golden Globe Awards nominations announcement, has almost convinced we can too.  Who: Margot Robbie  When: December 04, 2018  Wearing: Chanel  Why: The Chanel Metiers D'Art show brought everything you could want from a runway: campy Egyptian-inspired clothing, Pharrell dressed as a pharaoh, and Margot Robbie in the perfect tux-meets-mini-dress.  Who: Sara Sampaio  When: December 02, 2018 Wearing: Versace Why: We will never tire of celebrities inspired by Cher Horowitz, but Sara Sampaio’s look at the Versace show in New York City tops our list of copycats. Not only is it by the very same designer, but we love how it’s a modernized version.   Who: Amandla Stenberg When: December 5, 2018  Wearing: Sies Marjan  Why: A pink suit is one thing, but styling it with a teal top is a refreshing combo. When we attempt to do the same we'll be inspired by Amandla Stenberg's slouchy look in Los Angeles, California.  Who: Saoirse Ronan  When: December 4, 2018 Wearing: Gucci Why: The text on Saoirse Ronan's dress at the New York City premiere of Mary Queen Of Scots reads: dress for the French Riviera in winter. Obviously. Coupled with a bedazzled, anatomically-correct heart, it's an unexpected, playful choice. 
 It’s been a big day for Laura Harrier. The actress woke up to news of her recent film, BlacKkKlansman, being nominated for a Golden Globe, then zoomed through the NADA art fair in Miami, ending up at Casa Casuarina—a.k.a. the infamous Versace Mansion—for Bombay Sapphire’s Artisan Series Finale. What can we expect from the Louis Vuitton muse when she goes through the awards red carpet marathon? A lot of poise, some serious designer looks, and probably a cocktail...or four.  Thank you. I literally just found out now. It's very exciting and we're all really proud of the movie, but wow. To me, there’s always room to have deeper conversations about where we are in the world, even on a red carpet. There’s always space to bring awareness to larger issues. The carpet is such a huge platform, we’re lucky to be able to use it to talk about things that are more meaningful.  Of course, most of the questions are going to be about fashion and clothes—and I love fashion and clothes, and I’m happy to talk about them because they're such a big part of our culture. But if we have the opportunity, why not also talk about something else? Not instead of clothes, but along with clothes? Oh, no. Absolutely not. But my experience was really different, because I was a real unknown when I started. I wasn’t [Devon Windsor] or Bella or Kendall, you know? I just modeled to pay my way through acting school, so it wasn’t really my big focus or my goal. I just wanted to make money so I could become a better actress. But I really didn’t like modeling, because I did feel objectified. If you’re able to be a model from a place of more power, it’s probably different. But in my experience, it wasn't for me.   Sure. I still make ceramics at home! I do it on a pottery wheel; it’s super meditative for me. But I’ve never sold them or anything, not like I'm a professional. I give them away, but…do you think I should sell some of them for charity?  I know! I should! Why not? There’s already video of me online doing it; maybe that can just be my audition. Not really. I can’t make cocktails, but I drink a lot of them. Fuck yeah. Sorry, am I allowed to say that? Because yes, I am drunk in every picture you see of me. [Laughs] Seriously though, that shit is so stressful. Literally, I have anxiety attacks because it’s just a group of a million men screaming at you and flashing bright lights at you and telling you how to look. Are you kidding? That’s crazy. Have a drink first. 
 If you don't immediately notice the clothes in Monse's pre-fall 2019 collection images, we wouldn't blame you. Yes they're obviously great, but you may be too busy gazing at that adorably pudgy French bulldog, or maybe that Lab/retriever mix duo featured in the photo shoot conjured up by designers Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia. For their latest collection, they bridged the brand's love of animals and fashion by partnering with six different animal shelters around New York City (Animal Haven, Best Friends Animal Society, Bideawee, Rescue City, Rescue Dogs Rock, and Social Tees Animal Rescue). Models, dressed in the label's collegiate-style sweaters and asymmetrical navy blazers, posed with over 30 rescue dogs in need of homes for the campaign. But the dog theme doesn't end there: The designers are also working on a product collaboration with Disney, which will feature Mickey Mouse's best friend Pluto. The collab, expected to launch in May along with the pre-fall '19 collection, will feature pieces like silk twill cardigans, cotton shirting, and limited edition denim styles. There will also be a short film by Fabian Constant featuring Monse muse Dilone and Monse's own office dog Louise.   While you wait for the full pre-fall and Pluto collections to officially drop, select Monse pieces (for dogs and humans) are available to purchase online, with 100 percent of the gross proceeds being distributed across the six animal rescue organizations. So buy some clothes and save some furry pals while you're at it.  
From: Marie Claire US

 We’ve been tracking Amazon’s 12 days of deals and today it finally landed on the fashion section (!!). Some deals include: up to 30 percent off shoes and handbags, 30 percent off Kylie and Kendall Jenner’s namesake fashion line, and 50 percent off J.Crew’s Mercantile line. (Amazon partnered with the retailer back in September to launch this lower-price diffusion line for both women and men.) Everything that you love about J.Crew, from its basic white button-downs to neutral-colored sweaters, are available on Amazon, including this sleek wool coat. The outerwear comes in seven different colors and has a high neck collar design and a hidden zipper. These details make the coat look completely tailored and sophisticated, perfect for wearing to the office. And it's also on sale for $64, which is practically a steal.  Though the coat is my favorite piece from the Mercantile line, after browsing through the selections, I also felt myself eyeing the tees and sweaters. I told myself I don't need anymore winter sweaters or white t-shirts, but the J.Crew one is only $8...so I'm buying it.    The coat: More discounted selections from the J.Crew Mercantile line: 
From: Marie Claire US

 There are athletic brands that are committed to comfort, brands that focus on performance, and others that are all about sustainability. Then, there's Girlfriend Collective, the cult-favorite line focused on all these things and more. Girlfriend Collective's latest commitment? Expanding its size range to represent the diverse (and super loyal) fan base the brand gained since its debut in 2016.  Girlfriend Collective's leggings initially ranged from XXS-3XL and bras from XS-XL. Now, they are offering leggings lovers sizes XXS to 6XL, while the new bra sizes start at XS and go up to 3XL. In order to test the new size range, Girlfriend Collective hosted its first outdoor event, Hike and Hang, and invited nine customers of different sizes and shapes to Denny Creek Trails in Washington.  Girlfriend Collective is also bringing back a few fan-favorite shades like Jade, Rose Quartz, and Red Ochre. Plus, each pair of the "slow-fashion" company's leggings is made from 25 recycled water bottles. What better way to kick off your New Year's resolutions than in a pair of ethically produced, eco-conscious leggings?
  In the realm of girlhood dreams, Chloë Sevigny looms large. The actress and style muse has a Golden Globe, a backstage pass to every cool concert, and Bvlgari diamonds whenever there's a big party.  Last night, the party was huge—a celebration of Raul de Nieves' massive sparkly carousel at the Faena Hotel in Miami Beach. Party guests were warned not to touch it; Sevigny got to climb on and ride.  We had a drink with the eternally cool blonde just before dinner. She wore Miu Miu; we wore a naked expression of 9th grade anxiety, because, again: Chloë Sevigny.  Well first of all, who doesn’t want to look like Michelle Pfeiffer in Scarface? You’ve got to own it. Put it on display. I kept the dress simple because I wanted the jewelry as the centerpiece. I’m obsessed with Italian big chunky jewelry. I feel like they do it so well—the Italians, but especially Bvlgari. The snake pieces, the big chunky diamond chokers, I’ve always been obsessed with them. I wore one of their vintage snakes to the Golden Globes the first time I went, and ever since, they're my go-to. You know, it did! He came up to the room but he's left me alone for the party. I do have to return the jewelry before I’m allowed to leave the hotel, though. And to be honest, I think we’re surrounded by secret Bvlgari people to make sure I don’t make an escape.  Never. I just don’t have that kind of personality. I even used to be obsessed with mourning jewelry, and nothing terrible ever happened when I was wearing it. Do I need a cleansing process for my jewelry? I don't think so. Do you have one? I’ve recently been investing a little bit more now that I have my house in order, and other financial things in order. I’ve been getting some antique pieces from Kentshire Jewelry in Bergdorf. My friend Carrie [Imberman] owns it; her parents owned it. When I want to spend that much money, I know where it’s going, I know the research and care that goes into acquiring the pieces.  When I was quite young! When Larry Clark directed my first film, I used to go over his apartment all the time and he had an amazing art collection. He was friends with Katie Nolan and Christopher Wool and Robert Gober. He had these Robert Gober wax red shoes that I was obsessed with. I grew up in Connecticut; I didn’t know too much about contemporary art. Larry Clark opened me up to this whole world. And it was when Felix Gonzalez-Torres was in his prime and had all these posters all over the city. I became obsessed with him, too.  No, I bought a piece at 303 Gallery from Karen Kilimnik. It was a painting and it was my first big piece. And it burned up in a fire! I was going out with Harmony Korine at the time. He had a house in Connecticut, and I was in between apartments, so he had my painting up in that house! And there was a big fire, and that painting was destroyed. I’m still morning the loss of it. Before the fire, it was on loan to ICA London—it was an important piece! Now it’s gone forever, which is pretty terrible. It's crazy how art can just disappear. It felt really good! I had a big purge and it was great. All the girls who showed up were really excited. This girl was like, “I just bought my first Alaia dress!” I gave it to her for $100. I was happy the pieces were going to girls who were going to appreciate them and give them a real second life. Girls were picking stuff up that I wore in high school! I was trying to explain to the kids who were looking at them where it all came from and give them little stories. It was cute. The girls and boys who came were all really good kids; so nice and so excited about fashion.   I mean, probably! I try to stay current. I actually have a bunch of 20-year-old friends now. I try to stay current.  Some film sets, photo shoots, I did a play last year with a younger actress so I hang out with her. And they teach me about things I wouldn’t necessarily find on my own, like the newer hip hop… SZA, Jorja Smith. And when girls follow me on Instagram—some of the girls who came to the clothing sale tagged me, so I started looking at their feeds and seeing what they’re into. Checking them out—it’s cute for that reason.  It’s up and down, depending on where my ego is at the time. [Laughing.] It’s a business for me so I try and keep it up. I do a thing called “I Heart Actresses” where I highlight performers and types of beauty that are harder to see in mainstream Hollywood. And I like to show artists on my feed. Like my friend, do you know Aurel Schmidt? Her Instagram got shut down because of drawings of penises! She’s like, “Literally there’s so much content on Instagram that’s so provocative, and I’m getting shut down because of fine art? You have to write [Instagram] for me and tell them to get their act together!” So I’m going to.    Ohhh! That's funny! I just met him last night at the [Knicks] game. It was like me and my friend, and him and his friend, and we were all sitting next to each other.  I’d like to be besties with him! He seems cool! He’s a little young for me, as a guy, but I’ve seen him on SNL and I think he’s hilarious. And I heard about the whole thing, who did he date? Ariana Grande? But he seems like he's doing great. He should absolutely come be my friend. I’d love to hang out with him sometime, you know, on purpose.   #fbf #nobuissnesslikeshowbuissness #cannes2018 📹 @nobledanceroslo #imready A post shared by  Chloë Sevigny (@chloessevigny) on Nov 16, 2018 at 6:35am PST
 When Riccardo Tisci took over Burberry earlier this year, the luxury brand faced a historic overhaul that saw Tisci's creative impulse give birth to a new Burberry logo, a buzzy debut collection that combined Tisci's personal aesthetic with the brand's trademark nova check, and a 24-hour Instagram-only pop-up shop. Today, for his latest act, Tisci unveiled the long-awaited Burberry x Vivienne Westwood mash-up.   Shot by legendary British photographer David Sims and featuring a diverse cast of familiar faces like Kate Moss, Sistren, Lady Fag, and more, the joint capsule collection harkens back to Westwood's punk heydey, as Tisci reimagines the British designer's most iconic pieces in Burberry's classic print. Make no mistake: this ain't your grandpa's Burberry.    The collection slashes the classic Burberry trench coat in half to create a cropped shawl-collar jacket and a teeny-tiny mini skirt and kilt. Westwood's signature silhouettes—from the double-breasted jacket updated with wool fabric and a sharp, exaggerated collar to a button-down check shirt with an oversized pointed collar and high-waisted trousers—are all dipped in Burberry's nova check. Even Westwood-style platform heels, printed tights, socks, and a wool beret are apart of the capsule collection.    Westwood and Burberry also co-designed a graphic t-shirt with a handwritten message from Westwood herself emblazoned on the back that reads "Cool Earth has the plan to save the world." Proceeds from the collection will benefit Cool Earth, a UK based non-profit organization that collaborates with rainforest communities to combat deforestation and climate change.  Shop the entire Burberry x Vivienne Westwood collection below. 
 Does the idea of looking at your bank account send you down a stressful spiral, reminding you of last week's round of $15 Who Do I Think I Am cocktails? Understandable. But don't let that effect your holiday spirit. Shop our roundup of gifts under $5 that look way fancier than they cost, here.  Worth way more than a $6 latte.  No, this isn't from Anthropologie.   Gift this to a Glamour Duck fan, also known as any living soul.  Muji makes the best inexpensive notebooks.   Look to Etsy for great homemade gifts, like this snappy bowtie for a pup.  Make sure to gift this with the cutest picture of the two of you.  His tongue will never be the same.  When in doubt, gift a classic.  A subtle suggestion that your roommate needs to clear out the fridge.  This looks just like the necklaces she's been scoping on Instagram.  With these gloves, he'll still be able to text you the best memes.  For someone with a stacked ring addiction.   'Tis the season for massive amounts of glitter.  This cute wallet is all business and play.  Because there's nothing like a good bath.   For the Beyhive insider who knew Blue Ivy's name before the media did.  Napping is her #1 hobby.  Look to Ikea for quirky, well-made home goods at ridiculously low prices.   Tell them to use this chic plate as an even chicer jewelry tray.  Don't forget to include their favorite flower when you gift this.  Their tea deserves a fancy container worthy of valuable counter space.  A jealousy-inducing makeup collection deserves to be seen.  Their Instagram posts of baking cakes and strategically placed tea towels will look even better with these.  Giving good skin is priceless.  A beloved lipstick that happens to be on sale. 
 Your holiday shopping list may be long, but convince yourself it’s ok to indulge in something practical (for yourself of course) like a Prada bag. Loads of crossbodies, the workhorse of your wardrobe are on sale, so check out this roundup of our favorite picks ahead.  It doesn’t get more perfectly basic than this.  Today's the day you'll finally own an icon.  You may have never considered using a green bag as your daily style, but this will go with everything.  This style let’s you hold it by the top handle or throw it over your shoulder.  Admit it, you've felt a little left off the Staud train.  Start prepping for summer now.   You’re still not over Millennial pink.   This bag looks like you found it at an estate sale, but better.  Your (future) children will steal this from your closet.   A clearance sale is the perfect time to indulge your wild side.   Or you can stick to a solid classic.  Prada's '90s nylon bags are making a huge comeback.  
 Prices start at $5000.  This spring, Dior made shirts that blared "Why are there no great women artists?" The question was a quote from feminist art theorist Linda Nochlin, and though it may not be true (Frida! Georgia! Alma Thomas! Elisabeth Vigee Le Brun!), it was provocative enough to spur both Instagram snaps and clothing sales. This week as a small self-rebuttal, Dior artistic director Maria Grazia Chiuri debuts limited-edition Dior Lady handbags created in collaboration with some of today's most noteworthy female artists. The pieces are extremely limited edition, begin at $5000, and are available only at the Dior boutique in Miami's Design District; they roll out globally this January. Scroll through to see them all, and effectively prove Nochlin's quote is (thankfully) getting more obsolete by the day.   Best known for her mixed-medium works of art, the African-American artist often tackles issues of race, gender, and sexuality in her pieces. In short, she's awesome. A graduate of the Sichuan Fine Arts Institute, Li is one of the few female Chinese artists with regular solo shows. Her exploration of how light and space influence emotion has made her a favorite at galleries worldwide. Kojin was born in Hiroshima, Japan, and is most famous for her "contact lens" series of installations, which reflected everything from blooming flowers to golden feathers in a series of trippy, warped viewpoints.  If you like your art colorful, geometric, and a bit hallucinatory, get ready to fall in love with this Pennsylvania-born artist, who's been a gallery fixture since the 1980's.  "My art has attempted to subvert the viewer's expected relationship to an everyday object, nudging them off balance, encouraging a deeper look," says White, who works in Los Angeles and considers her pieces to be an intersection of art, craft, and architecture. A native of South Korea, Bul's large sculptures and room-filling installations are based on the political ideals of feminism and justice. This French sculptor and filmmaker has been exhibited in the Louvre, and works between Paris and Geneva.   An abstract artist from Colombia, De Amaral works with metallic leaf and fiber, and is still creating new pieces at 86 years old.   This Turkish artist mines the competing themes of culture and industry to make sculptures, photos, paintings, and more. Born in Germany and raised in Brazil, Tschäpe is inspired by the infinite possibilities of water and the blurred line between fantasy, symbolism, and imagination. She's a French sculptor who explores inter-dimensional relationships and the balance that must exist between space, time, and beauty. 
 The original queen of grunge glamour on her wardrobe purge for Grailed's sister site, Heroine. Courtney Love talks about her clothes the way Effie Trinket talks about Tributes—some will be treasured, some will be spared, and some very special items will be reaped from her luxury stashes. But her clothing culling puts the odds in your favor, as this week some of her most coveted items go up for sale at Heroine, the female-focused resale site from Grailed, with 10 percent of proceeds going to Stand For Courage, a foundation to fight bullying among both kids and adults.  Among the stash of sale items are red carpet veterans like a black Vivienne Westwood pouf, a pink Dior siren gown, and the pinstripe suit custom-tailored for Love to wear in Hedi Slimane’s Saint Laurent campaign. They were selected by Love with help from Anastasia Walker, a stylist for Blake Lively and Madonna among others, who’s become something of a CL protégé. Here, the original queen of grunge glamour talks about her wardrobe purge, her celebrity shoe hoard, and her budding career as a gallery artist. It gets scary, because I have a lot of clothes and I don’t always get rid of things. I collect stuff—accidentally, sometimes. So when I moved to New York the second time, in 2009, I had to cull my wardrobe for the first time in a decade. I felt my wardrobe heaving, and I had to hire someone to help me de-clutter. She starts putting all my clothes on racks, so I can see them all for the first time, and I’m like, “Wait, I have ten of that same dress? What’s this Margiela thing? I don’t think I need that anymore.” So off it goes. At least, it’s supposed to go…  Well, Anastasia came to me through [stylist] Arianne Phillips. She called me and said, “you need to meet this person,” and she’s very careful with her recommendations. She doesn’t do that often. So I knew she must be really special. No, wear them! I want you to wear them! That’s the goal. That’s why I picked Heroine, because the people who shop there are informed. It’s really a site for people who worship fashion; they’ll understand why this stuff is so special. And they’ve done it before—they did it with Chloe Sevigny a while ago, and I saw how they sold her stuff, and I thought it was brilliant. I mean, those are the breaks. You know what I wish I’d never gotten rid of? My Dior saddle bags. Why did I do that? And also, anything I once had from Marc Jacobs’ Perry Ellis grunge collection. I know he’s bringing it back. But he sent it to me once.  It’s interesting you’re wondering that, because I actually have a story about it. My friend is Anita Pallenberg’s son. I’ve been through a lot of stuff and so has he. He gave me his mother’s stiletto. I’ve shown it to some people and I keep it in a secret place. This is not something I would normally do,  but it’s Anita Pallenberg’s. So it is infused with some magic. It’s amazing.  So if you want to do that with my clothes, you can project onto them whatever you want. I’m done with them. I don’t need the pinstripe coat anymore. If you need it to be strong or glamorous or whatever you need, take it.  Are you kidding? Of course I did. I’ve dealt with a lot of bullying, and my siblings have all had experiences with it, too–all of us were bullied in some way or another. My sister Nicole wants to eradicate that with teens and younger kids. It’s timely. It’s good. It also affects #metoo and because the fact that [#metoo] is still happening and still being perpetuated, that sucks. There’s a need for this right now. That’s why I’ve got my siblings—they’re a bunch of lawyers and brilliant thinkers who can actually help solve [bullying]. They all bring in different essences and help create amazing stuff. I need their help on this, because I say things [in public] sometimes, and I feel like they’re not getting through. I’m not educated; I don’t have a degree, and that’s fine. I’ve been happy to go home to my wardrobe and my drawing, because that’s what I do. Yeah, I’m working on more art. That’s what I’m doing right now; you’ll see more from me soon, I hope.
 Karl Lagerfeld presents a collection with the Met's Temple of Dendur as the backdrop. Chanel became the second ever fashion brand to put on a runway show at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on Tuesday night. (Valentino was the first to do it in 1982.) The French maison crossed the pond to showcase its Métiers d'Art collection using the Met's most famous piece—the Temple of Dendur, an Ancient Egyptian temple dating from around 15 BC—as the backdrop.  Karl Lagerfeld was very obviously inspired by the location. He presented an Ancient Egyptian-themed collection. The approach wasn't nuanced: the inspiration was quite literal and heavy-handed at times. A song called "Egypt, Egypt" by Egyptian Lover, from the album "On the Nile" served as the soundtrack (sample lyrics: Egypt, Egypt, Egypt, Egypt/ Egyptian Lover/ Egyptian Lover, baby/ Egyptian Lover/ Egyptian Lover, baby). Models carried tiny pyramid shaped minaudières, wore layered jewel-collar necklaces, and silhouettes featuring rounded breastplates with shoulders that jutted out, mimicking the regalia of the ancient pharaohs.  Ancient Egyptian symbols, like scarabs and lotus flowers and ankhs, appeared in prints. Eye makeup paid homage to the Eye of Horus.  The collection was so awash in gold that even the models legs got dipped.  Still, the collection was quite beautiful. Chanel's signature nubby knits took on more languid silhouettes—forgoing the boxy suits for body-skimming tunics with a gauzy, muslin, floor-skimming skirt underneath (perhaps as a reference to the linen that mummies were wrapped in?).  More casual pieces, like intarsia knits and metallic pants (like the ones modeled by Pharrell), or a denim look modeled by Kaia Gerber, gave the decadent collection a slightly more relaxed feel.   Karl Lagerfeld took his bow alongside his longtime collaborator, Chanel fashion studio director, Virginie Viard, and Hudson Kroenig, the son of Chanel model Brad Kroenig, who has been walking Chanel shows since he was, well, old enough to walk.  He received a standing ovation from the room, filled mostly with VIP clients dripping in his creations. It was clear here, in a space filled with references to ancient gods, theirs is King Karl.
 A new era of Marc Jacobs is coming. On Wednesday, Women's Wear Daily announced the designer will launch a new label called The Marc Jacobs, which will debut with pre-fall 2019 designs. Unlike its runway counterpart, The Marc Jacobs will be offered at a more affordable price point, though we still don't know what that will look like. This will serve as excellent news for those who loved Jacob's other lower-priced diffusion line, Marc by Marc Jacobs, which was sadly discontinued in 2015.  Not much information has been released about The Marc Jacobs line, but we can expect to see rugby striped sweaters, wide-leg corduroy pants, and accessories. Jacobs also hired Russian stylist Lotta Volkova for the new brand's look book (she's worked with Demna Gvasalia on Vetements and Balenciaga), which was shot by Hugo Scott, an important person to Jacobs’ in-house creative team.   The Marc Jacobs comes at a crucial time as Jacobs' namesake brand struggles with sales decline, including the closing of stores, and even rumors that he would leave his own label. Can this new brand save Marc Jacobs? Here's hoping.  
From: Marie Claire US

 Halima Aden, the first hijabi model to crack fashion's big leagues, is at the forefront of a new focus on representation. "If I can encourage girls to stay true to themselves, then I've done a good job," she says. Here, the 21-year-old showcases just how exciting modest dressing can be.  Halima Aden: Well, girl, when you put it like that.... [Laughs] Yes, it felt like a lot of pressure at certain points. But now I’m finally at a place where I’m seeing my work as a career, versus, “Wow, this kind of fell into my lap—what do I do?” I’m not saying everything’s guaranteed, but I’m taking it more seriously. I don’t speak for every Muslim girl—I can only speak for myself—but I want to be a good role model. If I can encourage girls to stay true to themselves and not be scared to try something new, then I’ve done a good job. I want my career to be fashion with activism—the two together. I just got back from Kakuma refugee camp [in Kenya] with UNICEF. That was life-changing, to go back to the camp I was born in. As a Somali, I can say firsthand what it means to be a refugee and also an American. Representation is so important, especially for little girls. Every kid should see themselves represented [in the media]. Girls who are coming of age and who don’t see someone that looks like them—it can be really difficult.  Modest fashion is booming. It’s not for one race, ethnicity, or religion. It’s a global thing.   This article originally appeared in the December 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Honestly, it's never too late to buy the perfect gift. Even after the big day, no one will turn up their nose at a nicely wrapped, superbly picked present.  With the holidays creeping closer every moment, we're helping you tick off some gift-buying boxes on your to-do list (or just inspiring some personal retail envy). Don't be a stranger either: We'll be adding new picks daily. A retro-chic scarf feels right again, and its ability to be worn multiple ways—in the hair, around the neck, or jauntily tied on a bag strap—maximizes its gifting potential. Blank pages are ready for adventure at home or abroad. The chic cover is a pretty touch whether it's tucked into a carry-on or lives in a bedside drawer. To really indulge someone, give them a pair of shoes designed to their exact size. This luxe measuring kit includes a gift card so they can order when they're ready. If deciding on just one thing has never been your strong suit, grab a gift set. With lots of small items neatly packaged together, it's the best way to give the gift of  options.  There's no overstating how crazy useful a roomy tote is. With the practicality factor a given, accents like a wide stripe help this one stand out from the crowd. Pandora updated its original charm bracelet with a woven style that can be personalized with charms (or not) and is sleek enough to be worn regularly.   There's a reason beauty-lovers go mad for Charlotte Tilbury. Developed after years of working on some of the world's most flawless faces, everything makes a noticeable difference without being too dramatic. A long strand of chunky beads is surprisingly adaptable, mixing into minimalist and maximalist closets alike. Blush pink not quite right for your giftee? There are more than a dozen hues to pick from. With peaked corners, the cat-eye shape is flattering on all face shapes (and never falls out of favor). The real kicker? Elegant tortoiseshell is warmed up by golden accents on the sides. No digital calendar can beat the tactile appeal of a gorgeous physical planner. This special collab will delight organized friends—and inspire those who are a bit more all over the place. A luxe candle is a forever no-brainer when it comes to gifting. Take the staple up a notch by picking one from a buzzy young brand built in the direct-to-consumer model. Notice-me earrings that aren't super heavy and a literal drag to wear? A louder version of the basic hoop silhouette, this marbleized pair can be styled with basics or your best party look.  Pajamas are a necessity that no one minds unwrapping. This simple set is made of soft organic cotton and breathable bamboo. A classic pair of black framed sunglasses is a gift they'll use constantly—and keep pulling out for years to come. Don't be fooled into thinking it's a more summer-appropriate present either: Eyes need equal protection from winter rays. If someone on your list hasn’t been introduced to the glory of packing cubes, fix that, stat. A monogrammed set is the ultimate in suitcase style. A clicky, clanky charm bracelet has been around forever, but just got a much-deserved revamp. Layer one for someone special in your life (engraving is free!).  Fact: A person can never have too many slippers. Done in felt and with a rubber sole, you can even get by with "accidentally" running out in this pair. Give a taste of the islands via a flirty mini bag that can be worn with sweaters now and sundresses later. The messiest bedhead will look instantly more polished with a perfectly tied velvet bow. The prefab construction means no awkward attempts at getting it just so. The typical card-carrying phone case doesn’t stand a chance against this chic leather version. Think about something they’d never pull the trigger on for themselves and treat them to it. Our reco? Insanely luxe lip balm. With a scattering of petite hearts, these socks are subtle enough for minimalists, yet sweet enough for the romantics in your life. Scribble “Yes, they’re really back” on the card before handing over if needed. Scrunchies, gloriously, are back in fashion. Essential oils have steadily been gaining favor in stylish crowds. Help someone dip their toe into the waters with a blend purported to help ease anxieties.
 Riverdale star Lili Reinhart is continuing her foray into fashion. After appearing in H&M Studio's campaign earlier this fall, Reinhart is the face of stylist Ilaria Urbinati and the Mighty Company's Breakup Collection. Urbinati and The Mighty Company's Jessie Willner designed three luxury galactic-inspired jackets for the brand that takes the common breakup expression "I need space" literally. The collection has a philanthropic aspect to it, too—one that sold Reinhart on fronting the campaign: 100 percent of all proceeds will be donated to Unchained at Last,  a nonprofit dedicated to stopping forced and child marriages and helping survivors rebuild their lives. “We realize we are very lucky to have grown up under circumstances wherein we get to make our own choices in our lives: to go after our dreams and the careers we choose, to marry or break up with the partners we choose, to make the decisions we ourselves select," Urbinati said. "So we wanted to help support and empower girls and women who don’t have that simple privilege."  In the campaign images, exclusively unveiled on ELLE.com, Reinhart poses in the coats against a colored background. It's very Barbarella meets 2018 streetwear. A silver "Miss Galaxy" varsity jacket, patent leather black coat with silver stars cutouts on the back, and metallic pink leather zip-up with the word "LOST" on the back are the three pieces available.  “The campaign was space cowgirl themed as a tongue-in-cheek embodiment of a wild, independent woman in a galactic setting," Willner said. "Ilaria pulled up the September 1995 Rolling Stone cover of Alicia Silverstone, and we had to shoot a nod to it. Lili was the perfect front-woman of this because she’s this incredibly outspoken champion of women. She’s not following some set of antiquated rules that accompanies overnight success. She’s straightforward about what she believes and speaks out when she sees something wrong, demonstrating to a huge audience of young women that it’s okay to be unapologetically yourself.” The jackets are available now for $995 each.
 This year alone, a slew of major fashion labels have adopted a sustainable approach to fashion by completely forgoing fur in its future collections, including Burberry, Donna Karan/ DKNY, Donatella Versace, and most recently, Jean Paul Gaultier. Today, Chanel is getting on board with fashion's shift toward ethical sourcing, as the brand announced that it will stop using "exotic skins in our future creations," according to WWD. Bruno Pavlovsky, Chanel’s president of fashion, revealed that its becoming costly to source its exotic skins—which include crocodile, lizard, snake, stingray and fur—and will aim to produce "a new generation of high-end products" using fabric and leather instead.  The news comes just one day ahead of the luxury house's annual Metiers d’Art show taking place at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art on Tuesday, December 4.  This year's show is the first time Karl Lagerfeld and Chanel will show in Manhattan since its Métiers d’Art collection presentation at the 57th Street boutique in 2005 and the 2006 cruise show at NYC's Grand Central Terminal.
 As far as alter egos go, pop culture has commandeered the term a bit. We're used to seeing celebrities share theirs with the world as a way to express another side of the artist, but it's more than a marketing ploy. An alter ego—a variation of oneself—is something anyone, anywhere, can utilize to step more closely toward the light of their true self. Desirous of being more vocal and regarded as a leader? Alter ego. Want to bottle the nurturing side of your personality? Alter ego. People have so many different sides; humans are dynamic with so many layers.  "A second self or different version of oneself, such as a trusted friend" per the dictionary, the alter ego isn't who you wish you could be, but a distilled version of who you already are. It's a magnified celebration of preexisting traits or strengths, an opportunity to turn the spotlight on the things you want the world to recognize you for. No one is assigned their alter ego; it's something the individual constructs and cultivates.  We invited a trio of powerful women in the ELLE orbit to explore their alter egos in their own words—aided by the cue of seeing things through the new lenses of a pair of Gucci sunglasses.  Shape-Shifter It was a positive thing and allowed me to expand my own creativity. If I'm on set, my identity encapsulates all the identities of the people there—the hairdresser, the manicurist. You're a vessel, [and your alter ego] comes together with the efforts of everyone.  Your city, your community, the people around you—that's the authentic way of shapeshifting. That was my first shapeshifting moment. I have androgynous features and tend to dress in masculine shapes that disguise my figure. I spent so many years working [as a model] and needing to show my body. The attention I get on the street, people aren't sure what gender I am. I get attention from gay men and lesbians, less so from straight men, and I find it really cool.   A couple of months ago I bleached my eyebrows; it was such a small change, but a severe outcome. It was fascinating to see how people reacted. It didn't move me toward the "sexy-woman" spectrum—it moved me toward the "weirdo-woman" spectrum. I liked the social experiment side of it. People I connected to on the streets were also weirdos.  
 Gucci Diamond-Frame Sunglasses, $435 SHOP NOW Gucci Cat Eye Metal Glasses with Pearls, $1,230 SHOP NOW Gucci Mask-Frame Acetate Sunglasses, $1,085 SHOP NOW Gucci Square-Frame Metal Sunglasses, $725 SHOP NOW Gucci Limited Edition Mask Sunglasses with Crystals, $2,755 SHOP NOW Mother Earth    It's still a part of who you are—it's just a different side of you. You should be you every day, in whatever you're doing. People have so many different sides; humans are so dynamic with so many layers. As a woman and generally as a human, balance is really important. You need it to feel whole. When you’re working with something that has a life of its own, like flowers, there's a certain way it bends. You can't force it, and that's what nature is. There's something really beautiful about it. When I'm working with flowers, I can only do what they allow me to do.  What I do as a day job is very calculated and strategic, so it's a great kind of balance. It complements my life in a way where, if I only did flowers, I'd get stuck; instead I get to exercise my brain in a different way.  
 Gucci Oversize Round-Frame Metal Sunglasses, $650 SHOP NOW Gucci Rectangular-Frame Metal Sunglasses, $435 SHOP NOW Gucci Aviator Metal Sunglasses, $435 SHOP NOW Gucci Round-Frame Acetate Glasses, $320 SHOP NOW Gucci Specialized Fit Round-Frame Metal Sunglasses, $405 SHOP NOW Warrior Queen  Instead of using it to speak only for themselves, [but] those who didn't get a chance to speak up. Really good data journalism does that: Rather than hearing from one person, when you hear from a data set you're hearing from thousands of people all at once. The starting point is numbers: a spreadsheet or in the back of an academic paper. The point is including many voices instead of just one. That's when data journalism is at its best.   It's a waste to try and convince people not to hate. I'm just trying to convey urgency, to convince people to show up and that they can make a difference. When you think of a warrior, it's about amassing your troops, not trying to convince the other side to fight with you. In my career, how many people have I convinced with data? Very few. How many have I informed? Hopefully quite a lot.  Gucci Mask-Frame Acetate Sunglasses, $1,305 SHOP NOW Gucci Oversize Square-Frame Sunglasses, $535 SHOP NOW Gucci Rectangular-Frame Acetate Sunglasses, $450 SHOP NOW Gucci Rectangular-Frame Metal Sunglasses, $595 SHOP NOW Gucci Oversize Square-Frame Sunglasses, $1,160 SHOP NOW Chateau Marmont trademarks and copyright are used with permission of Chateau Marmont / A.Society
 The '90s are back which means Versace is too.  Versace is smart to bring back the motifs it made famous 30 or so years ago—the fluorescent fluffy knits, the shiny pleather, the logo-mania, the skin-tight and skin-bearing silhouettes, the kilts and the safety pins. The supermodels and Insta-influencers who were literal babies in the '90s are discovering the decade's brash style for the first time and embracing it with relish.  For its 2019 Pre-Fall show, Versace embraced its DNA, showing a collection of animal print bodysuits and body-skimming dresses, suits and athleisure done up in medusa prints mined from the archives , and logomania on t-shirts and accessories. Oversized gold jewelry (including Versace's signature safety pins) punctuated the whole collection.  Shown in a black box with Lady Liberty's golden torch gleaming in the middle (a heavy-handed nod to the NYC location), the show felt vibrant and fun—like a taste of what a decadent Versace show in its '90s heyday must have been like.  Supermodels and Insta girls like Kaia Gerber, Gigi Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski, and Hailey Bieber, walked the runway.   And celebrities like Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, 2 Chainz, Tracee Ellis Ross, and Blake Lively  sat front row.    Some of the most exciting runway moments came when Donatella Versace revived her most iconic dresses from the late '90s and early '00s, including the cut-out safety-pin dress made famous by Elizabeth Hurley in 1994... and the down-to-there printed dress worn by J. Lo at the Grammys in 2000. It was fitting that it was Amber Valetta who wore the recreation as the finale look since she's the model who wore it 20 years ago on the runway for Versace's spring 2000 show. 
 Prep for the holiday party season *not* by buying new clothes.  A pro shopping tip: Once you find the perfect party dress, invest and never look back. A great style can take you from cocktail to black-tie soirée and intimate dinner date to wee-hours-of-the-morning dance party. Even if a silhouette or cut doesn't appear super versatile at first glance, you can extend its range via the right accessories—fragrance included.  Switching up your perfume can make a big impact. As you get ready for holiday drinks and dinners, recast your go-to little black dress in cherry red. It's equal parts whimsical and sultry, elegant and playful, and we're officially calling it a neutral hue (albeit a bold one).  After you've accessorized with shoes and jewelry, look to your fragrance wardrobe. Switching up your perfume can make a big impact on how a look is perceived, along with getting you into an occasion-specific mindset. Below, two ways we'll be styling an unapologetically bold red dress this season.  For the lover of Old Hollywood glamour, rich textures, and luxe shine, this look is for you. Take advantage of a gorgeous, shoulder-hugging neckline with a classic, statement-making necklace that glitters from all angles. Keep your earrings slightly oversized (more is always more when it comes to the holidays) but skip gems to let the necklace shine. Add a pair of timeless pumps, a box bag, and a fuzzy topper that will keep you warm throughout rounds of cocktail events and sit-down dinners. The final magic touch? A spray of Carolina Herrera Good Girl Légère that ups the alluring vibe with a mix of jasmine, sweet tonka, and dulce de leche. SHOP NOW Worn with: Carolina Herrera Dress, $3,290, net-a-porter.com; Jemma Wynne Diamond Choker, $26,250, jemmawynne.com; Manolo Blahnik Pumps, $695, farfetch.com; Mark Cross Bag, $4,495, markcross.com; Raey Coat, $1,310, matchesfashion.com; Marni Earrings, $390, modaoperandi.com Lean into the rock-and-roll vibe with your accessories, relying on the elegance of the dress for all the formality you need. Start with a killer pair of booties accented with some sparkle to make them louder than standard stilettos. Continue in the same vein with a pair of spiked earrings or a coiled ring that have a tough edge, but don't skimp on shine.  Add a bit of pattern with an animal print, and drape the leather jacket you live in over your shoulders (the more beat-up, the better). Finish with a fragrance that uses rich almond and tonka bean. Leave the bottle by the door for a right-before-you-leave spritz on the wrists and nape of the neck; its curvaceous shoe design is pretty enough to double as decor.  SHOP NOW Worn with: same Carolina Herrera Dress; Eva Fehren Earrings, $17,825, evafehren.com; Aquazzura Booties, $1,595, shopbop.com; Hunting Season Clutch, $950, modaoperandi.com; Acne Jacket, $1,550, matchesfashion.com; Lynn Ban Ring, matchesfashion.com
 In 2004, Beyonce met Nelson Mandela when she was billed as a performer at his inaugural 46664 Aids Benefit Concert in Cape Town, South Africa. This past Sunday, the singer returned to Cape Town for the Global Citizens Festival and not only honored the late South African president and activist, but carefully celebrated the continent's legacy and diversity through her costumes.  Beyonce and JAY-Z treated Cape Town to a piece of their On The Run Tour II and emerged on stage hand-in-hand to perform the first song of the night, "Holy Grail," with JAY-Z in a fuchsia suit and Beyonce in a sequined body suit, thigh high boots, and a dramatic cape that paid tribute to Africa's 54 countries, according to Mary Katrantzou, the designer behind the sequined get-up.    I’m so honoured and proud to have designed this bespoke piece for @beyonce and I couldn’t have dreamt of a better occasion than the @glblctzn celebrating 100 years of Mandela. She is a true inspiration, a leader and the perfect example of what it means to be a Global citizen! Her coat has the 54 countries of Africa mapped out and on each country there is a different embroidery representing its diversity @swarovski . Last night was magical!!! EVERY SINGLE MOMENT!!!! All hail the Queen B!!!!! 👑👑👑👑#100yearsofMandela #globalcitizen #beyonce #marykatrantzou Thank you @lejenke @zerinaakers ❤️🙏🏻🙏🏼🙏🏽🙏🏾🙏🏿❤️ #globalcitizenfestival #mandela100 A post shared by  Mary Katrantzou (@marykatrantzou) on Dec 3, 2018 at 5:21am PST  "Her coat has the 54 countries of Africa mapped out and on each country there is a different embroidery representing its diversity," Katrantzou shared on Instagram. Beyonce also wore a colorful beaded mini dress with an elaborate back piece, which according to Momma Knowles, Tina Lawson, featured "one hundred thousands African beads."  One Twitter user suggested Beyonce's beaded ensemble was a nod to the Nala costume worn in the live musical version of The Lion King, which wouldn't be too far-fetched, as Beyonce is set to play Nala in the upcoming live-action film of the Disney classic.  Just realized that Beyoncé’s beaded costume was inspired by Nala’s costume in the Lion King Musical!!! #GlobalCitizen pic.twitter.com/H6idFJ85zB Beyonce's other Global Citizen wardrobe changes included a bright yellow Atelier Versace jumpsuit with safety pins, a black and white graphic Balmain bodysuit and cut-off shorts, a fuchsia taffeta dress, and a emerald green gown with a flowing train.  Ahead of her Global Citizen performance, Beyonce penned a heartfelt tribute to Nelson Mandela on her website, reminiscing about meeting the former South African president for the first time. "I first met you in 2004 at the 46664 AIDS Benefit Concert in Cape Town, and the impact you have had on my life resonates with me today and every day," she wrote. "Your kindness and gratitude for every experience, and your ability to forgive are lessons I have learned and will pass on to my three children. My entire family holds you in high regard." She continued: "As we celebrate the Global Citizen Festival: Mandela 100, honoring your centennial year, I promise you that we have made your dreams our own. Your work and your sacrifices were not in vain. I will cherish every moment shared in your presence and use the lessons learned from you as fuel to stir positive ideas and solutions."
  Between red carpets and IRL sightings, here are the best dressed celebs of the week. Who: Amber Heard  When: November 26, 2018 Wearing: Valentino, Brian Atwood shoes Why: You know that thing you do at costume stores, where you put on silly things as wholesome entertainment for yourself at your friends? Amber Heard at the world premiere of Aquaman is the red carpet version of that. Her thematic swim gear—complete with a matching synchronized swimming cap— is here to have fun, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Tessa Thompson When: November 28, 2018 Wearing: Valentino Why: Tessa Thompson was a close second when it came to best dressed this week. Her supersize gown at the London, England premiere of Creed II is a fashionable take on a parachute which can, unsurprisingly, be done too literally.  Who: Gal Gadot  When: November 25, 2018 Wearing: Mugler Why: We've never owned a wine-colored suit, but now it's clear that a wine colored suit is a must-have. What can we say, we're inspired by Gal Gadot at the European Premiere of Ralph Breaks The Internet in London, England. Who: Ming Xi  When: November 29, 2018 Wearing: Ester Abner Why: A blazer dress is fast-becoming a red carpet favorite, but model Ming Xi's off-the-shoulder style is a refreshing take. Worn to the Cosmo Beauty Awards in Shanghai, China, we especially love her diamond lariat that disappears behind her lapels.  Who: Emily Blunt  When: November 29, 2018 Wearing: Yanina Couture, Loriblu shoes, Stephen Webster jewels Why: Emily Blunt might be playing Mary Poppins in her upcoming role in Mary Poppins Returns, but she looked more like a sugar plum fairy at the Los Angeles, California world premiere. Her angelic dress looks heaven sent.  Who: Nicole Kidman When: November 28, 2018 Wearing: Oscar de la Renta, Christian Louboutin shoes Why: Nicole Kidman took a sartorial risk at the ARIA Awards in Sydney, Australia in feathers and satin. But she strategically wore complexion-flattering blush, making her outfit 100 percent successful.  Who: Tessa Thompson  When: November 14, 2018 Wearing: Prada Why: You can’t help but smile at Tessa Thompson’s look for the New York City premiere of Creed II. Her dress looks like a lime green ladybug, and we mean that in the chicest way possible. It is unashamedly weird, winning her best dressed of the week.   Who: Chrissy Teigen When: November 12, 2018  Wearing: Solace London Why: Chrissy Teigan is our dream BFF. She'd workshop her hilarious tweets with you, shares the best recipes for Pad Thai carbonara, and lend you looks from her lust-worthy closet. Especially the white dress she wore to the 2018 Glamour Women of the Year Awards (where she, no surprise, won woman of the year).   Who: Lily-Rose Depp  When: November 13, 2018  Wearing: Chanel Why: Aerobics, but make it Chanel: first spotted on the SS18 runways it only makes sense that Chanel ambassador Lily Rose Depp is the first to wear it in London, England. Who: Zoe Saldana When: November 10, 2018 Wearing: Saint Laurent Why: The strong shoulders and plunging neckline of Zoe Saldana’s dress for the Baby2Baby gala are our hopes and dreams in a black tie dress. She accessorized her look  with a simple clutch and drop earrings. Who: Scarlett Johansson When: November 11, 2018 Wearing: Versace  Why: Versace's iconic '80s outfit—bustier, belt, and high-wasted pants—is becoming the trendiest outfit of the year, and Scarlett Johansson proves why. She wore this look to the 2018 People’s Choice Awards.  Who: Kelly Rowland  When: Krikor Jabotian Wearing: November 10, 2018 Why: We love a dramatic red carpet appearance, and Kelly Rowland did not disappoint us at the Baby2Baby gala in Culver City, California. She is literally dripping in sequins, lavishly styled with diamonds.   Who: Zoe Kravitz  When: November 8, 2018 Wearing: Saint Laurent  Why: Let's be real: hot pink and black together instantly reminds us of Hot Topic. Zoe Kravitz is eighth-grade graduation, but make it fashion. Her look at the world premiere of Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald gives this middle-school palette an Old Hollywood spin, winning her best dressed of the week.  Who: Emily Ratajkowski  When: November 1, 2018  Wearing: Oscar de la Renta  Why: We didn't know we needed a skirt that looked like drapes at your great aunt's house until we saw Emily Ratajkowski. She wore this curtained look to the Power Women Summit in Los Angeles, California. Who: Grace Bol When: November 5, 2018  Wearing: Juan Carlos Obando  Why: We can't think of any other way to describe Grace Bol's look at the CFDA event in Brooklyn, New York other than: chic. She's swathed in icy blue silk that looks like an actual waterfall.  Who: Taraji P. Henson When: November 4, 2018  Wearing: Brandon Maxwell  Why: Brandon Maxwell is a gift when it comes to Hollywood glamour, and Taraji P. Henson's outfit at the Hollywood Film Awards has it in spades. FYI, these are pants.  Who: A$AP Rocky  When: November 3, 2018 Wearing: Gucci Why: A$AP provides constant inspiration for irreverent fashion, most recently at the LACMA Art + Film Gala in Los Angeles, California. What else do you wear with a simple suit than a periwinkle coat, fur-lined mules, and a grandma-approved headscarf?  Who: Michelle Yeoh When: November 4, 2018  Why: A black tux is a great alternative to a gown, but Michelle Yeoh's ruffled style takes it to the next level. At the Hollywood Film Awards, she expertly accessorized with layers of diamond necklaces and a sculptural bag. Who: Keira Knightley When: November 01, 2018 Wearing: Chanel Why: Keira Knightley and Chanel go together like Keira Knightley and period dramas: really damn well. At the London premiere of The Nutcracker, Knightley reminded us of this, wearing a romantic cupcake-like gown that makes us want to attend a schmancy ball held in Derbyshire. No wonder we've chosen her best dressed of the week.  Who: Misty Copeland  When: October 29, 2018 Wearing: Ermanno Scervino Why: Misty Copeland, actual ballerina, plays a ballerina in The Nutcracker And The Four Realms, and looked like a ballerina at the film's premiere in Hollywood, California. We don't know what twilight zone we're living in, but it's amazing.  Who: Priyanka Chopra  When: October 30, 2018 Wearing: Max Mara coat, Nili Lotan sweater, Lorod skirt, and Pierre Hardy boots Why: Close up shop everyone, we finally figured it out. This is, without a doubt, the perfect fall outfit. Priyanka Chopra stepped out in New York City looking like Fall in camel and rouge, and we’re copying her look asap. Who: Nicole Kidman When: October 29, 2018 Wearing: Markus Lupfer Why: A playful look on the red carpet is always welcomed, and Nicole Kidman's lavender dress at the Los Angeles premiere of Boy Erased is a total dream. The pastel color complements her cool-toned complexion.  Who: Tiffany Haddish  When: October 28, 2018 Wearing: Peter Pilotto, Jimmy Choo shoes Why: We're just-about convinced jumpsuits are better than dresses, and Tiffany Haddish's look at the NYC premiere of Nobody's Fool is leading us one step in the right direction. We love the asymmetric neckline and fun belt, which suits the actress' personality to a tee.  Who: Viola Davis  When: October 26, 2018 Wearing: Bibhu Mohapatra dress, Kallati diamond earrings, Tyler Ellis clutch Why: Viola Davis always does a red carpet beautifully. Her attendance at the 2018 British Academy Britannia Awards in Beverley Hills was no different. We love how her hair compliments her dress' floral motif. 
 Update 12/12: Imagine all that can transpire in the last seven days leading up to the some of the most buzzed-about cultural events, from the Chanel Haute Couture Fashion Show to  the Kentucky Derby or even the opening of Eleven Madison Park. On Wednesday, Netflix finally unveiled the official trailer for its forthcoming docuseries, 7 Days Out, which takes viewers behind the scenes of these events. Watch the trailer below. 
 From the beloved teen rom-coms (you know which one I'm talking about) to the high-volume output of addictive original series, it's nearly impossible to keep up with all the gems nestled in Netflix's arsenal. But come this December, Netflix is expanding its documentary category with a new docuseries titled 7 Days Out, and Karl Lagerfeld is up first.  According to WWD, 7 Days Out will chronicle the week in the life of a visionary from various industries, including fashion, film, entertainment, sports, space, and more. The first episode of 7 Days Out will follow the Chanel creative director as he prepares for the luxury house's Spring 2018 couture show. At the show, Lagerfeld transported guests to a garden party at Paris' Grand Palais and debuted this year's Couture Bride Adut Akech Bior, the second black bride in Chanel history, after Alek Wek. The film will be directed by Andrew Rossi, the mastermind behind The First Monday in May, which centered on the Met Gala's Chinese-inspired exhibition, China Through the Looking Glass. Rossi was granted access to shoot all the happenings at the Chanel show, from the studio to the preparation process and more. The Rossi-helmed episode will join Netflix's other fashion documentaries Manolo: The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards and Dries.  7 Days Out is set to debut on December 21 on Netflix. 
 Andy Wardhol was such a big a fan of Bulgari’s bold, colorful designs that he never made a trip to Rome without visiting the jeweler's headquarters.  He dubbed it “the most important museum of contemporary art.” Fittingly, it was a conversation between Warhol and Nicolo Bulgari, published in the November 1980 issue of Interview, that provided the biggest inspiration to current creative director Lucia Silvestri for Wild Pop, the brand’s latest high jewelry collection. The 83-piece range--which recently made its debut in the Italian capital this past June--is a glorious nod to flashy living. "I think your jewelry is the ’80s. Everybody is trying to copy this look," Warhol told Bulgari at the time, to which he replied: "But they can’t because we are always breaking our heads to do better; always better.” This season, Silvestri did just that, delving into the Warhol archives and channeling several of the artist’s early works and other pop culture totems into playfully extravagant baubles. Among the standouts: a three-strand Tubogas choker, adorned with egg-shaped stones; and the Synthesizer necklace, a collar comprised of articulated diamond and onyx "piano keys." Meanwhile, the Cat bracelet took its design cues directly from Warhol's 25 Cats Name Sam and One Blue Pussy (1954).  Given that the collection contained several music-inspired pieces, Silvestri couldn’t very well give her designs a proper celebration without a concert. Enter the ultimate in nostalgia acts, Duran Duran, who entertained guests after the launch dinner at the Stadio dei Marmi. Making the rounds were current faces of the brand Bella Hadid and Lily Aldridge. Hadid’s gold chain-mail dress shimmered even brighter with the help of more than 60 carats of white diamonds, but it wasn’t enough to dim a surprise appearance from OG supermodel Pat Cleveland. Her arrival sent a clear message: The Factory days are here again.   This article originally appeared in the December 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Payless (as in the discount shoe store) just pulled off the prank of the century. In an experiment that set out to prove shoppers will pay top dollar just for a label, the brand opened an extremely fake boutique called Palessi and invited a group of influencers to come shop the brand's new styles. But wait for it—all of the "designer" Palessi shoes were just $20 kicks from Payless.  CBS reports Payless invited a group of 60 fashion influencers to come shop at the pseudo boutique—which the brand set up at a luxury mall in Los Angeles—and sold them Payless shoes at an 1800 percent markup. (A price tag the influencers paid gladly, by the way). All of the unknowing participants were refunded their money at the end of the experiment, but the results were still hilarious.  One influencer paid $645 for a pair of Payless shoes that range from just $19.99-$39.99. Others marveled at the quality of the shoes, and were quoted as describing the Payless designs as, "Just stunning. Elegant, sophisticated." Of a faux leather sneaker, one anonymous shopper said, "I can tell it was made with high-quality material." The ruse was videotaped and used to create this truly memorable advertisement for Payless: To pull off the stunt, Payless enlisted the help of a company called DCX Growth Accelerator, who found the space, built a fake Palessi website, and filled the showroom with shoes and gold mannequins for an authentic feel.  "We said let's give the campaign a handle, something creative that will be stickier, that an upscale retailer would really do," said DCX chief creative officer Doug Cameron. "I went on Wikipedia and looked up a list of Italian family names and saw Alessi, and added a 'P' to that. We also created a website around Palessi because we figured people would Google it." Well done, Payless. Well done. 
    I hate being in the spotlight,” admits Chanel fashion studio director Virginie Viard, who’s worked alongside Karl Lagerfeld  since (nearly) the beginning. Her tenure at Chanel started in 1987 when a family friend Prince Rainier’s chamberlain, recommended Viard to the designer for an internship. The two creatives have been inseparable ever since. She followed him to Chloé in 1992, and back to Chanel in 1997. At October’s show at the Grand Palais, she even joined him for his bow.  Viard says their process begins when Lagerfeld completes one of his famous colored-pencil-and-pastel sketches, which he still does by hand. “I immediately dispatch each sketch to each première d’atelier, according to her skills and capabilities. I visualize the show, get things ready for him, decide on materials, coordinate the teams, and liaise with suppliers,” she says. “I like to think of myself as the one who helps his vision come alive.” Lagerfeld describes their partnership thusly: “She is my right rector Virginie Viard, hand and my left hand,” he says. “Our relationship is essential, doubled by a very real friendship and affection.” Adds Viard, “I try to—to anticipate what he would like. I love to please him but also surprise him.” Over the years, she has gotten to know the private Lagerfeld. “He is very sensitive, like all creative people, but very faithful, generous—which might not be what people would guess.” For the cruise collection shown here, “Karl had this amazing idea to actually take people on a cruise,” Viard says. When no ship was available, Lagerfeld, Viard, and team made do by having a life-size cruise ship constructed within the Grand Palais. On December 4, the house will present its Métiers d’art collection at New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art. What wonders Lagerfeld has in store is anyone’s guess. What’s for certain: Viard will be there, transforming his dreams into reality. - Véronique Hyland  His name is Charlie Siem, and that violin is not a mere prop.The 32-year-old has been playing for nearly three decades and has performed alongsideLady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, and theWho. (His current instrument isa Guarneri from 1735.) Siem has been, as he puts it, “adoptedby the fashion world,” after Lagerfeld plucked him from symphonic obscurity to appear in his Little Black Jacket series.The two men bonded over a love of classical music and sharp dressing. “I remember sitting with Karl once at the Café de Flore in Paris. He said, ‘You and I are the only people wearing ties.’ ” Though their friendship has afforded Siem a seat at Chanel shows, his next stop is far from the fashion capitals: He’ll be heading to Kazakhstan this month for a concert. This article originally appeared in the November 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Whisky and razors included. This holiday season, find a gift for your favorite guy that no one else has. Personalizing something makes it extra special—and proves that you've actually planned ahead this year. Whether you're shopping for a husband, boyfriend, brother, or dad, these one-of-a-kind finds are pieces they'll want to show off. Keep reading to see customized arm candy, a regally monogrammed whisky bag, and more.  There's no time like the holidays to replenish his bar, and you can’t go wrong with a good bottle of a rare whisky like Crown Royal XR Extra Rare. Made at the now ghost LaSalle Distillery, the final bottles Crown Royal XR Extra Rare will soon be gone forever. The liquid contains notes of Canadian Rye, raisins, and brown sugar to name a few. Embroider the iconic bag for a thoughtful, unexpected, personalized touch. Crown Royal XR Extra Rare FIND A RETAILER Please Drink Responsibly. CROWN ROYAL XR Blended Canadian Whisky. 40% Alc/Vol. The Crown Royal Company, Norwalk, CT He'll never lose his ball again. Keep it classic with his name or initials—or go cheeky and paste in your favorite selfie.  Titleist Custom Golf Balls, prices vary DESIGN YOUR OWN Whether heading to the gym or a weekend away, a stylish and durable bag that fits everything he needs is invaluable. Add his name or monogram to have it stand out from the rest. LL Bean Heritage Waxed-Canvas Duffle, $159 SHOP NOW Make his bedside table a little more sophisticated (and a lot more organized) with this personalized wooden tray that's the ideal holding spot for everything from his iPhone to cufflinks.  Mark & Graham Walnut Valet Tray, $49 SHOP NOW  Every time he looks at his wrist, he'll think of you. Engrave the back so you're in his heart when he takes it off, too.  Fossil The Minimalist Three-Hand Amber Leather Watch, $115 SHOP NOW Upgrade his office look with a luxe leather briefcase that carries everything from papers to a laptop. Add a metallic monogram to the front flap to make it feel extra-special. Smythson Grosvenor Briefcase, $1,695 SHOP NOW  Turkish cotton and gauge yarns make for a cozy wrap with a luxurious feel, while an over-the-breast monogram says I definitely didn't pick this up yesterday. Buy two (so you can match him) and watch him role his eyes in adoration.  Williams Sonoma Solid Hydrocotton Robe, $90 SHOP NOW  
 Unlike most ELLE.com editors, I only own one jumpsuit. For years I was averse to the style, until I met the one: a pair from Karla Welch's sick collaboration with Levi's. They've since sold out (sorry guys), but my eyes have opened to all the other denim jumpsuits I've been missing out on. There's the OG overall, a blue jean boiler suit that belongs on my Insta-grid, and a style reminiscent of J.Lo's under-appreciated look from the early-aughts. Shop 15 jumpsuits you probably don't need, but will likely add to cart anyway, here.  The OG denim jumpsuit is the classic overall.  Karla Welch's enviable Levi's are all sold out, but this sleeveless version is a comparable buy.  Made by Ganni, the editor-loved brand nailed this classic style.  You're still Jenny from the block.   If you're looking for a more feminine statement number, turn to Ulla Johnson's romantic, indigo blue jumpsuit.  Subtly inspired by the '70s,  re-use this jumpsuit next halloween as 33.33% of the Charlie's Angels.  This budget buy belongs to H&M.  A zipped up version will make going to a bathroom a little easier.  Proof that denim jumpsuits can be sultry.  The fabric of this one is so soft you could sleep in it.  If flattering your figure is your M.O. try this style with an attached belt.  The leading brand in modern boiler suits is L.F. Markey, who cut her teeth as a designer at Burberry.  We like to think of this one as a 'sexy overall.'  The studded details on this style make it slightly different than the one you already own, meaning you absolutely need it.  If plain denim is too basic, there are wilder versions to explore. 
 When I get dressed in the morning it's not with the intention of soliciting compliments. Sure, it's nice when people appreciate the look, but for me it's not the end all be all. So imagine my surprise when what I thought was a regular shmegular gray cashmere crewneck sweater from the Gap turned heads all day long.  Why is it amazing? Which means it's warm without looking or feeling super bulky. It's also looks soft to the touch, which I think makes everyone around me want to snuggle up. Excuse all of the exclamation points but I think they're warranted in this case. Passersby assume it's expensive because cashmere often is, but this sweater clocks in at $101.  An important factor because I can style it with white jeans and boots for a casual day time outfit or with black trousers and pointy-toe pumps on dressier days.  Gap describes this sweater as having a straight silhouette with a relaxed fit. I usually buy my sweaters in a size medium, but I received a size small which turns out is perfect for a casual front tuck into the high-waist of my jeans.   So you can buy one for yourself and anyone else you feel like being extra generous to this holiday season. 
 It happened slowly, over many months, but I've become an "earrings girl." An earrings girl is always wearing big chunky statement earrings, or if she's wearing those delicate gold ones, she's wearing like five at a time. An earrings girl plans her outfits around her earrings. An earrings girl even cuts her hair into a lob to better show off her finds. It's me, the earrings girl, and I'm here to tell you where to get some earrings. For the woman going for maximum minimalism.  For the woman who's outgrown plain hoops. Like, really outgrown them. For the woman whose ears are but a pedestal on which to display elegant gold sculptures. For the woman with Rachel Comey taste, but a Mango budget. For the woman with Rachel Comey taste and a Rachel Comey budget. For the woman who wants a pop of color. For the woman who's ready to try the resin trend. For the woman who wishes she went to art school.
 Not every red dress has to scream va-va-voom. Sure, the color is a statement in and of itself, but that statement could also be "I want to be swathed like a baby in a cozy sweater dress." Whether you want to channel Minnie Mouse or Jessica Rabbit, in this guide there's a red dress for every mood. Shop our faves ahead.  A festive holiday party requires a dress with a bow.  A red so iconic it has its own Wikipedia page.   It's sweater dress season.  Can't you see Kate Middleton in this dress, made by one of her favorite brands.  You'll turn heads in this dress, and it'll be worth it since it's on sale.   Just one of the many classic dresses Brandon Maxwell makes. Layer a turtleneck under this flashy number to tone it down.  In case you're inspired by Dynasty, we suggest this statement number.  This also comes in yellow, which means you and your BFF can dress up as Cher and Dionne.  The adult way to dress up at Disneyland.  The real-life version of the dancing emoji.  This isn't exactly a dress you ca wear mid-Winter, but it's so good you'll still love it come spring.  A touch of pink is always welcome.   This guipure lace dress is fast becoming an icon.  We're 100 percent sure you could wear this to work and a formal event.  The subtle details along the bust gives this dress a '40s vibe.  It doesn't get more fun than a sequin mini in fire engine red.  This bohemian dress would work from winter to spring. 
   As a true believer, I've been through several stages of leggings love. From the classic nylon tricot and cotton jersey American Apparel leggings I stocked up on a decade ago to more recent acquisitions like these winning Spanx faux moto or velvet guys and a flashy-as-hell Ultracor indulgence, there isn't a pair I haven't loved. Every pair has its place. And that means I've amassed a rather large collection of these stretchy pants. Yesterday, I took three coats off my desk chair, and there was a pair of still-with-tags black leggings hanging off the seat back. What can I say? I love lycra! But if there's any One True Pair that makes me an utter evangelist, it's Girlfriend Collective's. The brand quickly rose to fame when it promised a free pair of leggings to anyone who subscribed to their mailing list; it was a gutsy ploy to earn consumer trust in a relatively high-priced item. (The range now also includes tops and bras.) Being a lover of free things, I immediately subscribed, and it was one of the smarter things I've done in my shopping life. Here's why they're amazing: Hugging everything in and they make you feel as sleek as a seal.  They don't pill, and while it seems like they're stiff, you forget about them completely once they're on.  The cut and seams are simple and organic, and the color range is supremely chic. At $68 a pair, they're an investment—albeit a good one, considering the pair I got a couple of years ago have never let me down. But right now, there's a buy-one-get-one-free deal on the classic-rise style for Cyber Week (which I didn't know was a thing, but I'm all for it). That shakes out to $34 a pair while stocks last, which is a very reasonable price for love. Sizes are already selling out, so be quick. And you're welcome.
 Of all the sneakers Nike has produced in its storied history, it's a universal truth that the Air Force 1 is one of the brand's most important models. The iconic sneaker, which was the first sneaker to implement Nike Air technology, was introduced in 1982 and has since surged in popularity (and we have Nelly to thank, if we're being quite honest). Just look at the many iterations the original design spawned—Riccardo Tisci and Virgil Abloh already put their own spin on the shoe—or scroll through your social media feeds to see how the ageless, minimalist runner has quickly become a staple for celebs, influencers, and athletes alike.  The Nike Air Force 1 is no longer basketball's shoe anymore, it belongs to the culture (and no, I'm not talking about the Bella Hadids and Kylie Jenners of the world). To celebrate the cultural impact of the Nike Air Force One, you have to look to streets where the shoe's versatility is really put to the test by innovative, forward-thinking leaders in the communities. To honor these leaders, Nike joined forces with Girlgaze, a platform dedicated to providing job opportunities by directly connecting female creatives and talents with brand partners, to give photographers across North America the chance to tell the untold stories of heroes in different communities through their lens and how these heroes capture the essence of the Air Force 1. In the campaign, Los Angeles-based Girlgaze photographer Daria Kobayashi Ritch put the spotlight on 11-year-old Kheris Rogers, who was bullied growing up for her deep brown complexion. Her solution? #FlexinInHerComplexion, the clothing line Rogers launched after she shared a photo of her on Twitter with the hashtag and received over 30,000 retweets.  Nike recruited New York-based photographer Kava Gorna to honor Spiked Spin founder Briana Owens, who launched Spiked Spin, a weekly spin class in the heart of NYC, "in response to the lack of diversity within the boutique fitness industry."  Gorna also celebrated Mr. Whammy, longtime Brooklyn Nets superfan, who is seen in a black and white iteration of the shoe in the campaign to complement his black Brooklyn Nets jersey.  Other photographers behind the campaign include Heather Hazzan, Alice Liu and Emma Robinson, Alexa Viscius and Ashley Armitage, Thalia Gochez, who highlighted heroes in communities in Chicago, Los Angeles, Toronto, and New York.  "Whether in front of the camera or behind it, we are shedding light on unsung heroes in the community that are creating change to empower those around them," the brand explained. "They are all voices who understand that we are greater than the sum of our parts as we move forward all for 1."
 We get it: sometimes you have to gift friends you love...but wouldn't necessarily call when you find out your ex liked an Influencer's bikini pic and you're in the midst of a spiral. In other words, you're not willing to break the bank on her but still want to show her you care. Choose one from this list of 37 gifts under $20 for those friends on the periphery.  She still hasn't tried the new formula of Glossier's cult-favorite.  A wick trimmer is the next stage of candle snobbery.  A winter run requires (cute) ear coverage.   Basic black gloves are not her style.  Cozy sweaters and holding a cup of tea with two hands is her vibe.  This game will cause less strife than Monopoly.  Tea tastes better when the water takes two minutes to boil.  This bag of beans provides ten school meals to children in need.  Cracking open a cold one is so much chicer with this.  You're not close enough to buy a Le Labo candle, so this lip balm will do.   This super-hydrating formula is a great starter product for those who still haven't introduced oil into their skincare routine. It's made with 100% squalene oil, which your body produces naturally.  What's more festive than fair isle socks in forest green.   An easy-to-pack collapsible bottle is a game changer.  For frisbee golf enthusiasts.  What's the point of running if you can't listen to "Thank You, Next" on repeat?   One can never have too many portable chargers.  She's still unsure about fanny packs, but this gift will change her tune.  A clear makeup case will encourage her to regularly clean it.  Place these earrings in a velvet jewelry bag and she'll assume you bought them at Net-A-Porter.  The OG Huji app.  Everyone loves a good light sign. Forgive me, this book is in every gift guide for the rest of time.  A travel kit this good will be used at home, too.  Gift this with all the ingredients needed to make a Moscow Mule.  Burning Palo Santo wood is the new Diptyque.   You can pretend you picked this up at a French pharmacy.  Reapplying lipstick is so much more fun with a compact. Add an unexpected ornament to her Christmas tree. Expect them to invite you over for a face mask Sunday.  This makes a great stocking stuffer. 
 I worry about everything else in my life—except this. First, there was the Romance Was Born silk sheath, printed with fantastical jeweled animals in electric shades. Then there was the sheer red Lover mini, sleeveless and prettily ruffled. A Willow silk halterneck with a black-and-white bird motif that I wore to every wedding. The hectic multi-print Kenzo x H&M frock, whose voluminous skirt hid a non-functioning security tag a forgetful sales associate forgot to remove. Every year for my birthday, I buy myself a dress. Not that I don't acquire slips and shifts any other time of year—I'd be lost without one-step outfits. But the Birthday Dress is a different affair. It's not for work. It doesn't have to justify itself with a strict cost-per-wear ratio. Practicality can take a hike when it comes to this dress. It's the garment I indulge my most frivolous tendencies for; I worry about everything else in my life, except this.   Rewards for getting older, if you're mindful and privileged and healthy and lucky, are numerous: You still get to traverse this unlikely earth, experiencing and doing, going forward to new things (or the ones you love so much you don't mind repeating them). I love receiving birthday wishes from friends and family, and gathering people together for my birthday week (which has, admittedly, sometimes spanned two weeks—both the week before your birthday and the week after your birthday count, that's the law). I also like a little quiet time as I venture further into the calendar of me. Occasionally I'll take a trip by myself or settle in to an early seat at the bar solo. Sometimes I'm reflective; other times, I'm just thrilled to do whatever the fuck I want without having to think about someone else. But the ritual I love the most about this milestone rolling around is getting the Birthday Dress.  My bank balance aside, there's no restriction on what this dress should be. Depending on the trends that are populating stores that season, it might be full-length or a mini; it might have long sleeves, or none at all. In Australia, where I'm from, I'm a summer baby, whereas in the Northern Hemisphere my birthday heralds the beginning of winter, so there's no uniformity there, either. Printed or solid, shine-infused or stoically matte, dark or neon bright, it doesn't matter. I get to follow my fancy down any dress-shaped rabbit hole I want.  Past Birthday Dresses have tended towards the party aisle. I'm celebrating, after all, but that's not a must. The rules are: I have to love it; I have to fall in love with it; I have to buy it before my birthday (a couple of months early is okay too); I don't have to wear it on my birthday; I never have to wear it again, or ever, if I don't want to (to this day, 2017's Tibi Plissé tent dress remains as pristinely white as it was when it arrived in its Bergdorf's box a year ago). Once, it wasn't even a dress—it was a black Rachel Comey silk set, top and pants, printed all over with poodles.  I don't want to tell you how to live your life, but I will say this is one of my favorite things I do for myself. No matter how good or difficult my year has been, no matter how long it's felt since I picked out the last one, the Birthday Dress is its own bright spot. Regular life rules don't apply. If it's cold out, but you're craving the sweet sensuality of lace, that's your prerogative. A habitual preference for items you can throw in the washing machine can be set aside, just once, for a Dry Clean Only situation. So what if it looks like a wedding dress? That's nobody's business. And if it's a look that's so of its time, that will tellingly age as another year ticks by? Well, that's normal. Everything—and everyone—does.
 To know me is to understand that the way I shop is about statement buys. I love bags in bold colors, long skirts that sweep the ground, and have a small collection of crowns headbands. So shopping for basics—black pants, white t-shirts, simple sweaters—really brings me down to earth in a way I try to avoid. It literally took the risk of indecent exposure to bring my favorite black pants into my life.  Like, a rip rip. The leather pants I'd put on that morning as part of an interview outfit had decided "No more!" As I gingerly inspected the damage, I realized that directly on the seat of my pants—and thankfully covered by my jacket—I had a tear that just wasn't okay.  Because I'd miss the train and my interview if I ran home to change, I had to board safe in the knowledge of the truism all super shoppers know: If you ever need something,  you can just buy it. I went directly to LOFT in the city because I knew it would have a basic, easy pair of pants that I wouldn't pay through the nose for. I needed to quickly make a purchase without worrying over whether I'd really end up loving a pair of $200 pants. As one of its most popular styles, the "Julie" was on display and exactly what I needed (in this case, something that would work with the rest of my outfit). Chalk it up to the stretch in the fabric or the crop that falls right above my ankle bone, but people can't get enough of these pants. I work in an industry, and an office, that's populated by sample-sale steals, vintage finds, and saved-up-for classics, so something's gotta be good to catch attention. My emergency pants have cemented their spot in my closet thanks to how comfortable they are (like leggings!) and their ability to be worn twice without stretching out (no baggy butts!). I wear them most often with casual blouses or tees, but they'd fit into a more corporate wardrobe easily too. Shoe-wise, they're easily adaptable: The perfect crop is beautiful with heels, sock booties, or sneakers. Essentially, they're the jack-of-all-trades pant every woman I've ever known has searched for. Let my brush with indecency benefit you.
 Just saying! Hi, hello—just thought I'd share some important news with you: A pair of very polished and sophisicated pumps that Meghan Markle wears all the time are on a MAJOR SALE for Cyber Monday at Saks RIGHT. NOW.  Remember these? Aren't they amazing? Now they can be yours for a less expensive price than they usually are (they typically retail for $750 and now they're going for $450—that's 40 percent off, which is practically a steal). If you needed proof that Meghan's all about these babies, here's a photo of her wearing them in February 2018. Doesn't she make them look good?  Anyway, they're selling out fast, because, duh, they're cute, and this is a really good deal, so get to steppin' if they suit your fancy!  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 There's a scientific connection between turkey leftovers and hitting the "Add to Cart" button, it's been proven. That's our story and we're sticking to it! At any rate, retailers are crowding our inboxes and Instagram ads with very friendly deals, and it's been pretty persuasive for us so far. Here's what ELLE.com editors are eyeing this Cyber Monday.  I spent a snowy weekend upstate after Thanksgiving, and not one, or two, but three people were wearing Blundstones to get around on the slippery ice. Not only was I ashamed, because as an Aussie this outdoor boot brand is as familiar to me as breathing, but I was very jealous. Blundstone only has one sale during the year, and it's happening right now—15 percent off everything. —Estelle Tang, Senior Editor As soon as NYC had its first cold front I went crazy, redecorating and getting my apartment peak cozy. I bought art, pillows, and a floor lamp, and I also want to add this table lamp to the mix. It’s nice and streamlined and won’t take up much space in my small bedroom. —Nikki Ogunnaike, Style Director 'Tis the season. —Chloe Hall, Writer and Producer An extra 10 percent off this already on sale blouse! —Estelle Tang, Senior Editor I've had my eye on this Kate Spade wallet for a while now, and since it's 30 percent off, I will probably pull the plug. There are very specific features I want in a wallet, and this one literally has them ALL: I'm able to grab my subway card without opening said wallet, there's a built-in keychain, and a separate section for change. I'm also a fan of getting wallets in bold colors so you can easily find them in your purse, so that heirloom red is perfect. —Madison Feller, Staff Writer If money were no object and this blazer was available in my size I’d also buy this. The faux fur sleeves are glamorous, kooky, and even a bit utilitarian, adding a warm touch to the standard plaid blazer. –Nikki Ogunnaike, Style Director I've been thinking about buying one of Doen's perfect tees with its flattering scooped out neckline for a while but the price ($78) always seemed excessive. The brand rarely does sales, so at 25 percent off, it seems like a steal? I know this is delusional. It's still wildly expensive for a t-shirt. But that's the Black Friday mania for ya. —Leah Chernikoff, Executive Director I've also had my eye on Outdoor Voices' crop workout tops for forever because they seem perfect for a yoga or boxing class, where TBH I'd usually just wear a sports bra anyway. And now it's 20 percent off on top of sale! —Madison Feller, Staff Writer The fancy Nespresso machine is $100 off at Bed Bath and Beyond, so I've finally convinced myself to buy it by saying it will "save me money at Starbucks." (We'll see about that!!) —Jessica Roy, Deputy Editor This may be the only day of the year I can afford Kate Spade flats without them putting a major dent into my bank account. With the site’s bonus 40 percent off sale, these shoes drop below $80. I basically live in flats (when I’m not wearing snow boots) and wear navy all the time, so this is the perfect girly statement pair to complement all my office winter attire. —Alyssa Bailey, News Editor Heattech is the best way to survive the winter, and so much of it is on sale. Have you also lost your Heattech tights? Now's a good time to buy some new ones. I like this top because I would wear it by itself or as a layer. I'm really into a giant scoop neck right now! —Leah Chernikoff, Executive Director Roundabout Theater, prices vary SHOP On Cyber Monday I always like to take advantage of ticket sales at regional theaters, which guarantee me enjoyment for months on end at a steep discount. Check out theaters in your region, like Washington's Woolly Mammoth, Nashville Rep, Baltimore Center Stage, and Philadelphia Theater Company, as well as New York's own Roundabout, all of which are having huge sales today. —R. Eric Thomas, Senior Staff Writer I’m not one to fall for the hype, especially when it comes to skincare products. But after seeing Twitter flood with clear-faced, glowing beauties praising Ayele + Co.’s (formerly Bahi Cosmetics) Sunflower Sweets Serum, I just had to purchase one. The serum is lightweight, smells delicious, and has helped to control my acne-prone skin. So of course, now that Cyber Monday has rolled around and the brand is offering 20 percent off, ya girl is stocking up. Dry, flaky skin has finally met its match. —Nerisha Penrose, Assistant Editor With $50 off every $200 at Saks Fifth Avenue, I'm indulging my desire to get as hygge as possible with the cushiest-looking jacket I can find. —Estelle Tang, Senior Editor
 Brunello Cucinelli's father once gave him some blunt advice: There’s no point in being the richest man in the graveyard. In September, Cucinelli repeated that anecdote while speaking to a crowd of 500 journalists at the culmination of his latest philanthropic project—the restoration of the twelfth-century town of Solomeo. About two and a half hours north of Rome, the hilltop hamlet has sentimental significance: It’s where his wife grew up, and Cucinelli himself was born not far away. But it also represents the designer’s preoccupation with a vanishing Italy, where the old ways of life persist, undisturbed by digital incursions.  Cucinelli is hardly the only Italian fashion name to take an interest in his country’s patrimony. Bulgari restored Rome’s Spanish Steps and Fendi its Trevi Fountain, while Only the Brave founder and chairman Renzo Rosso helped rehabilitate the Rialto Bridge in Venice, and Gucci donated toward the preservation of two screen treasures, La Dolce Vita and The Leopard. But Cucinelli’s project is not focused on a single monument. He’s aiming to revitalize the area as a whole—not just creating jobs in his Umbria-based company and the surrounding workshops throughout Italy, but elevating the spiritual life of the entire region.  The town serves as a microcosm of his ideal society. Since the mid-’80s, he’s made significant inroads, building a new theater and establishing a craft school. His most recent addition is a travertine monument “to human dignity” he built in the valley outside Solomeo, where he’s also torn down industrial buildings and replaced them with olive trees, orchards, and a winery. The designer calls the initiative “A Project for Beauty,” and it represents the commitment to giving back that defines him almost as much as his luxury cashmere wares do. “It’s ingrained in me,” he says. “Growing up in the countryside, we didn’t have very much, but we were concerned for people who had less than we did.” He dubs his ethos “humanistic capitalism”: Twenty percent of his profits go to philanthropic endeavors, and everyone who works for him benefits from a cafeteria offering a three-course meal, prepared with products from local farms (like Cucinelli’s olive oil), for just three euros.  Increasingly, the feel-good credentials of a fashion brand—look at Toms or Shinola—have become part of the appeal, a way to mark this pair of cloth slip-ons as morally superior to that pair. But does the person who snaps up, say, one of Cucinelli’s $3,725 cashmere hoodies care about his extracurricular pursuits? “I would hope that my customers appreciate it,” he says. “Everything that I purchase, from a cheese to a watch, I would like for it to be produced with respect to man, to the land, and also to animals.” Given the way fashion is headed—with its increased scrutiny of sustainability and the supply chain—perhaps Cucinelli’s approach will soon become the norm, not the exception. This article originally appeared in the December 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Glittering lures, pear-shaped bobbers, and diamond fishing lines make for a fully stocked tackle, er, jewelry box. This article originally appeared in the December 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Thanksgiving may be over, but thankfully the memories and the mashed potatoes are still with you. Today marks the beginning of the holiday season, loads of shopping, and reflection on 2018 and what's to come in the New Year...including those resolutions. But your fitness goals don't have to start with the new year. What greater day than Black Friday to stock up on the one thing you always need: Black leggings.   When it comes to picking clothes for intense workouts Nike is an ol' reliable. If it's good enough for the greatest athlete of all time, we're pretty sure they can handle your Tuesday night boxing class. And while we routinely invest in them at full price, a ton of basic Nike leggings are on sale up to 40 percent off at Net-A-Porter right now.  
 This solid pair of tights has it all: Dri-fit technology that wicks away moisture, a comfortable high rise, and compression fabric that won't hinder your downward dog.  These leggings are perfect for your advanced barre class and insane yoga headstands. They're stretchier than your average Nike leggings and can handle the craziest splits.  When it comes to HIIT workouts—high-intensity interval training—reach for a pair that has compression benefits like these. The snug fit will protect and support your muscles.  These leggings were built with running in mind. The stretch fabric is intended for quick movement, for marathoners and mortals alike.  Perfect for cold winter runs, these leggings will keep you warm with their thermal fabric. But don't sweat- they are still super breathable and will wick away any moisture.  These leggings don't have the advanced capabilities of Nike's more technology-driven pairs, but they look damn good. Wear them on your daily run... to the local coffee shop.  Unlike some brands I own, my three year old Nike leggings passed the true test in finding the best pair: they don't succumb to chub rub. Seriously, their quality is undeniable. Whether you're stepping into the gym for the first time or your burpees involve ungodly activations, there's a pair of leggings for you. Nike offers hyper-specific styles for every level of athletic pursuit, including ones designed for long-distance running, extra-stretchy material made for yoga, and compression gear that can support your muscles mid-squat.    Might go down as G.O.D.(S.O)⚡️✨ Fit to fly today with the @cliniquenz crew! Your turn 🔥💥 #CliniqueFit #ohmygodso #NZ A post shared by  KIRSTY GODSO (@kirstygodso) on Jan 24, 2018 at 6:19pm PST   💪🏾👸🏾✨ @naomi  Early Sunday work never easy but it gets done  Hanging Ab Raisers focused on controlling movement  Post Hip Opener, Back Leg Elevated Split Squat with Front Load Sand Bag to solidify control through new found range w/anterior core control  Save this and to your arsenal. Tools don’t need to be complicated, just used correctly 💥 #Ochosystem #NikeTraining A post shared by  Joe Holder (@ochosystem) on Aug 26, 2018 at 2:10pm PDT Prep for New Year's resolutions and add a few to your cart at Net-A-Porter's notorious sale (and maybe throw in a Prada bag while you're at it ) before they sell out. 
 *hides behind oversized sunglasses*  Thanksgiving weekend is here. It's time to eat copious amounts of home cooked food...and try as hard as possible to avoid everyone else back in town. Between family outings to the movies and last-minute runs to the supermarket, awkward encounters with people from your past life are all but  inevitable. These holiday run-ins are much worse when you're wearing a 2-day old topknot, high school soccer team hoodie, and flannel pajama pants. Do yourself a favor and come prepared—we've got you covered with five outfit ideas, ahead. Your mom sent you out to get some last-minute additions for the Thanksgiving table and, wait a minute, is that? No. YES, it is: Your high school boyfriend of two years right there in aisle 12. Whether you choose to stop and cringe-chat or reduce your interaction to a "Thank U, Next" head nod, you'll be grateful you wore a just-in-case outfit. Focus on tried-and-true wardrobe classics that fit your figure really well and are comfortable but subtly sexy. Autumn Cashmere Off-the-Shoulder Ribbed Merino Wool-Blend Sweater, $98; theoutnet.com SHOP NOW Everlane The Cheeky Straight Jean, $68; everlane.com SHOP NOW Acne Studios Crossbody Mini Leather Shoulder Bag, $420; net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Nike Blazker Low LE, $57; nike.com SHOP NOW A craving for cold brew is not an occasion to try by any means. But you can throw on some items that look good and are as comfy as the flannel pajama pants you initially planned to wear. Oversized sunglasses and a baseball cap can help you avoid any immediate recognition, while a leather jacket will help you seem less of a hot mess when you are noticed. Bonus: The jacket is so good it doesn't matter what's underneath Heck, it could even be nothing because you were that lazy.  Topshop Leather Biker Jacket, $295; topshop.com SHOP NOW Kitsch Baseball Hat, $18; mykitsch.com SHOP NOW Vuori Performance Joggers, $84; nordstrom.com SHOP NOW APL Techloom Phantom Sneakers, $165; shopbop.com SHOP NOW Sunday Somewhere Sophiya Sunglasses, $270; sundaysomewhere.com SHOP NOW Leave the undetectable AirPods at home—you want headphones that very clearly communicate "do not talk to me." That being said, it doesn't hurt to look good. Bring on the color coordinated athleisure just in case you make a "You guys, you'll never guess who I ran into!!!" guest appearance on the Instagram story of someone whose name you forgot. Ultracor Altitude Botanical Top, $80; six02.com SHOP NOW Reebok Crop Hoodie, $39; nordstrom.com SHOP NOW Nike Rose Gold Metallic Air Leggings, $50; six02.com SHOP NOW Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones, $240; walmart.com SHOP NOW New Balance Fresh Foam Cruz v2 Nubuck, $60; newbalance.com SHOP NOW You don't want to be the only person fully dressed in jeans while everyone else is in their pajamas, but you're not familiar enough to walk out in the ratty "home clothes" you usually sleep in (nor the sexy silk PJs you like too). Instead, enjoy those pancakes in a matching sweat set, like this cranberry-colored velvet one. Oh, and for the record: Wear a bra. It could be a comfy one! Lively Geo Lace Bralette, $35; wearlively.com SHOP NOW Hunkemoller Velour Lace Up Loungewear Hoodie & Joggers Set, $68; asos.com SHOP NOW Free People Haven Cozy Crew Socks. $14; shopbop.com SHOP NOW If you need a drink at some point during Thanksgiving weekend, you may find yourself in the middle of an unofficial high school reunion at the local bar. Opt for sleek basics with an edge and accessories that say, "I'm doing juuuuust fine, thank you very much." Uniqlo Crewneck Shortsleeve T-Shirt, $10; uniqlo.com SHOP NOW The Kooples Franky Faux Leather Pants, $195; saks.com SHOP NOW Stuart Weitzman The Huxley 85 Bootie, $575; stuartweitzman.com SHOP NOW Gucci Dionysus Mini Printed Shoulder Bag, $1,690; net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Aurate New York Connection Earrings, $200; auratenewyork.com SHOP NOW
 Dressing to the nines is not exactly a Thanksgiving Day priority, but that doesn't mean you should default to overstretched leggings and a baggy T-shirt you found in your parents' garage. Accommodate your growing food baby without sacrificing style by wearing wrap dresses in dizzy prints, cozy oversized sweaters, and other pieces that let you eat as much as you want. Read on five outfits to try this Thanksgiving.  A wrap dress is God's given gift to eating, allowing you to adjust the waist post-dinner. One in a busy print will trick the eye.  Diane Von Furstenberg Tilly Wrap Dress, $282; net-a-porter.com A.P.C. Greta Trench, $690; apc-us.com Ba&sh Carrie Boots, $550; ba-sh.com Mango Flap Chain Bag, $30; mango.com If you're dead set on wearing sweatpants, skip the ones you found at your parents' house and opt for an elevated pair like these from Tory Sport. Counter your seemingly lazy choice of elasticated pants with gold jewelry and a prim turtleneck.  Zara Ribbed Sweater, $36; zara.com Tory Sport Track Pants, $178; toryburch.com Topshop Cookie Lace Up Trainers, $40; topshop.com Gorjana Quinn Ring Set, $65; shopbop.com Dinosaur Designs Liquid Chain Gold-Plated Bracelet, $650; net-a-porter.com A slip dress might seem clingy and form fitting, but an oversized sweater on top is deceptively comfy. Your mom will think you're being festive in red, but the allover color hides the fact that you're smuggling an entire pumpkin pie in your stomach.  J.Crew Collection Mixed Satin-Crepe Slip Dress, $198; jcrew.com Wilfred Montpellier Sweater, $168; aritzia.com Asos Design Elm Chunky Lace Up Boots, $64; asos.com Tory Burch Gigi Touchscreen Smartwatch, $395; toryburch.com Tight jeans are a no-go on Turkey day, but leggings that masquerade as nice pants do exist. Style them with a prim, but extra-long shirt for added coverage. Compliments from your aunt comparing you to Audrey Hepburn will immediately follow.  Everlane The Clean Silk Charmeuse Oversized Shirt, $130; everlane.com H&M Treggings, $13; hm.com M.Gemi The Parma, $171; mgemi.com Brixton Wool Felt Beret, $48; nordstrom.com Missoma Lucy Williams Caesaer Coin Neckalce, $162; missoma.com A relaxed-fit jumpsuit for Thanksgiving is OK, and one in velvet aubergine? Well, you're dressed up to dine with the queen. Accessorize it with plush slippers and you're the epitome of cozy chic.  Madewell Velveteen Slim Coverall Jumpsuit, $158; madewell.com A New Day Jen Mules, $25; target.com Chloé Faye Shoulder Bag, $2,220; net-a-porter.com
 I think it's time for another denim cleanse.  Around this time last year, I gave up jeans for 10 days. TL;DR: I was sick of wearing the same three pairs every week and, frankly, was in a bit of an outfit rut. So I posted an Instagram that I'd be giving up jeans until further notice and lasted for just over a week. At the time, I thought that would be all I needed to break by lazy denim habit, but old habits die hard and soon I found myself reaching for the same pair of jeans once again. Well surprise, surprise, it's 2018 and I'm feeling very over denim again. I've also got a serious case of the shoppies as sale season starts and have found a ton of amazing options at various prices.   under $175   At under $175, I found options that will work at the office, on vacation, and even at a holiday party or two. 
 Seeing spots, but in the best way possible.  Get the matching blazer for a saccharine sweet suit.  There's something kind of amazing about printed pants during the holiday season.  Your go-to work pants, found.  Corduroy is officially back in style.  For your December warm-weather getaway.  Wear these with white sneakers during the summer and boots during the winter.  An unexpected waistband adds a fashionable touch.   under $350 At under $350, the options are the best: pairs that will remind you of a high school uniform, sharp trousers in winter white, plus those trendy stirrup pants every cool girl was wearing earlier this year. 
 Your high school uniform with a downtown edge. Layer long underwear under these and you can wear them all winter long.   When you're tired of black and navy trousers try a bold Kelly green.   Grab these when you have a holiday party to attend and it's 10 degrees outside.   A personal favorite I plan on wearing at least once a week.  Saturday and Sunday errand-running pants.   Winter white done right.  For when you have to get dressed but really don't want to.    under $500 At under $500, I found designer options that rarely go on sale: Victoria Beckham, Duro Olowu, Marc Jacobs and more. Wear-anywhere khakis that are anything but basic.   Your work trousers with a twist.  Sailor, but make it fashion.  You'll have these forever.   Power executive personified.  If only these came in every color possible.  Wear these with heels or sneakers.  Reach for these on especially dreary winter days.  
 Reminiscent of a ‘70s hot rod, Pierpaolo Piccioli’s python-flamed, Rockstudded top-handle speeds into the resort season in a blaze of glory. Leather handbag, Valentino Garavani, $3,295, at Valentino boutiques nationwide.  Few designers can fashion an It Shoe quite like Aquazzura’s Edgardo Osorio (Meghan Markle is a fan). His regal, crystal-studded marvel makes an official appearance just in time for the festive season. Crystal-embellished satin pump, Aquazzura, $1,495, aquazzura.com.   For Hermès’s latest high jewelry collection, Enchaînements Libres, Pierre Hardy exaggerated the proportions of the house’s signature equestrian hardware to sculptural effect. The Adage necklace, with its oversize pavé links, ups the ante on a classic gold chain. Diamond and white and rose gold choker, Hermès, hermes.com. This article originally appeared in the December 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Now in its eighth iteration, the H&M Conscious Exclusive Collection is constantly expanding the boundaries of the Swedish giant’s sustainable efforts. Receive 15 per- cent off the recycled cashmere or polyester velvet pieces from the fall collection, or 10 percent at sister brand &Other Stories, in-store, by donating a grocery-size bag of unwanted clothing from any manufacturer. The retailer is zeroing in on its 2018 goal to divert 3 million pounds of textiles from the trash. As of September, H&M was just 500,000 pounds short of that number. For over 30 years, Eileen Fisher has been committed to honing her sustainable business practices, whether that means company-funded acupuncture for employees or turning old garments into wall art. For brand devotees, the designer’s Renew pro-gram offers customers a $5 credit for each donated Eileen Fisher item. Depending on condition, your preowned goods could be resold or wind up overdyed, deconstructed, and back in next season’s lineup.. Former PR and marketing exec Jennifer Mann Hillman and her former costume de-signer and stylist pal Lisa Eisler, cofounders of the site LuxAnthropy, have taken brilliant advantage of the online resale boom—with a philanthropic twist. Simply mail in your preloved Louboutins and other high-end items (home pickup is offered to L.A. residents), and the duo will post them for sale.Then select from among more than 15 partnered charities to donate a percentage of the60 percent you receive from the final sale. LuxAnthropy will, in turn, donate 5 percent of its 40 percent profit. A Gucci bag that model Cheryl Tiegs recently sold for $249 will provide over 40 meals to individuals impacted by serious illness in the Los Angeles area through Project Angel Food. This article originally appeared in the December 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Victoria's Secret has long been known for its assortment of lace bras, panties and racy lingerie, as well as its annual Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. But this year, comments made by Ed Razek, L Brands' chief marketing officer, left many people miffed. While the cultural shift towards diversity in the fashion industry has resulted in campaigns that celebrate all different types of women, Razek said he doesn't think the Victoria's Secret show "can be all things to all customers."  "It is a specialty business; it isn’t a department store," he said. "I’m always asking myself: If we do that, what is the reason we did it? Why did we include that person? And did we include them to shut up a reporter? Did we include them because it was the right thing to do or because it was the politically correct thing to do?" He even name-dropped ThirdLove, a popular lingerie company that offers a variety of bra sizes, including half-sizes for those who fall in-between standard measurements. Recognizing a perfect marketing opportunity when she sees one, ThirdLove founder's Heidi Zak took out a full page in the New York Times to express her disappointment and assure women everywhere that if Victoria's Secret doesn't see them, ThirdLove does. You market to men and sell a male fantasy to women. But at ThirdLove, we think beyond, as you said, a “42-minute entertainment special.” Your show may be a “fantasy” but we live in reality. Our reality is that women wear bras in real life as they go to work, breastfeed their children, play sports, care for ailing parents, and serve their country. Let the battle of the bras begin! 
 Sure, a turkey and some mistletoe help to make the Christmas season bright—but what about an assortment of neon holiday-themed merchandise from Beyonce? That's right, just in time for the holiday season, Queen B is releasing her yearly collection of hoodies and t-shirts perfect for the Yoncé stan in your circle.  Forget the time-honored tradition of trading sweet treats and other small knick-knacks for Christmas and instead give the gift of Beyoncé's flawless face plastered on a black (or neon yellow) short-sleeved t-shirt. Or if cozy loungewear is more your jam, try a bright lime green hoodie with "HolidaYoncé" emblazoned on the front that you can easily slip into as Destiny's Child's 8 Days of Christmas blares through your speakers. The collection includes 10 new items—think sweatshirts, tees and pins— all with imagery from the Apes**t music video to “Beychella” motifs.   If you're an active member of the Bee Hive and need yet another piece of Beyoncé merch to add to your collection, head over to Beyonce's official shop to stock up. The collection is much more pared down than festive collection she unveiled last Christmas season (which included a Yoncé onesie, "Best Revenge Is Your Paper" wrapping paper, hoodies and sweatshirts with funny sayings like "Have a Thicc Holiday" inscribed on the front) but you'll love it just the same. Prices range from $75 for a HOLIDAYONCÉ crewneck sweatshirt  to $10 for Homecoming wrapping paper so no matter your budget you'll be able to add a bit more Bey to your life. 
 Created by artists Jean-Michel Othoniel.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. This week Chanel re-opened its NYC flagship store after years of construction. The now 14,000 square-foot boutique at 57th St. and 5th Ave. is four floors of a Chanel lover's dream, full of ready-to-wear, handbags, shoes, jewelry, and fragrance and beauty.  And while that's all impressive, the most dramatic part of the boutique is without a doubt the 60-foot tall pearl necklace sculpture artist Jean-Michel Othoniel created for the new flagship location.   Swirling down the center of the four-story central staircase, the sculpture, crafted in mirrored stainless steel and gilded glass beads, is a nod to the pearl necklaces Mademoiselle Chanel so often wore.  "We had to imagine a piece in relation to this scale and come up with a game between the use and the scenography of the boutique, playing with the notion of American supersize," Jean-Michel Othoniel said in an interview about the how the piece came together.   "I thought of two enormous glass beaded necklaces that form big bows in the space and thus fill the stair case. Positioned at the center of the building, the work is composed of a hundred spheres blown by hand, then rolled in white gold leaf and mirrored to double the presence of this leaf. Ranging in sizes, some of them are as big as 18 cm in diameter."  According to Othoniel, the preparation to create the piece alone took a year and a half. Watch it come together in the clip above. 
 We'll defend a pair of Ugg snow boots to the end of time, but some days we don't want to stash galoshes under our desks. So what do we do? FInd a pair of shoes that can do both—stand the weather and look sleek and stylish while doing so. Brands like Aquatalia and La Canadienne specialize in weatherproof footwear discreetly designed as normal boots, except they can handle a slushy commute without sacrificing style. Here, 24 surprisingly chic options to wear this winter.  You'd never guess this perfect ankle boot was waterproof.  For those who won't give up their OTK life.  This faux fur-trimmed boot is water resistant.  This water-resistant Chelsea boot can handle a few inches of snow, but we wouldn't recommend wearing them during a heavy storm.   The shearling upper can be flipped up to wear over the knee.  Studs and buckles elevate the snow boot.  A classic Chelsea boot but with a waterproof bottom.  The fuzzy lining of this boot will keep you warm during the worst storm.  Fun fact: our Style Director owns these boots, thereby convincing our entire staff to get them too.  This wedge boot was made for snowy, Insta-moments.  A hiking boot with a little height never hurt anyone.   These iconic boots are the inspiration behind the '70s hiking boot trend.  The faux fur detail makes this boot.  Just when you thought kitten heels and snow didn't belong together.  A lugged sole like this is perfect for sludge.  Classic Ugg boots don't fare well in wet weather, but these all-weather picks will do just fine.  You'll wear this classic knee-high all winter long.  While this boot looks like your classic DM boot, this style has the added benefit of wet-free socks.  This boot is so good you'll wear this when it's not snowing, too.  Timberlands are a classic a winter boot.  La Canadienne is my personal choice when it comes to winter boots with magical, snow-proof wearability. This moto bot will go great with a puffer jacket.  This combat boot will fool everything this season. 
 "I was really shocked that he proposed.”  Do you remember what topped your holiday wish list in the early 2000s? If you’re Zoë Kravitz or a fellow ‘90s baby, chances are it was the iconic Tiffany’s charm bracelet. “It was a big thing at my school,” explains Kravitz. She says "her dad"—my mind says Lenny Kravitz—gave it to the actress after she asked and reasoned she needed it the way all teens do: “everyone else at school had it.”  Fast forward to today and that same bracelet might just top your list this year, as Kravitz wears a similar style in the latest Tiffany & Co. Holiday campaign video. Not only does the singer and actress breathe new life into the iconic jewelry by loading the bracelet with charms, but she pairs it with bejeweled diamond rings, a gold key earring, and a sparkly choker. In the video, she plays a modern-day Alice in Wonderland, who  stumbles down a rabbit hole in a Tiffany's store to discover the likes of Maye Musk, Xiao Wen Ju, and Naomi Campbell.  In a way, Kravitz is not totally unlike the fairy tale character Alice. Recently she’s moving through different worlds—from music to movies to TV—meeting Fantastic Beasts along the way, and being surprised at every turn.  Her latest? A vintage engagement ring from her boyfriend of two years Karl Glusman.“It’s been a ring I’ve been admiring for quite a while and a friend had given him the hint,” says Kravitz. “I had no idea he would or even knew about the ring. I was really shocked that he proposed and he had the ring I’ve been kind of fantasizing about.”    ♥️ 💍 ♥️ A post shared by  Zoë Kravitz (@zoeisabellakravitz) on Nov 12, 2018 at 7:20am PST  Watch the full holiday campaign video above and stop by the Tiffany New York flagship store between  November 16, 2018 to January 1, 2019 to see an actual workshop that will house  jewelers, stone setters and engravers. 
 Avoiding terrible relatives! Dealing with boyfriend questions and Black Friday meltdowns! She's got the fix, plus some sweet boots. It was, as they say, very Hollywood: a postmodern mansion with gardenias in the pool, a celebrity chef making paleo-friendly dessert, and the tell-tale “Hi guys!” that Insta-stars chirp to their followers just before a big event. In this case, the event was BCBGMAXAZRIA’s Friendsgiving, hosted by Olivia Culpo and starring several pairs of thigh-high boots that threatened to upstage the turkey. (It was free-range, golden brown, and prepared by LA food maven Claire Thomas, so don’t feel too bad.)  Behind the kitchen counter, women of a certain influence (including Marianna Hewitt, Lauren Gores, Paola Alberdi, and Melissa Alatorre—with about 2 million followers among them) chatted, sipped wine, and packed boxes (and boxes, and boxes, and boxes) of gourmet Thanksgiving meals. They were going to Meals on Wheels; another donation of money was being sent to Palisades Fire Department as they continue to battle the California wildfires. “I love that everyone can do this,” said Alatorre. “You get your friends together—you’d be together anyway!—and you make the decision to also cook for people, or prepare things for people who need them. Why wouldn’t you take that extra step to do it?” “People often assume when women in our field get together, there’s competition or bitchiness,” added Culpo. “But it’s actually the opposite. We all want to support each other, and we’re all interested in helping out when we can. Friendsgiving is an opportunity to do both.” It was also an opportunity to speak with Culpo about her upcoming projects, including 2 movies for 2019, continued work on her restaurant Back Forty, and—maybe—giving the pageant industry a much-needed kick in the Spanx. One, don’t be afraid of equipment. Last year, we used an industrial-sized mixer to get things done quickly. You’ve never seen more mashed potatoes. And two, more is more. You have to make sure there is plenty of food, and lots of different types of food. Don’t stress about activity planning or family dynamics—just cook, and make sure everyone has something they can eat and drink. If you don’t like leftovers, you can always send people home with them afterwards. Exactly. I’m more of a phone shopper. I’m really glad you can buy BCBG on mobile, because it’s like, “Oh, do I need that sweater? There’s an app for that.” Listen, this is what you do: Look up suddenly and say, “Oh my god, I totally forgot! My mom told me to watch something in the oven, I’ll be right back! Oh my god, I have to go right now! She’s going to kill me!” Always blame it on the oven. Something’s burning in the oven. Then just get up and get out of there. My family dynamic has stayed pretty much the same, but sometimes people come over who I don’t know at all—friends of the family that I’ve just never met, or someone’s in-laws or something—and they get a little too interested in who my date for Thanksgiving might be. They’re like, “Who’s Olivia bringing to Thanksgiving this year?” It’s a little weird. All the time. They’re not social media stalkers, but my mom is definitely on top of her Google alerts. But I’m lucky—they don’t freak out when they see [bad gossip]. They give me the benefit of the doubt and they always have my back. That’s what family is for.  There’s a mentality out there that if somebody gets a job you don’t get, that’s it, you’re done. You’ve got to get rid of that idea early. There will always be another opportunity provided by the universe. Your job is to do the work and be the best you can be at what you do. I think the ugliest things you can be are jealous and petty. And the truth is, people can sense those traits and nobody wants to be around them, or to follow spiteful people. If you want to be successful, the way to get there is to work hard and be supportive of one another.   @bcbgmaxazria Friendsgiving! Prepping meals for @mealsonwheelsamerica with my love @marianna_hewitt ❤️ #bcbgmaxazriaFriendsGiving A post shared by  Olivia Culpo (@oliviaculpo) on Nov 13, 2018 at 5:43pm PST I think the idea of pageants isn’t empowering women the way it could. I’d like us to reinvent pageantry to create opportunity for women, and really make the people participating and watching it better people, and give them real platforms so after the pageant, they have an easier way to go out and accomplish things. I’d love to be able to help women achieve their dreams, and that can happen through pageantry, but I think other platforms can do that, too. But I can’t say, “I wish pageants never existed,” because without my experiences in them, I wouldn’t have learned as much about myself and so many different industries. Who knows if I’d be where I am now? So it’s a complicated question.  My nephew! He’s four months old. His name is Remi and I just made him his own Instagram. It’s my sister Aurora—the first nephew, the first grandkid. We’re so excited about him, and it’s also fun to dress babies up. And pie!
 Ah, the holidays. They're full of food, family, and explaining to distant relatives what exactly it is that you do and why exactly it is that you're still single (hi, Grandma!). But before the familial chaos commences this holiday season, don't forget that you're *also* supposed to panic-purchase everyone's gifts on two  blackout-inducing days: Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Lucky for you, we did the deal hunting for you. Here, our favorites of the season.   THE BEST BEAUTY DEALS    Black Friday: $75 purchase receives 4 deluxe samples + makeup bag + free standard shipping, $125 purchase receives 6 deluxe samples + makeup bag + free standard shipping   Cyber Monday: Lotus Youth Preserve Face Cream (to-go size) + free standard shipping with $40 purchase Black Friday: 30% off all orders on November 23 with code BLACKFRIDAY2018 Cyber Monday: 30% off all orders, plus five free anti-aging deluxe samples with orders $75 or more from November 24-December 1 with code CYBERWEEK2018 Black Friday & Cyber Monday:  20% off beauty and fragrance from November 23-26 Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 50% off sitewide Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 25% off all giftsets except for the glacial blue collection on ghdhair.com; all purchases also receive a sample of the heat protect spray Black Friday: 11/22 – 11/25 use promo code ITFRIDAY to get 20% Off Your Order Cyber Monday:   25% Off $30 + FREE Hello Lashes Mascara if you spend $70 (after discount) Black Friday: 25% off all Sleek Makeup at Walgreens.com Dates: November 23 - November 26Promo: 30% off all purchases (some exclusions apply) Black Friday & Cyber Monday: Use code “AILA20” to get 20% off the siteKotn Cyber Monday: 20% off the Travel Kit with code “GETMEOUTTAHERE" Black Friday & Cyber Monday: From November 19th - December 19th , for every product purchased, you will receive $10 off for you, and another $10 will be donated to the charity, Friends of the Earth. Friends of the Earth fights to defend the environment and create a more healthy and just world. Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 20% Off with code: BFCYBER20  Black Friday: 30% sitewide  Black Friday: 20% off sitewide with code OUI20  Cyber Monday: Buy anything and save 20%; Spend $89+ and save 35%, spend $139 and save 50%  THE BEST FASHION DEALS  Black Friday: For every order placed on Everlane.com and in-store, we will donate $13 to the Surfrider Foundation to fund beach cleanups across the country, until we reach our goal of $260,000. This means, 1 order = 1 less pound of plastic in the ocean  Black Friday: An additional 20% off sale items with code OCBLACK20 from November 23rd to November 25th, as well as  Cyber Monday: A one-day 20% off site wide sale on Cyber Monday (November 26th) with code CYBER20OC. Black Friday & Cyber Monday: Thursday, November 22- Monday, November 26 get 50% off select Fall/Winter styles online and in-stores   Black Friday & Cyber Monday: From November 23- 26 get 50% off sitewide  Black Friday: Up to 50% off men’s and women’s fashion from Amazon brands; up to 50% off select Denim, including styles from J.Crew, DL1961 and True Religion; up to 50% off select Calvin Klein Underwear, and more  Black Friday: From 11/18 – 11/24, Cole Haan will be offering 50% off 400+ Boots, Grand Styles, Bags & Outerwear styles and 30% off everything else  Cyber Monday: Everything will be 50% off,  plus an extra 10% off your purchase with code CYBER  Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 25% off select styles from top brands all weekend Black Friday: Up to 70% off sitewide starting Thurs 11/22 (Early Access) – Sat 11/24 (all sales are final)  Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 30% everything online and in stores Black Friday & Cyber Monday: Use code BLACKFRIDAY starting midnight on Wednesday 11/21 through midnight on Monday 11/26 for 25% off site wide Dates: November 23 - November 26Promo: 100% of Kotn’s sales will go to rebuilding 2 schools in Egypt Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 40% off on select styles such as the Athena Crop, TechSweat Flex Leggings, Exercise Dress, Men's Sunday Shorts and Runningman Sweatpants. These deals will be available online and in-store Black Friday: 50% off entire store Cyber Monday Deal: Up to 60% off entire site  Black Friday: Up to 50% off the entire store.  Black Friday & Cyber Monday: Offering 25% off site wide from November 23-26 Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 30% online and in-stores from Wednesday 11/21 - Monday 11/26 Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 30% off select items from Wednesday 11/21 - Monday 11/26, with free ground shipping on all orders Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 30% off instore and online from November 21-27 Black Friday & Cyber Monday: $100 off purchases of $250 or more online and instore (must include at least one shoe purchase, exchanges only—no returns) Black Friday: 11/23 – 11/25: 50% off Cyber Monday: 50% Off + Gift With Purchase Black Friday & Cyber Monday: Fall 2018 20% off, starting on 11/23, further markdowns on 11/26, no code needed Black Friday & Cyber Monday: Entire site 40% off with code HAWNGRY, runs from 11/23-11/26 Black Friday: Entire site 25% off with code GIVETHANKS2018, from 11/22-11/27 Black Friday & Cyber Monday: to 70% Off Sale + Classic Styles added Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 25% off site-wide, no code required Black Friday: 20% off orders of over $100 from 11/23-11/25  Cyber Monday: 25% sitewide  Black Friday: 60% off EVERYTHING site wide! Black Friday: 50% off site wide and 3 for $160 on select piece Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 30% off online from Friday, November 23rd to Monday, November 26th using promo code GL30 at checkout  THE BEST JEWELRY DEALS  Black Friday: 30% off EVERYTHING, no code required (and engraving is free as always) Black Friday & Cyber Monday: 10% off of one item, 15% off of two, and 20% off of three or more pieces. This is their only sale of the year Black Friday and Cyber Monday: 20% off all applicable items (The black "sparkle" emoji icon indicates a product's eligibility in promotion) with code ONCEAYEAR  Black Friday: 50% off select gold plated and silver pieces and 35% entire store Cyber Monday: 30% off entire store, 40% off diamond studded Talisman Collection. 
 He’ll receive the award at a ceremony next year.  Ralph Lauren will be the first American fashion designer to ever be honored as Honorary Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (KBE) for his services to fashion and philanthropy. The prize will be presented to Lauren by a representative of Queen Elizabeth II at a ceremony next year. The award is fitting for Lauren, as his designs have been frequented by famous stylish royals, including Princess Diana, Kate Middleton, and Meghan Markle.  In addition to being a staple of American fashion for over 50 years, Lauren has also been a prominent philanthropist with a commitment to helping cancer patients access quality health care. The Ralph Lauren Corporation established the Nina Hyde Center for Breast Cancer Research at Georgetown Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, The Ralph Lauren Center for Cancer Care in Harlem, New York, and The Ralph Lauren Centre for Breast Cancer Research at the Royal Marsden Hospital in London. Lauren is joining the ranks of other accomplished Americans who've received the KBE, including President Dwight D. Eisenhower, President Ronald Reagan, President George H.W. Bush, Angelina Jolie, Steven Spielberg, Bill and Melinda Gates, and many more celebrities. “I   warmly   congratulate   Ralph   Lauren   on   this   award   that   recognizes   these   efforts   and achievements over the past 50 years,” said Antony Phillipson, British Consul General to New York and Her Majesty’s Trade Commissioner for North America, in a statement.  This isn’t Lauren’s first honorable award, and it likely won't be the last. He’s also won CFDA's Womenswear and Menswear Designer of the Year and Member's Salute, the James Smithson Bicentennial Medal, the French Chevalier de la Legion d’Honneur by the President of France, and the key to New York City from Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Lauren recently celebrated his 50th anniversary with a star-studded show and party in Central Park. The festivities included a stunning runway collection and almost every A-list star — including a speech from Oprah. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR US

 Meghan Markle regularly wears outfits that are worth thousands of dollars, but sometimes, the Duchess of Sussex wears clothes that are so refreshingly chic and affordable, they naturally sell out fast once people get word. This past Saturday is yet another case of that. Meghan was confirmed by Hello! today to have worn a £49.50 ($63.26) off-the-shoulder dress by Marks & Spencer to the Royal Festival of Remembrance.  The most exciting thing? You can still get the little black dress in every size online, though not for long, because as expected it's selling fast. Meghan wore the dress under a Stella McCartney robe coat when arriving at Royal Albert Hall with Prince Harry. Meghan also wore a black dress to her secret African Parks dinner event with Prince Harry Tuesday. That one was long-sleeved with a bateau neck, so a slightly different look.
 Ask any fashion insider and they'll tell you that building your dream wardrobe is exhausting, expensive, and often times wasteful—which is exactly why rentable fashion is on the rise. Rent the Runway has dominated the wear-and-return sphere for some time, while Villageluxe has the luxury rental game on lock, so it's no wonder that fashion brands are taking cues from these brands with with subscription clothing services of their own. The latest to hop on the bandwagon? Rebecca Taylor.  Launching today, Rebecca Taylor RNTD is a new program that has all the appeal of shopping rental (high-end clothing you can wear and return for a flat rate) without all of the strings (no contracts, no shipping fees).   Subscribers pay $159/month to take out four clothing items per month. You can swap your items as many times as you'd like within a given month as long as you have no more than four Rebecca Taylor RNTD items in your closet at once, and shipping both ways is free, free, free.  Obsessed with one item? Send it back and the brand will have it dry cleaned and sent back to you free of charge. And if you can't bear the thought of parting with it even for a few days, subscribers can purchase their favorites at an exclusive discount rate.  “With the rising popularity of clothing rental, I was excited by the opportunity to explore this platform as it felt like a natural progression for the brand,” said the brand's CEO Janice Sullivan in a press release. “Rebecca Taylor provides exciting, trend-right, occasion and wear-to-work options which are the strongest performing categories in rental,” added Sullivan.  Sign up for a Rebecca Taylor RNTD subscription here. 
 Hailey Baldwin has officially partnered with PrettyLittleThing to be its newest ambassador—and the star of its holiday campaign (the one Baldwin's husband Justin Bieber called "so hot" on her Instagram). In the images, Baldwin models glitzy, dresses, jumpsuits, blazers, and more. And all the pieces are Hailey Baldwin-approved for any holiday party, naturally. "[It's] definitely party ready," she told ELLE.com of the line. "I really think these are some great sexy pieces to wear for New Year's Eve." Baldwin discussed the campaign with ELLE.com, her favorite types of pieces, and if there's any truth to the rumors that she's designing her own line, since reports broke last month that she filed to register her maiden and married names along the name HRB3 for the purpose of a clothing line.   What excited Baldwin particularly about PrettyLittleThing is its size inclusivity. All of the metallic pieces run up to a size 22. "I really love where Pretty Little Thing stands in regards to their sizing," Baldwin said. "I wish more brands openly embraced all sizes. All women deserve to feel confident and sexy." "All women deserve to feel confident and sexy." When Baldwin herself is trying to impress, she gravitates toward oversized men's pieces, as seen in her street style. "I love an oversized men's blazer," she said. "There is something so empowering about wearing an oversized men's piece. Especially when I'm trying to be a boss." As for what her own fashion line would look like—and how soon it's coming? That's a big TBD, Baldwin made clear. "I have so many ideas, and I'm really into trends and am pretty in tune with what people my age are wearing and like to wear," she said. "Right now I'm having a great time wearing other peoples' designs. There are so many young talented designers out there, but who knows? Maybe one day in the future."   Shop more of Hailey Baldwin x PrettyLittleThing below:
 It's about time!  On Monday, Reformation launched a collection of its best-selling denim in extended sizes 14-24. The denim was previously available only in sizes 0-12 (or waist sizes 23-31).  
  The release comes after Reformation's foray into extended sizing in March, a collaboration with model Ali Tate Cutler that carried sizes 0-22 and XS-3X. The other big news? The brand also shared it'll debut a permanent extended sizing collection in early 2019.   "We listen carefully to all comments and feedback we get, especially through social media," Reformation CEO and founder Yael Aflalo told Glamour. "While we got a lot of praise for the first extended sizing collection, we also got a lot of requests to make it more of a permanent collection and for more styles to be available in more inclusive sizes."  In the same interview Aflalo said extending the brand's denim sizing was a logical decision "because it’s something pretty much everyone wears all the time, and we want as many women as possible—regardless of shape or size—to have access to sustainable great-fitting jeans."  So, if you're a fan of Reformation jeans and have been waiting for more sizing options, you're in luck! And we'll be waiting not-so-patiently for the permanent collection to finally hit stores and online starting next year.  Follow Lauren on Instagram.  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Hip pack, bum bag, belt bag—whatever you may call it, fanny packs were the accessory of the '80s.  Admittedly, we were skeptical when the handsfree style hit the runway, but now we're finally seeing them with new eyes. The new crop of classic belt bags are a chicer breed that won't make you feel like you're going to an aerobics class. They can be dressed up, are cut in minimalist silhouettes, and come in luxe fabrics like faux croc and buttery leather. Ahead, shop 15 fanny packs that are more chic than hypebeast.  
 Bringing a host of emerging design talents to the festive season.  With its instantly recognizable pink and green interiors and that oh-so instagrammable banana leaf wallpaper, not to mention the stylish souls that have graced its famed bungalows, the Beverly Hills Hotel is teeming with design inspiration. Certainly, countless designers have paid homage in their own ways but no one had received the formal blessing of the Tinseltown institution until Los Angeles-based tastemaker Natalie Bloomingdale came along. Bloomingdale’s buzzy e-commerce site, The SIL (as in “Stuff I Like”) has quickly become a go-to destination for women craving a sense of discovery with their online shopping experience. Featuring the work female fashion entrepreneurs exclusively, these are pieces you won’t find anywhere else. So if you’re looking for something extraordinary, Bloomingdale gave ELLE the rundown on some of her favorites: Having recently launched her eponymous RTW business earlier this month, Molly’s garnered quite a bit of press thanks to her cheerful palette, classic silhouettes, and competitive price point. Moorkamp learned from some of the best in the business, including Oscar de la Renta and Ralph Lauren, but it’s perhaps her customers that have offered some of the most valuable lessons. “Molly built a successful custom business,” says Bloomingdale. “And thanks to her work with her private clients, she has a keen sense of the female form and what women want.” The gold lame’ caftan Moorkamp created for the BHH capsule is just the thing for swanning around poolside a la Faye Dunaway.  “The SIL was born to give an internet life to Tish Cox, a Dallas-based designer I have loved for years,” says Bloomingdale of the under-the-radar Lone Star talent. Look to Cox for modern, almost sculptural yet feminine silhouettes such as this corduroy peplum top in the hotel's signature shade of green. “The fact that her entire line is made in Dallas, Texas is the cherry on top for this proud Texan.” “Jane Pendry is one of the chicest women I have met – and she has serious street cred!” says Bloomingdale. With a background in fashion journalism and work for major fashion houses (Yves Saint Laurent and Givenchy), Paris-based Pendry and Bloomingdale first met at Polo Lounge at The Beverly Hills Hotel, naturally, where she was instantly sold on the capsule and inspired to create a collection of exclusives for The SIL under her label, Dovima Paris. Nothing quite says “party season” like a ruffled taffeta skirt that can even be worn with (yes!) jeans. One of the first designers to come on board The SIL, Hayden Lasher grew up going to the iconic Belgian Shoe store in New York. “Her great uncle Henri Bendel opened the store decades ago… And you should see her collection of bow-adorned loafers!” says Bloomingdale.  After some time working as a shoe and handbag designer at Oscar de la Renta, the Parsons grad decided to create her own handbag line with the family design legacy. Front and center on each bag is the signature Belgian bow, now made even more enticing in Millennial Pink.    
 There's just something about rose gold. Softer than its yellow cousin and infinitely warmer than sterling, the hue has taken root as a go-to option for jewelry, accessories, home decor, and more. Below, our favorite giftable picks to wrap up this holiday season (or put on your own wish list because, obviously). For a gift that will be worn (and loved) every single day, you can't do much better than a sleek bangle. Tous Rose Vermeil Silver Lio Bracelet, $179 SHOP NOW A pretty metallic sheen will make thoughtful journaling or run-of-the-mill lists feel more special. Poppin Notebook, $9 SHOP NOW Perfect for fresh flowers or standing solo, any room feels instantly warmer with a rosy objet. CB2 Vase, $20 SHOP NOW If deciding on a single hue is tricky for someone on your gift list, wrap up a delicate chain that incorporates all the colors of the rainbow. Tous Rose Vermeil Silver Super Power Necklace with Gemstones, $159 SHOP NOW Classic shapes and styles feel unique when you catch a flash of rose gold. Le Specs Sunglasses, $79 SHOP NOW
 Though it was originally worn by race-car drivers, Tod’s Gommino driving moccasin has become a beloved lazy-day staple synonymous with preppy, polished tomboy style. The recent launch of Tod’s Factory is revving up the classic—and the house itself.  The series, which takes its name from Andy Warhol’s Factory collective, will see not just designers but photographers, filmmakers, and other visual artists applying their distinct vision to the Italian label. Up first: Alessandro Dell’Acqua. In September, the Rochas and N°21 designer debuted a pointy, ladylike hybrid of the Gommino and a penny loafer, along with eight other shoe styles and seven ready-to-wear pieces, in Paris. “In revisiting the moccasin, I focused on the play between masculine and feminine,” Dell’Acqua says. To wit, the rubber, pebble-soled kitten heels provide a delicate end note to the brand’s gamine patent-leather pedal pushers (as seen on campaign face Edie Campbell, right). Despite their posh Euro heritage, these are clothes—and shoes—for women who don’t dawdle in the slow lane. This article originally appeared in the December 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 After Meghan Markle walked down the aisle to wed Prince Harry in a sleek boatneck gown by Givenchy, she memorably slipped into a second, less formal gown for the reception: an optic white halter-neck Stella McCartney gown.  The frenzy for the dress was instantaneous and McCartney created an exclusive limited-edition iteration of the gown she designed for Meghan Markle, which launched in June 2018 to celebrate the opening of her new London store.  Now the designer is launching her very first bridal collection.   The “Made with Love” collection includes 17 pieces that embody McCartney's modern, relaxed, and sexy aesthetic. McCartney whipped up an array of silhouettes that cater to every type of bride, including an elegant white gown with a cape, a long-sleeved, backless number, a cream lace jumpsuit, and a crisp white tuxedo. McCartney added an extra personal touch to each design by placing a blue tag inside each garment with a special message written by her to serve as the bride's something blue. "It’s something that I feel very passionately about and is very close to my heart," McCartney said in a statement. "I think that in this day and age the wedding day is something very different to how it’s traditionally perceived, and I think that the house of Stella McCartney really represents something a little more effortless.” The Meghan Markle effect has already proven to be very real: what Meghan wears sells. She’s had an impact on the bridal market as well shining a light in sustainable fashion, where McCartney has been a leader for years. So it’s just plain smart for McCartney to capitalize on it.   Stella McCartney's Made with Love collection will be available exclusively at Stella McCartney boutiques globally, and at Nordstroms, Saks Fifth Avenue, Harrod's, Selfridges, and Net-a-Porter starting this month. You can also head over to stellamccartney.com to book your bridal appointment now. 
 Who can and can't sell "fantasy"? Following the taping of its 2018 fashion show, Victoria's Secret faced backlash over Chief Marketing Officer Ed Razek's comments suggesting that transgender models didn't belong on the VS runway. One trans Filipina model, Geena Rocero, responded by posting a series of photos and videos of herself in lingerie and swimwear. "I'm so sorry I can't sell fantasy #transisbeautiful," she wrote in one post, "But I can sell [a] 10 million dollar hair flip #transisbeautiful" she followed up in another.  The Manila-born activist rose to prominence back in 2014 when she gave a TED talk coming out as transgender and launched her trans advocacy organization Gender Proud. She's since become one of the first trans models to be featured on the cover of any Harper's BAZAAR international edition, and has walked runways for Chromat, Carmen Marc Valvo, and Marco Marco. Here, Rocero shares swim photos that showcase the kind of "fantasy" she can create and speaks to ELLE.com about what Victoria's Secret got so wrong, fighting deep-rooted beauty standards, and what the fashion industry as a whole needs to do better. I started posting videos and photos of myself as a gut reaction to the erasure. I can't believe that [Ed Razek] would say that in public. Growing up in the Philippines, every time my sister, my cousins, and my mom would send a balikbayan box from the U.S., I used to ask them to include Victoria's Secret lotions and fragrances. It's always been such an aspiration to be a part of that dream.    I’m so sorry I can’t sell Fantasy #TransIsBeautiful @victoriassecret 📷 @jonmoephotography A post shared by  GeenaRocero (@geenarocero) on Nov 10, 2018 at 7:23am PST The show is televised globally, so it's one of the biggest platforms you can think of when it comes to a model's exposure. You could argue it launched Heidi Klum's career. Most famous supermodels that I know, love, and admire like Tyra Banks, Gisele Bundchen, Naomi Campbell, Selita Ebanks, Adriana Lima, all of these supermodels walked the Victoria's Secret fashion show. I wanted to be just like them—especially the models of color. VS has started including different races in their casting, but it's not enough. They need to do more. When I moved to New York and I started modeling, it was a completely different reality. I'd thought that maybe, one day, I could be one of those Victoria's Secret angels. I'd shoot a lot of swimsuit campaigns and lingerie campaigns for brands, aligning with my dream. It provided a sense of validation—I would feel like I'm in touch with my body, and the more I got comfortable in showing my body and working as a model in lingerie, I became more in touch with my own sensuality and my own definition of what makes me feel sexy. I remember going to a casting to a show room fitting for Victoria's Secret and I didn't get the job, but I remember I'd think, I'm getting close to it.  Certainly, with our political awakening it has changed a bit. There's now a recognition that Victoria's Secret really is lacking in diversity. In a way, it's always been known. But for VS to say it out loud? It's heartbreaking. It's a complete erasure of a big demographic—not just for a trans person, but plus-size models, and the average American size is 16. It's not even about, "Oh, it's a trend, they need to get with it because everybody is doing it. It's just a simple fact that it's not a trend. Being trans is not a trend. Being inclusive is not a trend. It is the current reality of the changing demographic and consumer demands. This is what's happening in the future. Consumers are smarter, and they're evolved, and they're demanding brands to stand up for something. And they're not asking them to be complete radical activists, but they're asking them for representation. So, for [Razek] to say that is a really big erasure of a big segment of their consumer base. I don't know what Razek is talking about when they're saying they're the leader. They're not the first in the market anymore. It's changing fast.  It's blatantly advertised on billboards and commercials: You want to be white? You'll be sexier and happier if you're white. I've been privileged to have walked many seasons of Chromat shows and they've been inclusive ever since the beginning of their brand identity, because they just know that's the right thing to do. That's what's happening in this changing landscape of identity. They represent what's happening. For me, two big intersections—being a proud, transgender woman of color and an immigrant, and being a proud Filipina—all of these things I bring into the work that I do because it provides me a sense of pride and healing. For so long, it was dictated to me that all those identities—trans, immigrant, Filipina—were not represented. I wanted to do my part in making an impact. Growing up in the Philippines, I bought all those ideas that stem from a colonized mentality—that your proximity to whiteness makes you beautiful. I myself would buy skin whitening soap and cream. It's blatantly advertised on billboards and commercials: You want to be white? You'll be sexier and happier if you're white. But the moment I became more in touch with that, I realized the power I carry with me in all the spaces I inhabit is because of those identities, not despite those identities.  Tokenism is a big, big issue. I've been in many situations where I'm the only one like me in the room. Some people think that's a good thing—for me, it's not. As someone who is a producer of media right now, I'm very aware of the fact that when I'm hiring people who are going to tell the story, I want to make sure that the people behind the scenes are also people that we're trying to represent. I want subjects to know they're surrounded with people that honor their identity.  Inclusivity in a brand ethos is both the now and the future. You can't escape that fact. The train is moving so fast. You're going to get left behind. There's more trans people on the runway. I think what I would like to see more is for casting directors, brand directors, and creative directors to really see this is not a trend. It's not going to last for one or two seasons. This is the current reality. Inclusivity in a brand ethos is both the now and the future. You can't escape that fact. The train is moving so fast. You're going to get left behind. This is why we need diverse casting directors that really represent people. If you don't have people who don't have an actual connection with diversity and inclusion. It's going to be an ongoing battle. I dream of being in Sports Illustrated. They haven't had a trans model yet—we'll see.   lunch break behind the scene snaps ( 📷 @mamiemccall ) @chromat Campaign can’t wait for y’all to see the whole campaign images. This is what Fashion should be , intersectional, celebration of all body types, empowerment and intentional. Thank you to the whole @chromat family and community. 💄 @fatimasees hair @bethington_ 💅🏾 @ladyfancynails #chromatbabe #chromatteam #swimwear #BTS A post shared by  GeenaRocero (@geenarocero) on Jun 26, 2018 at 5:28am PDT Photographer/Creative Director: Mamie McCall | Stylist: Rap Sarmiento | Hair: Dee Trannybear for DDPro | Makeup: Anna Kurhiara
 Since it launched in 1995, the Victoria’s Secret fashion show has become a global spectacle of toned bodies, feathery costume wings, big hair, and bright white smiles, consumed by millions across TV and social media. It bolsters the superstardom of the models it casts, with alumna including Tyra Banks and Gisele Bundchen and current catwalkers Gigi and Bella Hadid, Kendall Jenner, and Jasmine Tookes.  I’ve gone to several Victoria’s Secret fashion shows over the past ten years and always thought it was a bit of campy fun, like going to a Vegas show. Unlike most fashion shows, the models actually smiled. Set to a live performance by a global superstar, the show portrayed sexuality so cartoonishly (and, yes, problematically) exaggerated it was therefore not sexual at all. But attitudes around women’s bodies and women’s sexuality have changed dramatically over the last few years and thank god. After #MeToo in particular, I wondered if and how the Victoria’s Secret show would respond.  I got my answer shortly before the show taped. Victoria’s Secret Chief Marketing Officer Ed Razek and EVP of public relations Monica Mitro gave an unfiltered interview to Nicole Phelps at Vogue.com, weighing in on the annual show, its waning relevance, inclusivity, and their competitors (“We’re nobody’s Third Love”). Razek sounded combative when Phelps asked about the Instagram generation. “Are they looking for something new from Victoria’s Secret?” she asked. He responded, in part: I reached out to Razek to clarify his statements, which not only used an outdated word to describe the transgender community, but also seemed to suggest that a transgender model couldn’t be a part of the Victoria’s Secret “fantasy.”  “My remark regarding the inclusion of transgender models in the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show came across as insensitive. I apologize,” Razek said via email. “To be clear, we absolutely would cast a transgender model for the show. We've had transgender models come to castings ... And like many others, they didn't make it ... But it was never about gender. Honestly, I really hope that a transgender model will make the show soon. I admire and respect their journey to embrace who they really are." Razek talks as if casting in his show is an objective metric, as if the models are competing to win a 400M race and not working very hard to meet his physical standard. And, bewilderingly, he talks as if he doesn’t have the power to change the standard. He does. And if he does it could make a big difference for millions of women, all of whom have money to spend. (Victoria's Secret sales are on the decline after all.) There was a time when the Victoria’s Secret show felt like a refreshing departure from the serious and seriously too white and too thin fashion world. Runway shows, particularly in years past, could feel severe and even a little sad. Models often stomped down the runway unsmiling. The castings were often all white. By contrast, the Victoria's Secret fashion show was campy and joyful. Models smiled and blew kisses and danced on stage to live musical acts against kaleidoscopic sets. They were more athletic than stick thin, and (slightly) more diverse than the runways of the late ‘90s and early ‘00s. This is what the Victoria's Secret show has been and still is. But while Victoria's Secret has stayed the same the world has changed around it. Consumers want to see themselves represented, and via social media, they have a voice. Brands like Rihanna's Savage x Fenty and Chromat have always known this. After Rihanna’s inaugural Savage x Fenty show, which featured models of all colors and sizes and even a very pregnant Slick Woods who delivered her baby later that day, ELLE.com’s Style Director Nikki Ogunnaike wrote, “So this is what effortless inclusion looks like, huh?”  Trying to be the 1st Trans model of color walk a #VictoriaSecret Fashion show. #transisbeautiful #LeynaBloom 💕 pic.twitter.com/xkLW5W9YqO Over the last few years, petitions and social media campaigns have urged Victoria's Secret to think more inclusively about size and gender. Teen Vogue’s Jessica Andrews spoke to plus model Tess Holliday, transgender models Carmen Carrera and Leyna Bloom, and Madeline Stuart, who has Down syndrome, all of whom challenged Victoria’s Secret’s idea of representation. “Having a transgender girl up there who works just as hard to maintain her mind and body, but also heart, soul, spirit, life, transition, perseverance, and will to survive? That’s representation that all women can look up to!” Carrera said. "I don’t think we can be all things to all customers," Razek said. True, the Victoria’s Secret runway show has never reflected reality. But as a growing chorus of women say, “we like the way we are,” fantasy starts to look like a risky bet. 
 All hell could freeze over and you would still find me in a  summer dress. This aversion to pants turned me into a black tights expert, and I've tried them all. Some ripped too easily, were dull in color, or encased my legs like a constricting torture device. But many prevailed, and I've narrowed it down to the very best. Click through for a pair of black tights that fits every fancy, here. H&M's affordable line of tights has the best cost-per-wear. They come in an array of deniers (the higher the number, the more opaque the tights) and textures, and feel great on your legs.  ELLE.com is legitimately obsessed with Uniqlo's Heattech line. Throughout the winter, I wear the tights every day under skirts, jeans, and dresses. They're honestly warmer than most pants.  If you need a #000000 black color that's darker than today's political climate, Wolford takes the cake. They are known for their saturated hue, but be prepared to pay the price.  For cozy, fleece-lined tights, Nordstrom is the winner. Their style is super comfortable, don't irritate my sensitive skin, and are the second warmest tights I've tried.  Whenever I'm in a pinch for tights, I run into a CVS and pick up a pair of L'eggs, typically displayed next to nail clippers and weird popcorn tops. These are deceptively chic, so I buy them in bulk.  If you're searching for a pair of tights that will flatter your best asset, Spanx has a cult following for a reason. These tights lift your cheeks and round them out without pinching.  Emilio Cavallini was friends with Mary Quant, a.k.a. the queen of Mod, thus birthing his own line of fan-favorite hosiery. From stripes to spots to everything in between, look to his brand for all your printed needs. 
 Dianne Garcia is always on the go. Or as her Instagram bio so succinctly puts it, she's "actually working." The Los Angeles-based stylist is the mastermind behind the smooth, understated, and street-rooted style of Compton's golden child, Kendrick Lamar. She's also responsible for SZA's dreamy aesthetic that's equal parts girly and rugged tomboy, and the look of R&B's newest sensation, Ella Mai. So yes, Garcia's plate is full, but that hasn't stopped the fashion wunderkind from delving into an exclusive ready-to-wear collection for Nordstrom x Nike designed with working women in mind.  Launching exclusively on Nordstrom.com and in-store at the Nordstrom x Nike boutique (curated by Nordstrom's vice president of creative projects, Olivia Kim) on November 10, Garcia's Nordstrom x Nike collection echoes the sports brand's sleek, polished, athletic vibe while incorporating her streetwear appeal. The nine-piece range (from $45 to $175) is filled with reworked Nike staples, from compression shorts to oversized jackets, bodysuits, and more, all inspired by Nike's iconic Air Force 1 silhouette. "I’ve always been a sneakers girl," Garcia says. "My first shoes were baby Nikes, and I felt the company has evolved in their sportswear. That’s what I wear all the time, even though clothes change and trends come and go.”  Ahead of the collection's debut, I hopped on the phone with Garcia to discuss what it's like designing her first-ever collection, the fashion trends she wishes would die, and what pieces speak to her clients, Ella Mai and SZA. I was fortunate enough to work with artists that have an unconventional way of doing things and those three are quite comfortable with who they are, standing out from what other rappers or singers are wearing. Our personal style and personality, I believe, is what attracted us to one another. They’re also performers and, at the end of the day, they need to feel comfortable. Coming from a streetwear background, I tend to gravitate towards the underdogs, the up-and-coming indie brands. It's a collaborative process so we're always picking out styles that don't look contrived or that everybody is already wearing.   I think I may be on a monochromatic tip lately. @ellamai for her AMA’s performance. A post shared by  Dianne Garcia (@dianne) on Oct 11, 2018 at 5:08pm PDT As far as my personal relationship with the brand, it started when I was a kid. Nike has always been a preferred brand for me since I was younger. Even though it leaned toward athletic wear, I loved being able to wear something that was functional, comfortable, and still looked cool because that’s basically my personal style.  I started working at a sneaker store, Blends in Los Angeles, during my first year in college and over time, I connected with a lot of people that work at the brand. My mom and step-father worked at headquarters—even though they don’t do anything fashion-based or anything—so the connection was always there and it's all been leading up to this.  They told me they had an opportunity with Nordstrom to do a women’s or unisex collection where I re-design existing styles. I’m a stylist so my job is to remix things; a lot of the stuff that I do is taking stuff that already exists and putting my own twist or the artist's twist on it to match whatever we think is more appealing. The approach that Nike had for the collection was aligned with what I had envisioned. I always find myself looking at designs Nike previously produced and thinking, "Well, if this had a little bit of this added to it or if I could switch up the silhouette to make this a little bigger or smaller, it would be something that women really want to wear." We’re already wearing athletic wear in our daily lives so to add some comfort, function and a stylish aesthetic to it makes it even better.  As a stylist, you kind of always have that design eye turned on. It was great, really effortless because I collaborated with Nike before to create clothing for my clients and I’ve designed stuff from scratch before. However, I wouldn't describe myself as a designer just yet because with that word comes a real responsibility. There are people who are real designers who went to school and learned their craft. I would love to continue to design stuff but I’m a stylist first.  Everybody is loving bike shorts right now and I own a few pairs from Nike myself, so I saw a pair that was high-waisted and felt that it would be more flattering to women of all shapes and sizes to wear. I was inspired by all the women I talk to, the everyday woman who has jobs, goes to school, has a busy life, and thought what would they want to wear? Athleisure is such a huge trend but what does that look like for the everyday woman who’s always on the go? How would she be comfortable in biker shorts or a bodysuit? So it was a lot of me taking my personal concerns and the feedback of other women to make the silhouettes cooler, better, and easier to wear.  One off the biggest things for me was making sure they merchandise well together. You can pretty much buy everything in that collection and mix-and-match the pieces, it’s basically a complete wardrobe. The bodysuit can go under the bike shorts or the puffer skirt, the jacket can go over everything and the overalls is a piece that can fit every body type. I’m a working woman, all my friends are working women. We don’t want to think too much about our outfits when we wake up because time is of the essence but how can we make this look good? Create an all-black collection that’s really comfortable, really functional, and aesthetically appealing.  Oh, the overalls for sure. It falls on the tomboy, androgynous side and it’s a one piece so it’s comfortable. The overalls also have a nylon shell—so the wind isn't going through it—with padding to give just a little more warmth. Then on the sexier side, I love the bodysuit. I wear bodysuits all the time, especially black or white bodysuits, those are staples in my closet because they’re functional and pair well with anything.  For me, it’s always about juxtaposition. There’s a huge oversized jacket that was made from a men’s 3x jacket and I would wear that with the biker shorts so there’s still this sexy element. You’re not drowning in clothes and you can still feel feminine. I tried to find that balance between comfy, functional, and sexy. Ella Mai is an oversize girl so she’s probably love the bomber jacket. SZA is active so she would love the bike shorts and body suits.  I love that clothes are getting bigger and comfier, the revival of that late 90s, early 2000s aesthetic is coming back. You’re seeing a lot of heavier fabrics, relaxed silhouettes and it’s just comfortable. We don’t need the rhinestone shirts but I appreciate the super distressed denim or even the classic 501 Levi's and oversize hoodies. I'm waiting for the day skinny jeans die, I’m so over it. The super-stretch denim, I’m over that, too. I just want to see things going back to being simpler. I keep coming back to this word but comfy.
 Before they earned their wings, these models grew up like the rest of us: with awkward haircuts and embarrassing '80s/'90s outfits. OK, and they were suuuuper cute. Today these leggy models will be stomping the catwalk at the Victoria's Secret show in New York. But before they earned their wings, they grew up like the rest of us: with awkward haircuts and embarrassing '80s/'90s outfits. OK, and they were all ridiculously cute. Take a look back at the Angels' childhood pictures.
 The annual People's Choice Awards cover everything movies, TV, music, and pop culture.  And plot twist: the voting power is in the hands of the people...as in you and me. Ahead of the 2018 PCAs on November 11, we're looking back at all the most attention-grabbing dresses to ever grace the carpet. Here, the 17 most outrageous of them all. The first ever People's Choice Awards kicked off in 1975, and Talia Shire was one of the first guests to arrive (alongside then-husband  David Shire). Talia kept things pretty casual as far as awards shows go, wearing this collared dress and classic trench with minimal makeup or jewelry.  Wearing this androgynous satin gown, Barbra Streisand looked like she came straight from a party at Jay Gatsby's while attending the 1977 People's Choice Awards. She won the award for Favorite Motion Picture Actress that night and took home the same award the following year.  Mary Ann Mobley kicked off the bold and colorful 1980s in this scarlet, asymmetrical gown. She kept the look monochromatic with red nails, a burnt red lip, a red clutch bag, and a red flower accessory in her hair. Charlene Tilton made a statement at the 7th annual People's Choice Awards when she wore this tuxedo with a white tailcoat and matching top hat. The look was complete with satin detail, a bowtie, and matte burgundy nails. Lisa Hartman attended the People's Choice Awards in 1985 as Paul Stanley's date. For the occasion, she opted for this daring sequin gown that featured thin fabric and very strategic cutouts.  Dolly Parton wasn't afraid to shy away from pearls, crystals, or sheer panelling at the 1988 People's Choice Awards. She was the physical embodiment of the '80s in this over-the-top high-neck and won the award for Favorite All-Around Female Entertainer.  Sandra Bullock re-defined lingerie in this lace slip dress, which she wore to the 22nd annual People's Choice Awards. Always on trend, she paired the spaghetti strap look with a diamond hoop necklace and a very '90s up-do.  Michael Michele was wearing chevron before chevron was...chevron. The designer and soap opera star wore this floor-length, strapless gown to the PCA's in 2001 where she blinded photographers on the red carpet. The gown featured a bodice made entirely of sequins, which she complemented with minimal jewelry and a vampy lip.  Not afraid to...um...let freedom ring, Reba McEntire wore this sequin American flag gown with a bedazzled star chain belt to the PCAs back in 2002.  Leave it to Jennifer Aniston to look incredible on the red carpet while carrying a CANE. Right before the 2003 PCA's, Aniston broke her toe and was forced to bring a wooden cane along to the show. She still managed to stun cameras in a plunging blazer top and diamond drop-neck choker, but you'll notice her right shoe is actually a walking boot. Oprah loves that leather. In 2004, she attended the People's Choice Awards and won for Favorite Talk Show Host (duh). To accept the award, she wore a cropped leather top with gold button detail (and earrings to match) over a chic pencil dress. At the PCAs we wear pink...or at least Kristen Bell does. The Frozen star looked like a hot pink Marilyn Monroe in 2005, twirling for the cameras in a haltered fit and flare with strappy heels.  I've said it once and I'll say it again, Tyra Banks can wear anything. In 2006, she wore this paisley patterned maxi dress to the People's Choice Awards, accentuating her waist with a thick crocodile skin belt.  You know everyone's favorite Grey's Anatomy star likes to keep things classy. In 2007,  Sandra Oh was a modern Audrey Hepburn in this ruffled pencil dress and satin heels. She finished the look with a textured up-do, smokey shadow, and a glossy, baby pink lip.  Demi Lovato looked like some sort of dreamy pirate fairy in this navy blue mini dress back in 2010. Shredded fabric created a thigh-grazing, feathered look that she completed with a tiered, elaborate choker.  To bring attention to NoH8—a charitable organization that promotes gender and marriage equality—NCIS's Pauley Perrette wore this satin high-low to the People's Choice Awards in 2011. The gown was designed by Terry King, and Perrette later auctioned signed prints of herself wearing the look to benefit the organization.  Fourteen years after she wore that orange, latex jumpsuit for "Oops I Did It Again," Britney Spears can still slip into a form-fitting look. For the 2014 PCA's, she chose this nude bodycon dress that featured a sheer overlay with crystal roses.  Jennifer Hudson looked stunning in this stark white wrap dress in 2014, but it's her heels that created buzz. The clear straps across her toes look like they might've been a litte too tight for the actress, who kept things practical with a smartwatch on her left wrist. All-sequin everything! Priyanka Chopra tapped precious metals for her 2016 People's Choice Awards look, covering herself in giant silver and gold sequins. She accessorized the Vera Wang dress with a pair of mirrored heels (want) and bold, smokey eyeshadow. At last year's People's Choice Awards, Yara Shahidi called on Off-White to create her red carpet look. The result? This ruffled, checked gown with bell sleeves and collar detail.  The queen of sheer looks made sure to turn heads at last year's PCA's. Jennifer Lopez wore this black Reem Acra mermaid gown in 2017, which featured a crystal breastplate and subtle shoulder ruching. Always one to sparkle, Lopez stacked diamond rings on her fingers and sparkled even more when she took home the award for Best Crime Drama TV Actress.
 You're standing in your underwear in a poorly lit fitting room at your local mall, the smell of Auntie Anne's wafting through the air. Strewn around your feet are half a dozen pairs of jeans turned inside out. The struggle to find a pair that fit is an emotionally draining experience: either they gave you a muffin top, the hem is too long or too short, or overall, you felt like a stuffed turkey sausage. The perfect jeans do not exis— Nope, they do. Everlane's cult-favorite jeans are legitimately amazing, and speaking from personal experience, my butt looks great in them. They are super affordable at $78, but they're on sale for $50 right now. All the flattering fits are here: skinnies, straight-leg, kick flares, and boyfriend jeans are slashed at 30% off. It's an all-star roster of denim that suits every preference. Their sizes run from 23-33, are offered in your favorite basic colors, and in typical Everlane fashion, are sustainably made in the world's cleanest denim factory. No big deal.     The nightmare of trying on denim IRL is finally over. Start adding to your cart in bulk now, because these on-sale jeans are bound to go fast.  
 
 The designer faces the future by looking to the past. In the car on the way back to the office, my fashion-editor colleagues and I fought bitterly over what we’d just seen. It was early November 1992, the week Bill Clinton would be elected president, and we had just witnessed Marc Jacobs’s notorious spring 1993 grunge collection for Perry Ellis, that epic show where Christy Turlington, Kate Moss, and Naomi Campbell skulked down the runway wearing combat boots and silk flannel shirts. One prominent fashion director declared the show a flop. “Where’s the elegance?” she demanded, waving an armful of gold bangles in the air. “There’s nothing for retailers to sell!”  After a decade of ’80s extravagance, we’d grown accustomed to glitzy chains and high-gloss hair and makeup. Next to Richard Avedon’s slick Versace advertisements, the stringy hair and pale-faced look of grunge felt flat. Critics hated it. The International Herald Tribune’s Suzy Menkes even had “Grunge Is Ghastly” pins made. Jacobs lost his job. Music fans laughed at high fashion’s attempt to appropriate their Nirvana beat. Yet it was hard to deny the excitement of this bold new statement. With a few knit beanies and silk negligees, Jacobs had tapped into the zeitgeist of Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love, thus catapulting the subculture to the forefront of style. Ultimately, the grunge show would mark a turning point in fashion: the definitive transition from couture to street, from rarefied incubator to scrappy innovator.   Today, 25 years later, Jacobs and his team have meticulously remade 26 looks from that infamous outing. They returned to the mills that produced the original prints and scoured eBay for the now-vintage pieces. The designer had the somewhat crazy idea of reissuing his favorite collection, not to boast or be lazy, he says—he just wanted to mix things up. The fashion system wasn’t working. He felt boxed in by its biannual runway-show structure. Jacobs thought it might be time to try something different, again. “There are all these conversations in my head about, What is fashion anymore? Who is fashion for? Where’s it going? With the internet, it all becomes so overwhelming,” Jacobs says, seated at a long table in the back of his New York showroom. He’s dressed in a favorite black- and-white polka-dot Comme des Garçons shirt, his hair slicked back under a cotton headband. He looks more like a fashion éminence grise than the renegade designer in sunglasses and a ponytail who took his final bow at Perry Ellis in the ’90s.  Despite the fallout, Jacobs would go on to launch his wildly successful eponymous label and become the proverbial king of New York Fashion Week, with celebrities clamoring for seats at his over-the-top shows. He also conquered Paris, jolting the sleepy world of French fashion as the creative director of Louis Vuitton. Nobody questioned his dominance. If Marc Jacobs said “turbans,” the fashion world agreed, unequivocally. Turbans!   But then the landscape shifted; the way we consume fashion changed. Retail stores began closing, including Jacobs’s beloved Bleecker Street outposts. In 2013, after 16 years, he stepped down from his post at Louis Vuitton. Last June, the New York Times suggested that Jacobs had lost his way. “Is it hard to stay relevant in this climate?” Jacobs asks. “I don’t want to get too heady, but relevant in what sense? When I hear the word relevant, I think maybe what you really mean is, Is it what young people would like?”  "When I hear the word relevant, I think maybe what you really mean is, 'Is it what young people would like?'"  There’s good reason to believe that grunge is exactly that. Buzzy indie acts like Soccer Mommy’s Sophie Allison, 21, and Snail Mail’s Lindsey Jordan, 19, hark back to the garage-band stylings of 1990s Seattle. And the Gen Z look certainly evokes a more authentic, antiestablishment spirit. See Emma González in her riot grrrl–worthy army-navy jackets. When Gigi Hadid, who at 23 is younger than the original collection, got an advance peek at Version 2.0, she thought it was cool, not because it was a reboot but because she just liked the clothes. “It’s important to be sensitive to what’s going on in the world right now,” Jacobs says, “and to try to maintain one’s integrity.” The fact that Instagram culture prioritizes personalities over actual clothing irks him. “It’s silly to complain about it, but it’s so frustrating when people focus on the girls and not the clothes. I was pretty outspoken a couple of years ago when there was a Chanel couture show and there was one dress that was so exquisitely made—the fabric, the handwork. But all anyone could talk about was Lily-Rose Depp, the model wearing the dress. Not one person talked about the dress and what went into it.”   In response, Jacobs abandoned his signature elaborate sets and instead captured his audience’s attention by showing the clothes with no distractions, not even music. Just two rows of chairs, between which models marched in silence. He implored attendees to put away their phones. “In the theater, they say to put your cameras away. This is a live experience,” he says. “We work for months, and it’s over in seven minutes. Could you just put your phone away for seven minutes?” Look at Balenciaga elevating what kids buy for $15 at the mall and making it for $2,000. It’s the emperor’s new clothes. Isn’t that what fashion has always been? But even Jacobs can’t put his iPhone away. On Instagram, he enjoys sharing both his creative inspirations and vacations with his one million followers. “The most likes I get is when I put on a Chanel jacket and go to a restaurant,” he admits, “or post a stupid animal video.” Still, the platform helps him bring his idea of fashion—that is to say, the fashion of Diana Vreeland and the 1960s, the days when photo shoots were like movie sets—to a new generation. And so it goes with the relaunch of grunge. “Part of the irony and perversity of it was that everything was found and elevated,” he recalls of the first iteration. “We bought vintage flannel shirts for $2 on St. Marks Place and remade them out of silk. Taking something banal or vulgar and elevating it to designer status was not new. We were not the first to do it, but people get offended by it. They were adamant: No, you’re not supposed to do that. But really, it’s still happening. Look at Balenciaga elevating what kids buy for $15 at the mall and making it for $2,000. It’s the emperor’s new clothes. Isn’t that what fashion has always been?”  This article originally appeared in the December 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Millennial fashion is obsessed with all things '90s—chokers, fanny packs, and mom jeans are loved by celebs and normals alike. Even Delia*s, the catalogue you circled in Sharpie and casually placed on the coffee table for your mom to find, is returning with a capsule collection that dropped earlier this month. But the Gen X decade has so much more to sartorially offer. Most people who  lived in the pre-Y2K decade didn't dress like whoever Bella Hadid takes inspiration from, because most people don't share a love for skinny sunglasses. Our AOL password might be forgotten, but these not-so-obvious '90s trends are surprisingly timeless.  If there's one sleeper trend happening right now, it's the return of the leather statement belt. Take notes from Naomi Campbell here and find one in OTT baroque moldings, gold chains, and more.  You can't not mention Clueless when talking about '90s fashion. It's an endless source of sartorial inspiration, and we're zeroing in on Cher and Dione's iconic suits. Instead of wearing a matching set, wear a plaid mini skirt and make it work for a modern world with a cozy sweater, a trench coat, and OTK boots.  Almond-toed shoes are probably sitting in your closet right now, but the square toe offers a literal edge to any outfit. It's a subtle difference, but offers a major dose of sex appeal.  These pants are the cool version of mom jeans. Heralded by '90s style queens like Tatiana Ali and Janet Jackson, the baggier fit is ideal for downtown vibes and look great with sneakers and combat boots.  We're vying for practicality this season, so both oversized totes and micro bags are taking the backseat in favor for this throwback silhouette: the baguette bag. It sits snugly under your arm, actually fits your phone, and lets you practice your best Paris Hilton impression.  Trinity's patent style took the world and Madonna by storm in the '90s. Everyone owned a black leather coat, and this year we're updating the look in patent and embossed croc. It's The One.   Watch any episode of Friends, and you're bound to see at least one slinky blouse. It was your mom's go-to work top, and we're finally seeing a resurgence of this everyday top. Seriously, you won't stop touching your arms while wearing this silky number. 
 And how Britney Spears will get the supermodel pumped up on the day of the show.  Elsa Hosk starts our interview by affirming we're going to have a good time and smiling brighter than the jeweled bra she'll be wearing in just two days. And she's right. The Swedish supermodel has been honored with the crown jewels for this year's Victoria Secret Fashion Show: the coveted Fantasy Bra, an Atelier Swarovski piece of lingerie valued at around $1 million. So Hosk has reason to smile. She worked hard to get here—she's walked in the show since 2011—and is getting to follow in the footsteps of her VS angel icon  Karolina Kurkova, who wore the Fantasy Bra in 2006.  Plus, Elsa's got some new friends now—the crew of bodyguards there to protect her and the $1 million bra—and she'll probably play some Britney Spears before the show to get pumped up. It's good to be Elsa Hosk, and she knows it. She's grateful, excited, a little nervous, but overall just an Angel. Read on to find out more about her journey from VS Pink model to Victoria Secret Angel.  I was freaking out because I had no idea it was going to be me and they surprised me on a shoot. I was really in shock. When I opened the box, I was assuming it was a birthday cake because my birthday is coming up but it was the Fantasy Bra. I was just shaking, and I didn't believe they were serious. It was so beautiful. The whole day I was just in a constant smile because I was just so happy. I told my friend Liz because I knew she was going to be the most excited, because my other friends are all in Sweden.                                      And then I told my boyfriend, who's not really in this world so he doesn't really understand, but he was like, "Oh babe. No, I'm so proud of you. I don't really know what this bra means but I know it's a big deal."  May the best team win 😱😱😱😱 shaking #letsgosweden 🇸🇪💙💛#swedenvsengland @tomtomdaly A post shared by  elsa hosk (@hoskelsa) on Jul 7, 2018 at 8:28am PDT  It feels like you're wearing one million dollars. It's a bit heavy. I'm glad I have bodyguards around. It also feels really special because I know I worked really hard to get there and I feel really proud wearing the bra. Wearing the Fantasy Bra! The weirdest thing is probably the attention that comes with it. Even though I'm used to that working as a model and being in lingerie a lot. The Fantasy Bra is blinding. It's like, "Whoa." It's over 2,000 diamonds on it. That's a little crazy.  I would probably not wear this one. I would wear the one that you could actually buy in store. They made a replica and this is what I'm wearing right now. I would keep that one in my safe and just open it at night and look at it. I'd be like, "I wore you once. Still there."  Hands down best bday present EVER IN LIFE !!!!!! The 2018 fantasy bra 😭😍🙈🌟❤️ This is for everyone that believes in hard work and goes after their wildest dreams !!!! ⭐️ thanks for making mine come true @victoriassecret #edrazek @monica.mitro ❣️❣️❣️❣️can’t wait to wear the million dollar bra down the runway in the #vsfashionshow in a couple of days! A post shared by  elsa hosk (@hoskelsa) on Nov 5, 2018 at 12:09pm PST  Maybe some vintage like Britney [Spears]. I don't know, '90s tunes. I feel like the bra is very '90s. It's cool like that. Madonna, maybe. I want to feel empowered.  My favorite was probably Karolina Kurkova because when I started modeling she was everywhere. She was the girl. She was the supermodel. And she was blonde like me so I  could identify with her but then at the same time I would never see myself doing what she's doing. It's even crazier knowing that she wore this bra and I'm wearing this bra now. 
 A well-curated stack of books on a coffee table is just as important as mastering how to properly place framed art pieces on your wall. Take a look at a fashion lover's coffee table, and you might see books like Dior: The Art of Color or Chanel: Collections and Creations, essential readings that celebrate the history and influence of some of fashion's most revered houses. Now, Balenciaga and the brand's artistic director, Demna Gvasalia, are releasing a coffee table book that centers on the house's Winter '18 show.  Aptly titled Balenciaga: Winter 18, the book offers readers an exclusive look at never-before seen images of the behind-the-scenes process of the Balenciaga show, from sketches to garment fittings and runway rehearsals. To match the vibrant, striking colors that appeared on the Balenciaga Fall '18 show, Johnny Dufort and Pierre Ange Carlotti, the only two photographers allowed access backstage at the show, shot the glossy images in the book, which were carefully printed with swipes of bright neon tones, including lime green and pink.  “With this show in particular, even backstage looked like a story,” Gvasalia said in a statement. “I realized that every show I do from now on for Balenciaga is cinematographic in terms of concept and setup, and each of them I’d like to accompany with some memorabilia, something that actually puts you into that show and the process behind it.” "A show is an experience and this book is a tool for remembering it,” he added.  The collectible can be all yours on November 7 on balenciaga.com before it releases on rizzoliusa.com in February 2019.   
 When Cardi B rapped, "I'm the queen of talking sh-t and I'm backing it up," she really meant it. Throughout her drama-filled feud with Nicki Minaj, Cardi assured Minaj and fans that Fashion Nova wasn't the only brand she was collaborating with. Today, Cardi clarified those claims by announcing her partnership with Reebok, which begins with the rapper and sneaker giant dipping into the Reebok archives to reissue an iconic silhouette.   If you dont know, now you know. 😏 REEBOK! #Aztrek @Reebok @ReebokClassics #Reebokpartner A post shared by  Iamcardib (@iamcardib) on Nov 5, 2018 at 7:31am PST "Everything that you love about Cardi B is what you love about Reebok," the brand said in a press release, adding, "there’s nothing we love more than taking risks and standing boldly behind those who do the same." Of course Reebok would resurrect its classic Aztrek shoe, especially since fashion's love affair with the "dad sneaker" doesn't seem to be dying down anytime soon. The chunky runner features everything we love about 90s footwear, like its thick sole and playful designs that include cool blues, pinks, and purples. To announce the partnership, Cardi sported the Reebok Aztrek in White/Black/Excellent Red, which will only run you $90.   There's no word on what the future of the Cardi B x Reebok partnership looks like, but Reebok described the "Money" rapper as its "ideal collaborator." "Cardi isn’t just a world-class entertainer," the brand continued. "She’s a mother, a style icon, a pop culture magnet and–above all else–a fearless individual. She’s   broken every mold that superstars are supposed to fit into—and she’s reached the top by following nobody’s path but her own." 
 Leopard is still a neutral, but the popularity it's enjoyed (of the you-see-it-everywhere variety) maybe, maybe has started to make it feel a bit tired. The newest animal species to consider adopting is the closely related tiger stripe. With a notable presence on the runways, the trend is making an appearance in every category and perfect for fall layering. Click through for street style inspiration and pieces to shop now. Even if the print feels new for now, there's something vintage-esque in its DNA.  Fact: Head-to-tiger is never too much. SHOP NOW Realisation Par Dress, $250 A pencil skirt lets you bring the playful print straight to the office. SHOP NOW Zara Skirt, $18 It works for big or small moments. Printed coat not your thing? Try a tiny bag. The bold print was first adopted by interiors (search "Scalamandre tiger"); done in luxe velvet, it looks like rich upholstery repurposed. SHOP NOW Givenchy Bag, $2,190  Sparkly, ready-to-party evening bags bring the jungle vibe straight past midnight. SHOP NOWAttico Clutch, $425 Like its other animal print cousins, tiger is especially well suited for classic, sophisticated cuts. Simple dresses or cleanly cut coats turn into showstoppers.   A roomy coat instantly becomes statement outerwear when done up in wild stripes. SHOP NOW Bottega Veneta Coat, $4,650 Mix tiger in with your leopard—peep the bag for proof that big cats play nice.  To inject color and print into your wardrobe simultaneously, try the look in a crewneck tee. Wear as you would a standard white version. SHOP NOW Proenza Schouler T-Shirt, $325 And, surprise, the quirky, but longstanding thing about tiger print is how often it's done in colors beyond literally black and tan. Monochrome is spotted frequently (as are more vivid displays in lime green or electric blue). SHOP NOW Chimi Sunglasses, $150 For just a tiny bit of the trend, look no further than shades.  As with leopard, the neutrality of tiger lets you wear a printed ballet flat like it's basic black. SHOP NOW Aquazzura Flats, $825
 As the temperature takes a dip and clusters of bright autumn leaves fall off the trees, we're reminded that the most wonderful time of the year is finally here. But since the holiday season is always one that's fraught with anxiety and stress, especially when it comes to gift-giving, J. Crew is stepping in to alleviate any shopping woes with its newest holiday-themed collection, created with Brooklyn-based designer Wendi Reed.  Reed, known for her whimsical and quirky designs, brought her playful patterns to J. Crew's classic "preppy-style" sweaters to give the collection, inspired by the 2001 comedy series Royal Tenenbaums, a "timeless aesthetic with a fun twist."  From mockneck check-print sweaters to buffalo-check coatigans (looks like a coat but feels as light as a cardigan) the collection ranges from $78 to $268 and is available now for purchase. Get a head start on your holiday shopping before it's gone (or before J. Crew-lover, Meghan Markle, steps out in one, then you'll really be out of luck.)
 Converse All Stars were meant to be worn in warm weather and tucked away when the winter season's rain, snow and slush rolls around. But gone are the days of your Converse being confined to the back of your closet for half the year, because the brand has unveiled its own iteration of the sneaker boot trend by reinterpreting three of its most popular silhouettes into waterproof designs.  Birthed from Converse's vintage Extreme Cold Weather Boot--a rubber utility boot that was first introduced in the 1950s-- the Mountain Club collection takes Converse's Chuck Taylor All Star, One Star and Fastbreak designs to create functional, military-inspired boots that are durable enough to withstand any weather condition. Each shoe is coated in Durable Weather Repellent (DWR) that protects the boot's exterior from becoming waterlogged, and breathable, Gore-Tex fabric to keep your feet dry inside.  Converse Mountain Club collection ranges from $120-$150 and will be available at converse.com and at select retailers starting November 8.
 Achieving supermodel status is no easy feat and surely doesn't happen overnight. Just look at Kendall Jenner's glow up from doe-eyed tween on her family's popular E! series Keeping Up With the Kardashians to catwalk darling, strutting in shows from fashion's upper echelon of talent like Versace, Marc Jacobs, Chanel, Balmain, and more. And with multiple campaigns and runway shows under her belt, the supermodel-in-the-making's style has evolved just as quickly as she's gained influence in the fashion realm. In honor of her 23rd birthday, take a look back at Jenner's style evolution over the years.  Everything old is new again, including this leopard print dress young Kendall wore to the Keeping Up With the Kardashians viewing party. At the KIIS-FM's 2008 Wango Tango in a black and white sleeveless top and hot pink leggings.  At the Matrix at A Time for Heroes Celebrity Carnival in a baby doll dress and converse.  At he ESPY Awards in a soft pink ruffled dress and sparkly heels.  At the 8th Annual Teen Vogue Young Hollywood Party in a white blouse, green wrap skirt and black loafers.  At the Los Angeles premiere of Beastly in a black velvet one-shoulder dress and heeled booties.  Out and about in New York City in a white silk high-low dress.  At the Los Angeles premiere of Project X in a periwinkle mini dress and nude heels. At the Nomad Two Worlds Book Launch in a yellow bandage dress and gold heels.  At the launch of the Kendall and Kylie PacSun Holiday Collection in a cropped white graphic t-shirt and acid-wash jeans.  Out in New York City in a white t-shirt, distressed jeans, and black combat boots.  At her first Met Gala in a gold Topshop gown. At the 2014 Billboard Awards in a white cut-out bodysuit, shiny pants, and metallic heels.  At a book signing event for City Of Indra: The Story of Lex And Livia in a teal suit and metallic heels.   Out in New York City in a red, one-shoulder dress and sparkly heels.  In a green Calvin Klein dress at the Met Gala. Out in Paris in a white blouse, white cigarette trousers, and silver loafers.  At the Palazzo FENDI And ZUMA Inauguration in a red romper and a blue fur shawl.  At the Magnum Doubles Party during Cannes Film Festival in a Versace gown. Out and about in New York City in a t-shirt, black pants, and gold puffer jacket.  Appearing on the Tonight Show in a red two-piece set.  In a floral, off-the-shoulder dress at the 10th Annual Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic at Liberty State Park in New Jersey.  In an adidas Originals by Daniëlle Cathari tracksuit while out in New York City.  In a red, deep-v neck mini dress while out in New York City.  In a grey button-up shirt and grey wide-leg trousers in New York City.  
 Pharrell Williams has a lot on his plate right now—from opening his Miami eatery Swan and Bar Bevy (a partnership with nightlife tycoon David Grutman) to making sure Donald Trump never plays "Happy" at another one of his rallies again. But even in the midst of all this, Pharrell isn't too busy to lend his design eye to the world of fashion. This year was all about his collaboration with Adidas (he released his popular Adidas NMD Hu silhouette), and in 2019, Pharrell is going high-fashion.  Set to debut exclusively in March 2019 at Chanel's Seoul flagship shop before it hits Chanel boutiques worldwide on April 4, Pharrell is teaming up with Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld to produce a full ready-to-wear capsule collection. While no official photos from the forthcoming collection have been revealed, Pharrell teased what we can expect during the Chanel Cruise show in Thailand earlier this week. The collection seemingly melds Chanel's signature luxe aesthetic with his streetwear sensibility, as he sported a bright yellow hoodie with the luxury house's logo stiched all over and "Coco Pharrell" etched right in the middle.  In another photo, Pharrell wears a different hoodie, this time sporting a black, velvet-like fabric emblazoned with the Coco Chanel insignia.   This isn't the first time Pharrell has teamed up with Lagerfeld. The designer tapped Williams for to compose an original song titled "CC The World" for Chanel's 2014 short film Reincarnation. Last November, Williams and Adidas also created an exclusive sneaker for Chanel.
 Taking style cues from from Humaira Waza, Something Navy, Vanessa Hong, and more.  Proven by yours truly, a beautiful scarf can be worn as a top, a bag, and more. But if the Spring 2019 runways are any indication, scarves are heading north. Classic Versace prints were tied around the head like a pirate, Kate Spade New York  premiered vintage-inspired bandanas that are destined to be worn while zipping around Malibu in a convertible, and more designers introduced the scarf as a headstrong trend. And people have taken notice.  And by people, I mean the Influencers with a capital "I" who are embracing the style. From Something Navy's Arielle Charnas to Caroline Daur who boasts 1.2 million followers, all your faves are clogging our feeds with headscarves, and we want in. See seven ways they're all tied up in the look, below.  If you're an entry level scarf wearer, try this easy look. Reach for a long, skinny silk scarf and wrap it around a low ponytail. Pro tip: slip the scarf through an elastic hair tie, do up your pony securing the scarf at the center back, then wrap your scarf into bow at the top.   Bow details 🎀 you can style this scarf in so many different ways! -stay tuned for a styling tutorial A post shared by  Something Navy (@somethingnavy) on Aug 6, 2018 at 2:27pm PDT This one throws it back to an aughties style icon: Lizzie McGuire. The middle school heroine was rarely seen without a tie-dye bandana, nor will you be from here on out. Choose an oversized silk square in a chic print, fold it diagonally in half, and tie it over your hair tucking the center corner inside.   V is for ..... ❤️ Photo @lefrenchystyle A post shared by  Caroline Daur (@carodaur) on Oct 3, 2018 at 2:20pm PDT  If modest fashion informs your style, look to Humaira Waza. She styled hijabs for ELLE.com, and has a YouTube channel that is constantly reinventing the look. Her tutorials give step-by-step instructions for headscarf wearers at every skill level.   Printed hijabs are a must for summer and I absolutely love this one from @a_wanderers_bazaar - it’s a perfect summer toned silk hijab so easy to style a turban with! Hijab from @a_wanderers_bazaar  Make up @summayamua  Model @fatima_bhaimed  Outfit @hafsahj  Watch @mvmt  Enter ‘HumairaWaza15’ at checkout on any @mvmt watch or cuff for 15% off your purchase and free shipping!  #HumairaWaza #HijabStylist #ModestFashionStylist #blogger #HijabiBarbie #HijabTrends #ModestFashion #MVMT #JoinTheMVMT #AD #HW #HWReviews #SayMashallah #TeamNoNazar A post shared by  HUMAIRA WAZA (@humairawaza) on Sep 4, 2018 at 3:18am PDT  This easy look is ideal for going on a leisurely drive. But you don't have to own a vintage Cadillac to wear this look daily. Fold an oversized square scarf in half, place it loosely over your head like Vanessa Hong, then knot it under your chin. Now all you need are black sunglasses and you're Old Hollywood, baby.  Frowing of a diff variety today(btw do we like the scarf wrap?)... @carolinaherrera #chcarolinaherrera #chinsignia #ad A post shared by  Vanessa Hong (@vanessahong) on Oct 31, 2018 at 11:24am PDT Instead of using a silk scarf, try a larger, knit rectangle for this look. Wrap it around your head, then tie a large bow in the front. Like Nneka Julia, we suggest using a bright, solid scarf instead of a printed one. A saturated hue helps define the bow's shape.  An entire town draped in pastel pinks, blues, and greens, everyone in Old Havana knows each other. On your way to buy bread you stop and gossip with neighbors, you peer down from the balcony while you hang clothes or sip a cup of café. After work, you pull up chairs, someone brings the speakers, another brings the rum. You dance, drink, talk, eat. The color of conversation, uninterrupted by glances at FB or IG feeds, turns from black and white to a fiery red. 🥀 #oldhavana #cuba A post shared by  Nneka Julia (@nnekaj) on Nov 15, 2017 at 9:06am PST This look feels plucked off the runway, plus our resident street style photographer Tyler Joe spotted it on the streets of Paris. Use a short, thin, scarf and wrap it down your entire pony tail for a high-fashion hairstyle that isn't contrived.  Details in Paris • #Paris #FashionWeek #PFW #SS18 #StreetStyle by #TylerJoe #NYAVGJOE #NoFreePhotos A post shared by  Tyler Joe (@tylerjoe) on Oct 2, 2017 at 5:47am PDT We've been eyeing Sammi Jefcoate's love for headscarves for a while, so we were ecstatic when she gave a quick IG tutorial on how to copy her signature look. Notice how she pulls out a few face-framing layers of hair to fall below her scarf. It adds a soft, feminine touch to the look. 
 
 What started off as an unusual breed of shoe—with its stretch-knit, breathable fabric made to resemble an actual sock— has quickly become fashion's answer to footwear woes and achieved a full-blown cult following ever since  Balenciaga dropped its own iteration in December 2016. But it isn't just Instagram It girls and fashion's front row who love the hybrid shoe. Cardi B even immortalized Balenciaga's most in-demand sneaker (next to the chunky Triple-S) in her song "I Like It." Thankfully, the sock-like shoe isn't only served up by high-fashion labels like Balenciaga or Vetements. Nike and Reebok have also hopped on the trend. Shop some of our favorites ahead.  You can never go wrong with the OG Balenciaga sock sneakers. This iteration of the brand's iconic silhouette is sculpted with a thicker ankle cuff for added comfort and soft memory foam fabric that envelopes around your foot.  You get the best of both worlds with this bad boy, which combines both the chunky sole and sock-fit footwear trend. F is for fire emoji, because that's exactly what your friends will send you when you drop a picture of your new Fendi x Fila logo sneakers in the group chat. You're welcome.  Lampshading, but make it cozy. Swap out your high-steppers for these over-the-knee sneakers that feel like thick, cozy thigh-high socks but with a sole. Doesn't get much better than that!  These fire red Prada sneakers are designed with a flexible rubber sole and tight, ribbed uppers. Every little step you take is as comfortable as walking around the house in your favorite socks.  The off-white, cut-out, chunky sole takes this runner from simple to futuristic—but won't break the bank.   Just because you're an athlete doesn't mean your foot doesn't need some TLC. Nike's game-changing Flyknit fabric is strategically placed to help stabilize your foot and keep it comfortable during any physical activity.   A fun, teal colorway coated in glitter for those who want to stand out from the crowd.    Alexa, play "Walking on Sunshine." 
 The season’s MVPs: game day–inspired shoes and bags, from a home run of a top-handle carryall to nothing-but-net heels. This article originally appeared in the November 2018 issue of ELLE. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
 Have we reached peak '90s yet?  Here's easy way to get a hundred DMs in five minutes: post a photo of a Delia*s catalog in your Instagram story.  Last week, designer Shaudi Lynn shared a single image from 1995, unleashing a flood of OMGs and LOLs.  “It doesn’t matter what generation you are,” says Lynn. “You can be 18, 25, 35, 45…  every woman knows about Delia*s, whether she owned it, bought it for her little sister, stole it from her older sister, or just saw it on a Tumblr about ‘90s style.” With that kind of brand recognition, reviving the Delia*s label for Lynn's own e-comm empire Dolls Kill was a no-brainer—albeit one that required a hands-off strategy about design. “A lot of people are like, ‘Are you making new stuff?’” Lynn says from her San Francisco HQ. “They think, maybe based on the way we style a lot of things on Dolls Kill, that we’re going to try and make it really edgy. But I had the Delia*s catalogs as a kid; I still have a few of them; I get photos from magazines and from [Delia*s parent company] Alloy. We made a few [new] pieces, but a lot of the key things are because people in the office said , “Hey, I had this. I’ve been trying to find it online and it’s impossible. We need to remake it!” So we did. The throwback hits include a vinyl rainbow miniskirt, striped skater knitwear, and (of course) tiny butterfly clips the color of Skittles. There’s also a butterfly-print denim jacket and matching slim-cut jeans that look straight off Versace’s runway—but priced under $100. “They were an actual pair of Delia*s jeans that one of our buyers found online,” Lynn says. “There are always people who will be like, ‘You copied this!’ but fashion is a circle. Someone always did it before you. Someone will always do it after you.” And someone—namely, the 18-year-old model hanging out at Delia*s HQ—will always think the ‘90s is cool, even if they weren’t born until 2000.    “We run into that question with [the main] Dolls Kill [line] all the time,” answers Lynn. “If you look at our imagery, you think, ‘Oh, that’s like fashion goth.’ But we actually look at the runways. We care about how people are wearing fashion at many different levels. And what we’re bringing to all our lines, including the Delia*s line, is that you can take any one piece and wear it how you want, with whatever you want, so it fits in your own life.” Which means the  Delia*s black-and-white teddy coat could top an #OldCéline black bubble dress, or the mod flower print dress gets layered under a black Aritzia puffer, without any issues—or any serious cash investment, as all pieces are $88 or under. The same can’t be said for the original catalog images. “We thought about wallpapering our LA storefront with pages from the old Delia*s catalogs,” Lynn says. “But they’re so hard to get on eBay. Each one costs hundreds of dollars.” Delia*s by Dolls Kill launches today online or at pop-up stores in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
