 Looking for more sustainable shopping habits? These are the sites to know, shop, and sell on.  In our quest to become more sustainable, we’re constantly looking for new ways to develop smarter, more eco-conscious shopping habits. Despite there being a growing number of eco-friendly fashion  brands to shop, there’s nothing more sustainable than buying vintage. Whether you’re looking for some unique fashion finds or trying to earn some extra money by cleaning out your closet, there are plenty of online consignment sites to both buy and sell on (please don’t just throw out your clothes when you’re done with them!).  Aside from being good for the environment, these luxury consignment sites are also the best ways to score those one-of-a-kind designer pieces that everybody else on Instagram won’t already have. Shop (and sell) all the best below.  If you’re looking to sell items from your own closet, The Real Real makes life easier by offering free in-home pickups so you don’t have to mail your items in to sell. Alternatively, you can ship your items directly to them for free or visit a Luxury Consignment Office for a valuation and drop-off. Then, the site does all the work for you: authenticating, photographing, pricing, and listing your items to sell online. Sellers earn up to 85% commission for the selling price of your items (one of the highest rates in comparison to other sites). If you’re looking to buy, The Real Real boasts an insanely large selection of designer items from vintage bags to shoes, apparel, accessories, and even furniture that any fashion lover could have fun perusing through.  SHOP NOW  A little Louis to brighten your day. A post shared by  therealreal (@therealreal) on Jun 11, 2019 at 6:00am PDT Known for its vast collection of Hermès, Louis Vuitton, Céline and more, Vestiaire Collective is an ideal site for both buyers and sellers of designer fashion. Unlike many other consignment sites, Vestiaire Collective allows sellers to choose the price of the items they are selling. After submitting 3-5 photos, descriptions, item condition and an asking price, your pieces go up on the site, similar to eBay's setup. Vestiaire also offers up tips for sellers on how to price items correctly. As for shoppers, there are plenty of designer gems to be discovered, whether you're looking for shoes, bags, sunglasses or ready-to-wear.  SHOP NOW  New in swag, but make it planet-friendly 🌎. This epic jacket is from the 80s which means it spent almost four decades on this earth before reaching @annarvitiello ♥️ Circular fashion isn’t just fun, it’s necessary. #buysellsharecare #VCcircularitychallenge #VestiaireCollective #Vintage A post shared by  Vestiaire Collective (@vestiaireco) on May 14, 2019 at 9:15am PDT Luckily for non-New Yorkers, Soho's ultra-cool vintage boutique is also available to shop online. The luxury site's curation is top notch—featuring the coolest vintage finds from Celine to Chanel, YSL, and beyond. While shopping vintage online can often be overwhelming, the site's edited trend and curation sections make it easier to find the pieces you may be looking for.  SHOP NOW  Have you visited any of our five locations? Head to our stories to discover the best in-store also known as #WGACAWednesday. Promise not to disappoint. A post shared by  What Goes Around Comes Around (@whatgoesaroundnyc) on Jan 9, 2019 at 2:25pm PST With stores across the US, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Dubai and beyond—LXRandCo is an international sensation. But for those who prefer to shop online, their digital selection is constantly being updated with a wide-selection as well. The site only sells handbags, watches, and jewelry–making the site easier to navigate for those who are on the hunt for cool throwback accessories. Sellers can bring items to one of the many boutiques for in-store for appraisal or submit images online—for cash on the spot.  SHOP NOW    Winter blues? Look extra chic and pack your Hermès scarf when escaping to the Mediterranean. . . . #lxrco #vintage #modernvintage #winterblues #winter #modernvintagestories #dreamingofsummer A post shared by  LXRandCo (@lxrco) on Jan 21, 2019 at 2:32pm PST  Ready to part ways with your old designer bag? Rebag gives sellers cash for designer handbags based on condition, designer and price—right up front. Instead of waiting for the bag to sell, sellers can get a free binding offer, mail it to Rebag with free shipping and get paid immediately within 1-2 days.  SHOP NOW    Whether at the beach or a barbecue, Happy Memorial Day from Rebag. A post shared by  Rebag (@rebagofficial) on May 27, 2019 at 2:41pm PDT  If you don't have a closet full of Saint Laurent and Prada to sell, thredUP is here for you. The site accepts brands like J.Crew and Banana Republic in addition to its designer repertoire. Like The Real Real and Vestiaire Collective, thredUP also takes clothing, shoes, handbags and more, but sellers have the option to earn the selling price back or donate the money to a charity of their choice, so you can feel really good about cleaning out your closet. SHOP NOW  Everyone needs a little @fendi friend! 😍 👜#usedisbetterthannew  #chooseused #fendi #fendibag #handbagoftheday (📸 @alinaandrose) A post shared by  thredUP (@thredup) on May 11, 2019 at 3:00pm PDT Featuring strictly luxury consignment, Le Prix (formerly known as Snob Swap) allows users to both sell and buy previously owned designer items. Sellers can list however many items they wish without cost and then earn 85% of sales. From Chanel to Hermès, McQueen and more, the site offers top designer items for up to 90% off. SHOP NOW  Strut the pavement in style with sneakers from your favorite designers. We’re talking #Chanel, #SaintLaurent and #Louboutin at a fraction of the retail price all on LePrix.com ✨ #linkinbio #leprixstyle A post shared by  LePrix (@leprix) on May 22, 2019 at 10:30am PDT
 The 21-year-old face of Dior opens up in a candid interview with her fellow-supermodel sister.  GIGI HADID:  Fans assume they know you because you’re in the public eye. But what is one thing people would be surprised to learn about you?  BELLA HADID:  That I never go a day without smiling. People always say I have the same facial expressions. But what they don’t realize is that for a long time I looked that way because photographers on set would direct me to look “bored” or “very nonchalant.” But it isn’t necessarily the way I really am. You’ve known me, of course, my whole life. And ever since I was a baby, I was always smiling. GH: It’s funny how people think you’re not a smiler; I’ve seen the comments. But I don’t see you that way at all. I have my own vision of you as someone who is kind, friendly, and very gentle. Does the negativity on social media ever get to you? BH:  For a while I fought a lot of battles—with myself, with people online—and it brought me down. When people would say, “Oh, she’s so mean,” I wanted to say, “Maybe I’ve just had a bad day! Or maybe I’ve just been crying.” You never know what people are going through. "For a while I fought a lot of battles—with myself, with people online—and it brought me down."   GH:  People see a photo on Instagram and assume you are this one-sided person.   BH:  They see such a small piece of our lives, like paparazzi photos of us leaving the house. You know how awkward that is? To walk out of your own home and have 40 people waiting outside. And then you need to smile at random strangers.   GH:  And if you don’t, they’re like, “Oh, she looks like a bitch today.” In fact, though, you have more patience and compassion than anyone I know. I always see you stop for fans. And after a long day of work, you always remember everyone’s name, and you always give people hugs. BH: That goes back to how we were raised. As you know, our mom always taught us that you should treat everyone the same, whether it’s the president or the person working under you. Everyone’s time is important. That’s why I always stop for fans. They could be at home with their families, but they’re not: They’re standing outside our hotel in the cold just to give us a hug. That means something! GH: Another thing people don’t realize about you is that you’re a homebody. "Sometimes I just want to be me for 30 minutes, not 'Bella.'"   BH:  Totally! People think I’m such a party girl, but that’s a thing of the past. I can’t wait to just sit on the couch this weekend! Now that our careers have gotten to the heights that they have and our job is to be around people all day and go to parties, the last thing I want to do on a Saturday night is go out. I just want to be around people who love me. Like you and I play video games, watch movies, paint pottery—all the stupid shit we used to do back in our childhood before we became Gigi and Bella.     GH: What else do you do to stay centered? BH:  Before bed I love listening to meditation music. It helps me zone out and fall asleep. And in the morning I make it a point to keep my phone away from me for 30 minutes so my brain can start functioning before I get completely overwhelmed by the media. Sometimes I just want to be me for 30 minutes, not “Bella.” Lead image: Dior Haute Couture dress and mask; Dior Fine Jewelry ring; Hair: Sam McKnight for Hair by Sam McKnight; Makeup: Peter Philips for Dior; Manicure: Chisato Yamamoto; Production: Sally Dawson and Paula Ekenger; Set Design: Andrew Tomlinson; Retouching: Digital Light Ltd.; Photo Assistants: Simon McGuigan, Jamie Rowan, and Kai Cem Narin; Digital Operator: Lucie Byatt. This article originally appears in the June/July 2018 issue of Harper's BAZAAR.  
 Go to Aspen extremes in style. It's officially ski season. Get in an Aspen frame of mind, channel your best Princess Di on the mountain and do aprés ski right—hot toddy not included. Perfect Moment ski suit, $750, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Smith ski helmet, $140, rei.com.SHOP  Isabel Marant boots, $680, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Schutz boots, $450, schutz-shoes.com. SHOPMoncler boots, $670, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Everlane pants, $140 and sweater, $100, everlane.com.SHOP J. Crew slippers, $30, jcrew.com. SHOP Yves Salomon gloves, $420, and gilet, $2,160, farfetch.com. SHOP Gucci bag, $1,290, gucci.com. SHOP Donni scarf, $174, shopdonni.com. SHOP   Ray Ban sunglasses, $142, ray-ban.com. SHOP Zara faux shearling, $149, zara.com. SHOP UGG hat, $175, nordstrom.com. SHOP Chloe boots, $880, matchesfashion.com. SHOPSaint Laurent coat, $7,490, mytheresa.com. SHOP  Chinti and Parker robe, $655, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Solid and Striped bathing suit, $170, net-a-porter.com. SHOP  Toni Sailer ski pants, $268, matchesfashion.com. SHOPToni Sailer top, $228, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Fendi gloves, $600, ski jacket, $1,950, and helmet, $1,150, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Canada Goose parka, $995, canadagoose.com. SHOP Lacroix goggles, $164, matchesfashion.com. SHOP  Loewe sweater, $1,150, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Rossignol jumper, $329, farfetch.com.SHOPTory Sport sweater, $250, torysport.com. SHOP 
 The pop princess shows off MCM styles the Billie Eilish way. If you haven't noticed, Billie Eilish is having a great July and we're only halfway through the month. After teaming up with her idol Justin Bieber for the "Bad Guy (Remix)," the pop princess is now the face of MCM's fall/winter 2019 campaign, the first campaign from Dirk Schönberger, MCM's new global creative director.  "For me she’s a bit of a role model for younger generations, even though she would probably hate the word,” Schönberger told WWD. “I’ve seen her play concerts and she tells her fans to be themselves without holding back.” Photographed by Lea Colombo, Eilish stays true to her signature style by layering an oversized cream and red MCM tracksuit over a white shirt with the MCM logo written around the neck, and MCM's classic brown monogram bucket hat and fanny pack draped over one shoulder.  Elsewhere in the campaign, Eilish wears an oversized black sweatsuit with red strap on the wrist of the hoodie and on ankle of the pants, paired with a bubblegum pink MCM beanie hat.  "I like to glorify the things that make people uncomfortable," Eilish says in the promo clip posted to MCM's official socials. It's Billie's approach to everything—fashion, music, etc.—that has made her the voice of Gen Z and a perfect match for MCM's aesthetic.    “This is such a strong message at a time where uniformity is somehow on the rise,” Schönberger added. “She’s a game-changer: Not only is she disruptive, but it also feels like she can’t be corrupted. It’s not a marketing trick: She is that person. She really stands out in the current music scene.”  COMING SOON #MCMAW19 A post shared by  MCM (@mcmworldwide) on Jul 17, 2019 at 4:21am PDT 
From: ELLE US

 Cute dresses, tops, and skirts await.  Reformation's style categories have expanded over the past years, going from a sustainable clothing brand that offers just cute dresses and tops to one that also offers jeans, swimsuits, petite-size clothing, and children's clothes. Last year in March, the company even, finally, released a plus size collection with model Ali Tate Cutler in sizes 0 to 22 and XS to 3X. However, the dresses, tops, and two-piece sets were only part of a capsule collection and once sold out, disappeared from the website.  For those who were utterly bummed by this, not to worry, Reformation came back with even better news. Today, the beloved brand announced a permanent size-inclusive collection (!!!). What you can expect from this line: 18 of Reformation’s best-selling styles, including tops, bodysuits, skirts, and dresses (with new things added monthly) starting at $48. The size range is 1X to 3X and 14 to 24. The pieces are currently available to shop on Reformation and will also be on Nordstrom March 29.  Since Ref's extended sizing collection isn't going anywhere, take comfort in the fact you'll have access to crisp white dresses and daisy printed skirts until the end of summer. Below, our favorite pieces to wear for tropical vacations, brunches, and beyond. For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE 
From: Marie Claire US

 From your man on the go to the music fanatic.  From your man on the go to the music fanatic.  These romantic little sneakers have plenty of street cred.  Comme des Garcons hi-tops, $125, nordstrom.com.  SHOP The sleek setup and clear acrylic platter add a touch of the modern to classic vinyl.  U-Turn Turntables, $289, amazon.com. SHOP There's no better day of the year for love poems than Valentine's Day - just take it from the master himself.  The Sonnets and A Lover's Complaint by William Shakespeare, $16.67, amazon.com.  SHOP Sharing a couple of bottles of bubbly with your man has never been easier (or more hangover-free.) Jan Leslie cufflinks, $495, barneys.com. SHOP The minimalist man in your life will appreciate this belt-wardrobe-in-a-box with black and brown options in pebbled and smooth leather finishes and interchangeable silver and gold buckles.   Salvatore Ferragamo reversible belt set, $760, neimanmarcus.com.  SHOP Classic and luxe, this gilt flask has a definitely cool-guy appeal.  True Fabrications flask, $40, nordstrom.com.  SHOP For understated types, the simple embroidery on this black silk tie is just Valentine's-y enough.  Givenchy tie, $195, mrporter.com.  SHOP Upgrade your guy's listening experience with these wireless, call-enabled headphones.  B&O; Play headphones, $400, mrporter.com.  SHOP These retro-style sunglasses are just what your guy needs to finish off every look.  Moncler sunglasses, $410, mrporter.com. SHOP Give a gamer guy something new to play with, thanks to this handy VR headset.  Samsung Virtual Reality, $60, samsung.com. SHOP Skip the love notes and let this sweater do the talking for you.  Gucci wool sweater, $980, mrporter.com.  SHOP This embossed leather bracelet is understated but upscale enough to fit any man's style.  John Hardy bracelet, $295, neimamarcus.com. SHOP For the guy who's ready to graduate from drugstore incense these smudge sticks, made from cedar, desert sage, lavender, and patchouli make for an elegant upgrade. The pretty brass burner they come with doesn't hurt either.  Cinnamon Projects smudge stick and orbis burner, $60, cinnamonprojects.com. SHOP Even the most serious travel buff won't be able to tear up this aluminum-shell suitcase.  Rimowa luggage, $995, bloomingdales.com. SHOP Whether it's an impromptu slow dance on date night or chilling to your beach playlist this summer, this is one gift he'll enjoy all year long.  UE Bluetooth speaker, $200, nordstrom.com.  SHOP The simple, graphic shape of this candle makes it almost (almost) too cool to burn.  Wik Studios candle, $30, shoppopgallery.com. SHOP Give the gift of going off the beaten path. Whether it's crisscrossing the world or just armchair daydreaming, the 700+ curious and uncommon spots profiled here will inspire anyone's wanderlust.  Atlas Obscura book, $21, amazon.com. SHOP For the guy who likes to wear his heart on his sleeve (or lapel) this pin keeps things subtle.  Pintrill pin $15, pintrill.com. SHOP Consider this tiger a little extra protection against chilly winter mornings.  Gucci hat, $520, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP There are physical gifts and then there's the joy of experiences - like tickets to see his favorite team. New York Rangers vs New York Islanders, starting at $70, ticketmaster.com. These tall, sturdy-soled boots are perfect for even the most icy weather. What better way to say "I love you" than with warm toes. Feit boots, $900, feitdirect.com. SHOP Notes of sage, citrus, and (of course) vetiver make for a fresh, sexy scent you'll love to smell on the guy in your life.  Tom Ford Grey Vetiver cologne, $110, sephora.com. SHOP
 Are your socks even designer?  If you've ever scoffed at the idea of getting socks for Christmas, allow Rihanna to introduce you to the Gucci pair you never knew you needed.    Putting all of our sad, mismatched socks to shame, Bad Gal Riri showed off her new white crystal Gucci socks, which retail for a casual $1,340, on Instagram. The Gucci logo socks first made their debut at the fashion house's Resort 2018 show in Milan. And thanks to the incredible superpowers of Rihanna, now even the most frugal of shoppers could probably justify shelling out a thousand dollars for a single pair of socks.  I mean, do you SEE these socks? Iconic . Completing the look, the singer wore a black tank dress with a red, white, and blue puffer jacket. Rihanna let the crystal Gucci socks shine by styling them with a pair of white heeled mules. Of course, this isn't the first time the singer has made a pair of socks cool. Previously, she collaborated with Stance on a sock collection inspired by her iconic red carpet style as well as a holiday collection featuring socks that read "Thottie or Nice?" (another wishlist must-have for us all). If anyone could single-handedly make socks exciting, it's Bad Gal Riri herself. And while she may already have her hands full with her Fenty Beauty collection and the Fenty Puma x Rihanna line, a Fenty sock collection may be something to consider for the future.  Now please excuse me while I go update my Christmas list to include yet another pair of Rihanna-approved socks.
 How to Not Look Basic at a Music Festival 101.  Festival season is in full swing—but for the first time, festival street style is diminishing in interest. For the past few years, the fashion circuit has embraced Coachella style year round (think floral slogan tees, bathing suits as tops and barely-there knitted mini dresses) leaving the actual festival season to suffer from familiarity and indifference. This season, we're taking notes from stylish babes on Insta for a more modern, fashion-forward take on festival wear, with inspiration that can be worn on and off the fields.  Play with ruffles, pleats, and print in an easy, one-step two-piece set. Get the look: Keepsake top, $140, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW  Get the look: Keepsake midi skirt, $175, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Both parts seductive and sophisticated, this zebra print option is fit for an outdoor concert and a dinner date. Get the look: Faithfull the Brand printed midi dress, $200, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW Wear your ruffled mini dress with a pair of trending cowgirl boots for the ultimate juxtaposition, no yeehaw necessary.  Get the look: Ganni cowboy boots, $585, mytheresa.com. SHOP NOW This effortless, casual summer formula is always an excellent idea. Get the look: Dr. Martens boots, $142, asos.com. SHOP NOW By now, we’re sure you’ve embraced the tie-dye trend dominating the market. Opt for two circulating trends at once by pairing it with a scarf-printed skirt. Get the look: Whistles printed skirt, $319, bloomingdales.com. SHOP NOW  Whether you’re an influencer or not, this brighter-than-the-sun dress is certainly worthy of a picture, or four. Get the look: Privacy Please dress, $178, revolve.com.SHOP NOW Make a classic white t-shirt and trouser pairing feel fresh and new with a funky print and 90s inspired platforms. Get the look: Simon Miller printed trousers, $254, farfetch.com.  SHOP NOW Skip the been-there, done-that little white dress and opt for a little white sheer top. Get the look: Superdown x REVOLVE top, $48, revolve.com. SHOP NOW Play up a strapless white topper with trousers that are larger than life.  Get the look: BDG wide leg pant, $39, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP NOW Skip your staple white t-shirts and blue denim and replace them with a slime green t-shirt and tie dyed white jeans for a festival look that is anything but typical. Get the look: Riverside Tool & Dye utility pant, $148, freepeople.com.SHOP NOW
 The duo is joining forces again for the fourth consecutive season.  Gigi Hadid and Tommy Hilfiger have taken their ongoing design collaboration to New York, Los Angeles, and London so far. Next stop on the duo's globe-trotting runway show? Milan. The designer that announced his fourth consecutive collection with the supermodel will hit the runway at Milan Fashion Week on February 25th. The Spring 2018 see-now, buy-now collection will follow the duo's most recent TommyNow show, which debuted at London Fashion Week back in September. Like last season's presentation, the Milan show will include both menswear and womenswear, which will be available to shop straight from the runway.  “My vision for TOMMYNOW was to create a global platform that we could take on tour to bring our show experience to new audiences around the world," Hilfiger said in a statement from the brand. "It’s about the fusion of fashion, entertainment and pop culture with experiences, performances and inspiring interactions that are designed around our consumers. As one of the fashion capitals of the world, Milan is the perfect place to celebrate our next TOMMYNOW show.” A theme for next season's collection has yet to be announced, but past collaborations have been over-the-top productions including the "Rock Circus" show in London, "TommyLand" in Los Angeles, and "Tommy Pier" in New York. No matter what the vibe for Spring 2018 is, you can expect another TommyxGigi extravaganza sure to take over your social media feeds.  What started out as a temporary design collaboration between Hadid and Hilfiger has flourished into an ongoing project that's already spanned four back-to-back seasons due to its commercial success. It's unclear whether the Spring 2018 show in Milan will be the final collaborative show between the designer and the model.
 Serena Williams, LeBron James, Odell Beckham Jr., and others also star in the campaign. Two summers ago, former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick took a knee during the singing of The National Anthem in protest against racism and oppression plaguing the black community in the United States. "I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color," Kaepernick told NFL Media. Since then, the athlete has been both lauded and criticized for his powerful statement—and without a job in the league for over a year.  While many companies would run from a polarizing figure like Kaepernick, Nike's doubled down on its relationship offering the activist a new, multiyear deal and making him the face of the brand's "Just Do It" 30th-anniversary campaign.   Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything. #JustDoIt A post shared by  colin kaepernick (@kaepernick7) on Sep 3, 2018 at 12:20pm PDT "Believe in something. Even if it means sacrificing everything," reads the text over a black-and-white portrait of Kaepernick. According to the New York Times, Nike will design Kaepernick merchandise, including a sneaker and t-shirt as part of the deal. Nike will also donate money to Kaepernick's Know Your Rights camp, which he launched in 2017 to "raise awareness on higher education, self empowerment, and instruction to properly interact with law enforcement in various scenarios." The "Just Do It" anniversary campaign also stars other athletes like Serena Williams, LeBron James, Odell Beckham Jr., Lacey Baker, and Shaquem Griffin. You can take the superhero out of her costume, but you can never take away her superpowers. #justdoit pic.twitter.com/dDB6D9nzaD As expected  Kaepernick's new endorsement deal isn't sitting too well with some people. Miffed former-costumers haven taken to burning merchandise (they presumably paid for with their own money) in "protest."  "Our Soundman just cut the Nike swoosh off his socks. Former marine. Get ready @Nike multiply that by the millions," one man tweeted.  Our Soundman just cut the Nike swoosh off his socks. Former marine. Get ready @Nike multiply that by the millions. pic.twitter.com/h8kj6RXe7j Another took a video of himself burning his Nike sneakers and posed the question: "Since when did the American Flag and the National Anthem become offensive?" Others followed suit, which launched the hashtag #burnyournikes. First the @NFL forces me to choose between my favorite sport and my country. I chose country. Then @Nike forces me to choose between my favorite shoes and my country. Since when did the American Flag and the National Anthem become offensive? pic.twitter.com/4CVQdTHUH4 The NFL has yet to issue a statement in reaction to the news nor has President Trump who has been quite vocal on Kaepernick in the past.  
From: ELLE US

 The brand's collections will be created by its in-house design team until a successor is announced.  Oliver Lapidus is leaving Lanvin after less than a year in the role. The label's in-house team will be responsible for forthcoming collections until a successor is named. In an official statement, the designer was thanked for having "steered the Maison through a transitional period between ownerships." Lapidus will return to work on his own label, Creation Olivier Lapidus. He joined the luxury label—known as oldest surviving couture house—in July last year and has created two collections, neither of which have been received positively.  His latest show, which was presented in Paris last month, was branded "abysmal" by veteran fashion critic Cathy Horyn, while the Guardian said that his eveningwear "failed to capture the insouciant magic" of former Lanvin creative director Alber Elbaz. Having worked at Balmain Homme, as well as his own label, Lapidus had big plans for the business aiming to rebrand it as a "French Michael Kors." However, not long after the designer's first collection was panned, Lanvin was acquired by Fosun, the Chinese conglomerate that also owns Club Med. The conglomerate reportedly invested €100 million ($123 million) to help restore the label's fortunes which have been suffering since before Elbaz was ousted in 2015. Elbaz—a much-loved industry figure who helmed Lanvin for 14 years—was known for his feminine, glamorous eveningwear that was hit on the red carpet and among fashion circles. Regardless, sales dropped (some say because its accessories weren't strong enough), and Elbaz was fired. He was replaced by Bouchra Jarrar, who tried a more fuss-free, androgynous look which failed to resonate with Lanvin customers. She left after 16 months at the helm and Lapidus was hired four days later.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 The legendary designer has been a long-time collaborator with Cher. Throughout her career, Cher's iconic sense of style has been shaped by her many Bob Mackie-designed looks.  From sparkling sheer dresses to a feathered Met Gala look to that famous 1986 Oscars headdress, Mackie and Cher have collaborated on a number of legendary ensembles over the decades. So it's only fitting that the designer has signed on to create costumes for the upcoming Broadway musical, The Cher Show.   In a first look at the upcoming show's costumes, three of Mackie's sketches have been released. Each of the designs represents a different era of Cher's life—from a 1960s-inspired Cher sporting striped flare pants, a fur vest and bangs to a bedazzled two-piece set resembling Cher's 1988 Oscars look.    Set to debut on Broadway this fall, the musical is based on the life of Cherilyn Sarkisian LaPiere Bono Allman (also simply known as Cher)—from her childhood in Los Angeles to her glamorous days on television to selling millions of records and becoming an Oscar-winning actress. Its name pays nod to the icon's former CBS variety show, The Cher Show, which followed her series with Sonny Bono in the 1970s.  The Broadway adaptation has already gained the seal of approval from Cher herself—who broke the news last year on Twitter, writing: "I sobbed and laughed, and I was prepared not to like it. Audience clapped after songs, and gave it standing ovation." Just walked Of the musical✨💖✨I SOBBED & LAUGHED,& I WAS PREPARED NOT 2LIKE IT. AUDIENCE CLAPPED AFTER SONGS,& GAVE IT STANDING OVATION🎂 And now, complete with a Bob Mackie-designed wardrobe, The Cher Show just reached a new level of legendary.    The Cher Show will have a pre-Broadway premiere at Chicago’s Oriental Theatre from June 12 - July 15, 2018 before hitting Broadway this fall. You can visit TheCherShowBroadway.com for more information. 
 Every runway show needs Leslie Jones in the front row.  For members of the fashion set, attending runway show after runway show during Fashion Week can sometimes become a little tiresome, mundane, and stuffy. But today, Leslie Jones dished out a master lesson in how to have the greatest time ever at New York Fashion Week.  While attendees at fashion shows are traditionally silent (aside from a light applause after the finale), Jones lightened up the mood and had some fun in the front row at Christian Siriano's Spring 2018 show today. The SNL writer cheered, hollered, and clapped throughout the entire runway show, shouting "You work, girl!!!" and "YASSS" at the models. And it was glorious.  This sums up our #spring2018 show! @cocorocha and @Lesdoggg being so fabulous. Sound up!!! Video: @MikeNouveau pic.twitter.com/syXNUC85Zf What's better, the clothes at Christian Siriano or watching Leslie Jones lose her mind over the clothes at Christian Siriano? pic.twitter.com/PAmioBoLqh There were looks that took her breath away: And looks that made her scream: Have you ever seen anybody more excited about fashion?  It was a friendly reminder during the often all-too-serious week: fashion is supposed to be fun. Starting a petition to have Leslie Jones in the front row of every fashion show, stat. 
 Your guide to being the best-dressed guest of the season. The warm weather, the flowers in bloom—it's no wonder so many brides decide to get married in the spring. As you enter the coming season, weekends booked up with wedding after wedding, the need for a chic springtime ensemble (or twelve) is paramount. Whether it's an elegant garden party, a destination event or a black-tie affair, here's all the outfit inspiration you'll need for every ceremony and reception on your calendar. When shopping, keep your various weddings in mind to maximize the looks you'll get out of each piece–and splurge on things like shoes, which will transition easily to next season's equally jam-packed wedding circuit. Here, our favorite ensembles to land you the title of best dressed guest at spring's wedding fetes. To subscribe to BAZAAR Bride's ultimate guide to weddings, click here. Spring is here and buds are in bloom–and we suggest you take the themes of the season literally when dressing for warm weather weddings. You cannot go wrong with pastels at celebrations that will most likely take place outdoors, and softer hues feel right for parties that are pre-summer. Come July, you'll likely want to sport brights. Embrace changing seasons with a feminine power suit by accessorizing the look with bold colors; then, add some edge to avoid looking too girly. Alexander McQueen blazer, $2,785, netaporter.com; Alexander McQueen pants, $1,185, netaporter.com; Bottega Veneta clutch, $2,200, neimanmarcus.com; Roxanne Assoulin earrings, $180, netaporter.com; Dolce & Gabbana pumps, $990, mytheresa.com. Channel the '70s or a more free spirited vibe if petite bloom prints and overly feminine florals aren't your thing. Draw out the bolder tones of your print with accessories to avoid sticking to pastel hues that, to you, may seem too saccharine. If you're aiming for a look with this strong a point of view, don't stray from your theme when it comes to the extras–abstract prints, feathers, and tassels all drive home a playful vibe that's more sultry than sweet. Etro gown, $3,320, farfetch.com; Hillier Bartley earring, $107, modesens.com; The Volon bag, $895, modaoperandi.com; Prada velvet platform sandals, $850, netaporter.com.   Take springtime tones, like champagne and leafy greens, to the next level with eclectic accessories that help ladylike dresses transition from sunset ceremony to cocktails under the stars. Michelle Mason gown, $897, farfetch.com; Carolina Santo Domingo tote, $800, netaporter.com; Tohum Puka necklace, $420, netaporter.com;  N. 21 mules, $680, farfetch.com. Looking for a motif that doesn't feel as femme as little blooms or as bold as a tropical print? Celestial details have a dreamy quality that evokes a bohemian whimsy while still feeling sophisticated. Self Portrait dress, $465, mytheresa.com; Maria Task diamond earring, $2,300, netaporter.com; Naeem Khan astrology clutch,  $1,490, naeemkhan.com; Aquazurra slingback heels, $1,250, matchesfashion.com.  Channel the love in the air with bold shades of rouge that speak to the heart emojis you've likely been using to accessorize your captions about the couple. A structured jumpsuit with gold accessories and an ultra strappy sandal make jewel tones feel apropos for warmer weather. Galvan jumpsuit, $1,520, netaporter.com; Natasha Schweitzer earrings, $361, farfetch.com; Paco Rabanne bag, $750, matchesfshion.com; Aquazurra platform sandals, $850, farfetch.com. Dazzle on the dance floor in flirty silhouettes that feel celebratory year round–not just on New Year's Eve. To avoid the look going too Gatsby, stick to a monochromatic palette, and anchor a midi with a sexy sandal, rather than a '20s style dance shoe. Carolina Herrera gown, $10,760, matchesfashion.com; Colville earrings, $430, matchesfashion.com; Marzook orb bag, $2,403, modesens.com; Giuseppe Zanotti sandals, $795, ssense.com. Pair graphic prints with romantic and luxe extras; they soften the feeling of a repeat dot, stripe or floral. For an upscale take, complement the classic color pairing with a jewel tone; a rich emerald feels more on point for spring than a deep oxblood, sapphire or amethyst.  Dries Van Noten dress, $1,785, mytheresa.com; Paola Vilas earrings, $515, netaporter.com; Benedetta Bruzziches minaudière, $2,080, bergforfgoodman.com;  Rochas pumps, $720, matchesfashion.com.  A Grecian-esque silhouette gets new life when mixed with lingerie-inspired lace, giving an otherwise bohemian look an uptown vibe. Add luxe factors to avoid soft, slinky styles from going too boho–like sparkling add-ons and rich textures. Costarellos gown, $3,365, modaoperandi.com; Miu Miu headband, $520, matchesfashion.com; Dolce & Gabbana clutch, $4,315, farfetch.com; Sophia Webster sandals, $450, netaporter.com.    There is no way to go wrong with a LBD–especially when you give it a new look with unexpected, yet playful, extras. For a bit of fun, keep your shoes, bag and jewels thematic without being too matchy-matchy (stay away from jewelry sets and shoes and bags from the same collection). Adding a bit of color and sparkle will take a little black dress from siren to celebratory. Norma Kamali dress, $215, netaporter.com; Suzanne Kalan cuff, $5,700, netaporter.com; Judith Leiber Couture clutch, $1,195, neimanmarcus.com;  Sophia Webster sandals, $539, farfetch.com. Choose vibrant jewel tones and pops of color for daytime dressing in spring for a look that's bound to stand out from the pack. Rather than jump into summer too quickly, mix in the rich fabrications most associated with the cooler months–like velvet and exotic skins–to take a day dress from too-casual to warm weather cocktails. Eywasouls Malibu dress, $380, netaporter.com; Alexander McQueen sunglasses,  $338, matchesfashion.com; Gucci bag, $830, mytheresa.com; Marc Ellis sandals, $226, farfetch.com.
 Two-day Prime shipping come thruuuu.  Continuing to step up its game, Amazon Fashion just introduced another new brand to its shopping lineup: J.Crew.  The two companies are joining forces for a partnership that will let you amp up your next bulk Amazon Prime order with some J.Crew essentials. Launching today, the partnership will entail a curated selection of J.Crew's Mercantile brand (think wardrobe classics like timeless blazers, jeans, tees, and sweaters) that customers can shop directly on Amazon.  A mix of both classic pieces and trendier seasonal must-haves, the collection will feature a range of items all under $300. Along with more affordable price points, the entire J.Crew Mercantile collection is also eligible for free two-day shipping for Prime members (you know, just in case you ever need an emergency blazer at the last minute).  "J.Crew’s mission to engage our customers wherever they want to shop makes Amazon the right partner for J.Crew Mercantile. Their broad-reaching shopping destination supported by our shared interest in service and convenience will introduce the initial collection of colorful everyday basics and fashion to a new audience," Aaron Rose, Chief of Emerging Business at J.Crew, said in a press release from the brand.  Time to get moving on your next Amazon Prime order... SHOP J.CREW ON AMAZON NOW
 The Lizzie Fortunato brand manager takes BAZAAR inside her closet to demonstrate how she brings Texas fashion to Brooklyn.   ​Juliana Ramirez. ​I’m the brand manager at Lizzie Fortunato, a soon-to-be cowboy boot maker, and a photographer.     I live near Prospect Park in Brooklyn. I grew up in Texas.  Absolutely! I actually thought it didn’t because I was so against anything honky-tonk growing up. I’m definitely more into Western wear and have such an appreciation for seeing Western silhouettes on the runway. I feel like I have a really terrible, I don't know if this is the right word, ownership... I feel like it almost belongs to me being from Texas, and that's totally not fair! And of course, my love of cowboy boots comes from being a Texan.  I always liked cowboy boots, but it was more in the “I’m going to the rodeo.” Rodeo is a really big deal. In Texas, if you were “stylish,” in my hometown at least, you would never wear cowboy boots casually in the way I do now. It has a totally different meaning in Texas, which is so silly.     Ever-changing! I truly don’t think I could put my “style” in a box and present it to you with a silk ribbon on top. I thrive off of change and my style is a direct reflection of that.   I always wear my grandmother's necklace and her ring. I feel like I carry her with me. She always had a witchy vibe, I feel like I’m holding some of her powers, if you will. She was very much a Puerto Rican grandma—into all the superstition stuff. I feel like I carry a part of her with me and she protects me through her powers. It sounds so silly but that’s totally how I feel about it.  This [dress] is something my grandmother made for my aunt. It’s a cloak/shawl thing. I wore it as a dress for my 25th birthday. It was disco-themed. I wore high waisted black underwear and a cute bra, and this pair of Celine heels that I have that are destroyed. I really love this thing. I was in Puerto Rico with my grandmother, my aunt, and my mom, going through all of these old clothes and I really wanted this, but my aunt didn’t want to part with it. Two weeks later it showed up in the mail! About a month before my birthday, when I first saw it back in Puerto Rico, I said “That's what I’m wearing!”    This Celine sport dress was probably the best score I've ever found. I think I got it for around $50, if not less. I was like, 'I just robbed you guys, are you kidding?!' It’s the hardest thing to wear. The fabric is heavy. There are probably three days out of the year that I can wear this properly.    Sweaters! I buy way too many sweaters! I’m never satisfied with my sweaters for some reason. I think I have a hard time finding them.    
  Yes, I have this grey sweater that I absolutely love because it's never pilled! I’ve had it for over a year. But yeah, I have way too many sweaters, which isn’t a bad thing here.    Something that I haven’t already seen on Instagram. I’m doing this crazy purge. My best friend and I had this conversation about influencers and personal style. I have this fear of losing my sense of style because I’m constantly being bombarded with images of people who wear certain things. Do I actually like this, or have I talked myself into liking something?  I have the hardest time trying to figure out if I like this thing I’m holding in the store because I’ve seen it so many times, or if I actually just like the thing. It’s been very recent, within the past eight months, that I've been thinking about personal style and redefining what that means to me.       Receiving my first piece from Nikki was something I didn’t realize would end up meaning so much to me. Life has a funny way of working in circles and meeting/working with her was one of them. In Texas, I admired her from afar and funny enough (this is the life working in circles part), when I moved to the city, Nikki ended up being the first person to hire me to do anything. My gratitude towards our friendship grows in tandem with my love for her designs.  The '60s. They have the best tights. I’ve been hardcore shopping online for vintage tights that have really cool patterns—which you’d think would be an easy thing to find but it’s not. It’s easy to find costume tights that are cheesy, but real tights that are really well made and that have a really interesting pattern are so hard to find.     Uptown Girls, more specifically Molly Gunn. I remember that character having such an early, lasting effect on me. Molly’s approach to style was relentlessly frivolous. Individually, her looks had this “I’m not asking for your permission” attitude about them.     
 The athleisure pieces make their debut in motion.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Earlier this year, Jonathan Simkhai and Carbon38 joined forces for an athleisure collection that was the ultimate mashup of runway meets yoga studio. Following the success of the inaugural collaboration, the brands are back with a second installment for Fall/Winter 2017. Featuring 22 pieces, the latest Jonathan Simkhai x Carbon38 collection combines the sporty-meets-sexy aesthetic of Simkhai's namesake brand with Carbon38's signature luxe take on activewear. The end result? A collection spanning beyond your standard sports bras and leggings, instead delving into plush cropped flares, belted t-shirts, and lace-up detailing. Most impressively, however, the collaboration managed to transform a corset into an activewear staple reimagined in the form of sports bras and tank tops.  "My goal is to empower women to lead their active lives in style with pieces that make them feel feminine and unstoppable. Partnering with Carbon38 was a natural step as they understood and embraced my aesthetic. I’m thrilled to have created a collection with them that marries sensual silhouettes with pragmatic fabrics," Simkhai said in a statement from the brand.   The full Jonathan Simkhai x Carbon38 collection is available to shop now at jonathansimkhai.com and carbon38.com. See and shop the full range of pieces below.   Dancers: Alexandria Franklin, Nia Lyons, Nia Parker, Camryn TaylorDirector: Robert Broadhurst; Producer: Andy Zolot; Choreographer: Homer Hans BryantCinematographer: Evan Jake Cohen; Steadicam Operator: Tanner Carlson; B-Camera Operator: Frank Apollonio; 1st AC: Brandon Regina; Key Grip: Ben Hunt; Gaffer: Nicola Guarneri; 2nd AC: Daniel Rampulla; Editor: Robert Broadhurst; Color: Alex Delany, Offsite Productions; Post-Production Supervisor: Flora Guillon; Hair: Yukiko Tajima; Makeup: Mark Edio; Assistant Makeup: Rie Tsukui; Production Assistants: Zak Klvana, Matthew Breda, Gabriella Tierney, Elijah McHenrys; Music: Stardust (Intro) by Zhu; Location: Brooklyn Crossfit: South Williamsburg 
 In honor of a decade in the biz, shop a limited edition capsule collection entitled ‘The One That Got Away.’ Altuzarra is turning ten, and it’s a mark of a great designer that we still want to wear pieces from each of his collections. In the interest of picking favorites, designer Joseph Altuzarra enlisted the help of ten famous friends to create a capsule collection of standout looks from the archives. Entitled “The One That Got Away,” each selected a piece from a past collection they owned. The results are 12 ready-to-wear pieces and 3 accessories, available exclusively at Barney’s in New York and mytheresa.com and altuzarra.com from January 2019. If we’ve learned anything from this, it’s to not let an Altuzarra piece you love go un-purchased—these are some highly collectible pieces. See the capsule on the ladies who chose them below.
 The goods for every grad in your life.  High school, bachelors, or post-grad, we've got the best gifts for every new grad and every budget.  Raise a glass (or two) to your favorite new grad.  Viski by True Fabrications champagne flute set, $27, nordstrom.com.  SHOP You don't need to be a fortune teller to see coffee in your grad's future.  Recover iPhone case, $20, nordstrom.com.  SHOP This simple, geometric bracelet will remain a grad favorite long after the cap and gown come off.  Lane + Lanae 14k gold and diamond wrist band, $1940, laneandlanae.com. SHOP A cuddly-cute friend your grad won't have to take for walks.  Rani Arabella pillow, $450, barneys.com.  SHOP This champagne will last way beyond one night's celebration.  Fornasetti serving tray, $995, barneys.com.  SHOP Help make travel more classy and comfy with this luxurious blanket, eyemask, and sock set.  Lingua Franca cashmere travel set, $425, modaoperandi.com.  SHOP For the (not so) secret genius in your life, this highly-layerable caramel and spice scent will keep the future smelling sweet.  Pinrose Secret Genius perfume, $65, sephora.com.  SHOP Get the fashionista grad in on the scarf trend with this decidedly un-grandma number.  Olivia Wendel silk scarf, $195, shop.harpersbazaar.com.  SHOP Late night study sessions and loud officemates are no match for these comfy, noise-cancelling earbuds.  Bose noise-cancelling earbuds, $259, amazon.com.  SHOP This mix and match set gives a grad plenty of styling options.  Anne Klein watch and bangle set, $150, nordstrom.com. SHOP A simple black chelsea boot will never go out of style.  Marc Fisher booties, $95, nordstrom.com.  SHOP This portable, Bluetooth-compatible turntable will make a music-loving grad's day.  Crosley turntable, $70, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Add glam to a grad's morning routine with a luxe robe.  Olivia Von Halle robe, $860, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP A chunky, signet-style ring with your grad's initials is sure to please.  Chloe alphabet ring, $325, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Help your grad avoid the fast-food-every-night slump with this all-around kitchen gadget with settings for slow cooking, pressure cooking, sauteeing, rice, and more. Instant Pot 6-in-1 cooker, $80, amazon.com. SHOP Creative types will appreciate these funky, pop art sneakers.  Converse Andy Warhol sneakers, $46, amazon.com.  SHOP This sleek clutch is perfect for those all important post-grad interviews.  Brahmin embossed leather clutch, $75, nordstrom.com. SHOP Up your grad's caffeine game (and their kitchen 'grams) with this chic coffee press.  Le Creuset French press, $85, nordstrom.com.  SHOP These soft, pretty sheets will make any new space feel homey.  DwellStudio sheets, $140, nordstrom.com.  SHOP This is one good lucky charm grads can wear for years to come.  Jennifer Meyer gold and diamond necklace, $425, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Give the gift of never having to vacuum again.  iRobot Roomba vacuum, $318, amazon.com.  SHOP Professional and a little playful, this business card holder gives grads a classy way to show off that new job.  Kate Spade card holder, $20, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Whether your grad is headed to the dorms or finally getting out of them, this makeup and jewelry organizer will get her neatly settled into her new place.   Felicite Home acrylic organizer, $33, amazon.com.  SHOP No matter what the major, a black pencil skirt is a wardrobe essential for any grad.  Michael Kors pencil skirt, $695, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Help a new grad travel in  style with a sleek new suitcase.  Calpak carry-on suitcase, $125, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Classes, interviews, meetings - whatever your grad has going on after the cap and gown are gone, this agenda will keep them on schedule.  Fringe Studio agenda, $30, nordstrom.com. SHOP An effortlessly cool bucket bag will hold everything a busy grad can throw at it and then some.  Mansur Gavriel purse, $395, neimanmarcus.com.  SHOP Conservative enough for an office, but cool enough for the weekend, this blazer is a closet staple.  Rag & Bone blazer, $595, saksfifthavenue.com.  SHOP Experienced home cooks will get just as much out of this beloved cooking tome as those who've spent the last four years making instant ramen. Salt, Fat, Acid, Heat by Samin Nosrat, $35,  amazon.com. SHOP Perfect blend of modern and classic, this pearl earring fits any grad's style.  Maria Tash gold and pearl earring, $360, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP
 The Crawford jean is finally here.  If you've ever been on a quest for the perfect pair of '90s-style jeans, chances are you did a million Google searches for throwback Cindy Crawford photos to get inspired. From those classic Levi's to the denim cutoffs she wore in her 1992 Pepsi commercial, the supermodel became an instant denim icon during her breakout decade. And now, she's finally designing a pair of her own.  The supermodel joined forces with denim brand Re/Done for a capsule collection aptly called "The Crawford." The collection—a collaboration between both Re/Done and Levi's—includes T-shirts, sweatshirts, and jeans (some of which are available exclusively through Re/Done's Instagram Stories for the next 24 hours).  Cindy announced the collaboration with a cheeky Instagram video:   Along with The Crawford jean (pictured above), the collection also includes a Cindy Crawford hoodie (available for $260):   A crewneck sweatshirt (available for $235): And short and long-sleeved vintages tees (which are available for $125 and $160 respectively).  A limited amount of pieces from the collection are available to shop now through the Instagram Stories of both @ShopRedone and @CindyCrawford. After today, The Crawford collection will be available to shop mid-September at Barneys New York, Colette, Ron Herman Japan and shopredone.com. 
 The athlete donned a statement-making Off-White look.  Last year, Serena Williams made her post-pregnancy return to tennis in a Nike catsuit that was controversially "banned" from the French Open. This weekend, she returned to the tournament in another statement-making outfit—this one, perhaps, a subtle clapback at critics of her previous look.  The tennis champion hit the courts in Paris in a Virgil Abloh-designed Nike x Off-White ensemble. Sending a powerful message, the two-piece black and white set was emblazoned with the words "Mother," "Goddess," "Queen," and "Champion" in both French and English.   Let the Roland Garros begin. Here is my French Open look designed by @virgilabloh and @nike. A post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on May 26, 2019 at 6:00am PDT Serena debuted the look for her first round match against Russian tennis player Vitalia Diatchenko, which she won. This is the second time Abloh designed a performance look for the athlete to wear to a match—she previously wore an Off-White x Nike tutu dress to the U.S. Open last year. The statement-making jacket comes a year after Williams was criticized for wearing a full-length bodysuit which she dedicated to “all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy.” The full body compression garment was designed to help prevent blood clots—an issue Williams suffered from in the past that led to a near-death experience during the birth of her daughter.  But despite the outfit's potential life-saving functionality, the French Open implemented a stricter dress code right after Williams wore it. Bernard Giudicelli, president of the French Tennis Federation, told Tennis magazine that Serena's catsuit was specifically a problem. “It will no longer be accepted. One must respect the game and the place,” he said. “I think that sometimes we’ve gone too far.” At the time, the tennis champion didn't seem phased by the French Open's decision to implement a new dress code, and her latest look is just another reminder she's still the G.O.A.T.—despite what any of her outfit critics have to say. 
 "Maybe this is something that is needed in a way." Selma Blair's honesty regarding her multiple sclerosis diagnosis has been nothing but enlightening.  In her candid interview with Vanity Fair, Blair lamented the lack of accessible, comfortable and fashionable clothing for individuals with chronic illnesses and disabilities. The actress name-dropped her friend, designer Christian Siriano, as her dream collaborator on an accessible fashion. And now, Siriano has responded in a new interview with People. In many ways, Siriano sounds like the perfect fit for Blair's project, as his line has always been dedicated to making inclusive fashion for everyone. And according to Siriano, the collaboration isn't completely out of the question, as he tells People, "Selma and I talked about it at dinner. What’s happening with her is so unreal, so I was like, 'Well maybe this is something that is needed in a way,' so we'll see. I don't know yet but maybe."  As Blair told Vanity Fair, "I would like to partner with someone like Christian Siriano on a line for everyone—not just people who necessarily need adaptive clothing, but for those who want comfort, too. It can still be chic. You shouldn’t have to sacrifice style. Like, let’s get elastic waistbands to look a little bit better." The Hellboy actress added, "I really feel like people with disabilities are invisible to a lot of people. Because they’re uncomfortable, or don’t have the energy to dress up, don’t want to be seen." If Siriano and Blair do decide to work together, people living with chronic illnesses and disabilities could finally have access to fashion that works for them.
 Treat yourself! No matter how hard you try to withstand the temptation, the four letter word SALE, shines like sunshine in your eyes. Don’t be overwhelmed, we’ve edited down the 17 best sale items this season from ShopBAZAAR.com, at prices that won't break your bank. Whether you’re swooning for that Chloé it-bag, designer slogan tee or the perfect fitting rainbow maillot, we've got you covered. It's the time of year when fashion is at its best, at a fraction of the price. Sensi Studio bag, $255 on sale for $178, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Acne sunglasses, $410 on sale for $205, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Vetements T-shirt, $720 on sale for $360, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Re/Done denim, $345 on sale for $172, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW J.W Anderson earrings, $545 on sale for $272, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Gianvito Rossi mule, $720 on sale for $360, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Attico blouse, $974 on sale for $487, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Caroline Costas bathing-suit, $285 on sale for $142.50, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Marni skirt, $940 on sale for $470, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Tibi tunic, $795 on sale for $477, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Miu Miu phone case, $185 on sale for $92.50, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Johanna Ortiz top, $995 on sale for $398, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Rixo dress, $425 on sale for $212.50, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Ganni top, $360 on sale for $216, shopbazaar.com  SHOP NOW Tibi jacket, $425 on sale for $212.50, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Chloé pixie bag, $990 on sale for $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Vetements sneaker, $840 on sale for $286, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW
   With many warm-weather vacations on the docket to help us get through the winter—we're always on the lookout for well-traveled pieces. That search led us to We Are Leone, a 2-year old brand created by Ruby and Tallulah Rufus Isaacs.  The stylish sisters were born in Los Angeles, grew up in Rome and have since lived in London, Paris, and now Switzerland and Modena. Through their travels around the world, the girls were inspired to create a line of duster jackets that can take you from city to beach. The bold silk jackets, with often eye-catching prints are the perfect piece to up your vacation Instagram game. Below, we chatted with the jet-setting Rufus Isaacs about their vision and what it's like to start a brand with your sister.  Tallulah: The brand originally started while I was living in Paris. I had a store called The Space which was Elizabeth Taylor's old store—I sold everything from emerging brands to art work and art deco furniture. I had a store in Paris and Ruby was designing for a boutique in London called Austiques. The two of us wanted to re-create pieces from our mother's wardrobe that we shared between the two of us for years and sourced fabrics from our many travels—mainly silks from Como. After posting pictures on Instagram of us wearing our creations friends and stores started reaching out, asking us to make pieces for them as well. I later moved to Switzerland for love and closed my shop, Ruby also moved to Modena, and we decided to create We Are Leone and work full time on it.   Co designer @rubyrufusisaacs working away in LA at our fav location 🌵🌵🌵 . . . . .#weareleonegirl #weareleone #la #summer #italy #florence #musthave  #love #dubai #mykonos #greece #sttropez #streetstyle #weareleone #la #summer #musthave #fun #love #dubai  #greece #sttropez #streetstyle #fashion #beauty #chic #malibu #london #coverup #kimono #silk #luxurycoverups #weareleonegirl #musthave #maxicardigan #luxury #summeressential #holiday #milan  #ibiza #holiday #dailymail #beauty A post shared by  WeAreLeone (@weareleone) on Aug 17, 2017 at 1:51pm PDT Ruby: We both do a little bit of everything. We design everything together but each of us bring our own inspiration from things we have spotted in our day and work on incorporating it together. We both use our skill sets from our past experiences to the best of our ability but essentially we handle everything side by side.  Come see us in St Tropez tomorrow, we'll be at the gorgeous @baarandbass for our one day shopping event !!!!! Drinks🍾in store from 6-9pm!  57 Rue Gambetta #sttropez #summeressential #luxury #maxicardigan #musthave #shopping A post shared by  WeAreLeone (@weareleone) on Jul 19, 2017 at 5:07am PDT The best part is that we never fight and we love and respect each other's taste.  We always give one another room for what the other believes in and we think that helps us target more women and different tastes. We both pay attention to very different details and point things out the other may not notice. For example a walk to get coffee in the morning Ruby may notice a beautiful tile pattern on a door step of someone's home or Tallulah looking through a pack or tarot cards and spotting a design she loves. The hardest part - neither of us can think of one! She is easy going, loves to feel comfortable but also be bold. She is ageless. She travels for the love of seeing the world and also for work. She can wear heels or flats and be dressed up or down and still make heads turn in a room. She loves simplicity and quality. She is bright. She is educated and most of all she is strong.  Almost sold out of our red floral maxi ❤️ one of our all time favourites.... #lookoutss18 . . . . #rockybarnes #summer #fall #coverup #kimono #robe #jacket #blogger #vogue #elle #fashion #love #style #icon #travel #jetsetter A post shared by  WeAreLeone (@weareleone) on Nov 12, 2017 at 11:20am PST Cate Blanchett, Zoe Kravitz, Beyonce, Giovanna Battaglia Ruby: Over jeans and a t-shirt and lots of fun accessories. Tallulah: Belted over a body suit as a dress. I let it speak for itself. Our Spring 2018 collection which will be our first season wholesaling ( we have been picked up by the likes of Barneys, Net a Porter, Selfridges, Elyse Walker)  is inspired by our move to Los Angeles and our summer spent in Italy. Finding the unison between American simplicity but being able to wear something to dinner in Milan with slicked back hair and no make up and having the Italian girl who never dares to ask what you are wearing ask.   Repost from @harpersbazaarus and @elysewalker in our Paris Showroom Today with one of our designers @rubyrufusisaacs ✨🎀✨ . . . . . . . #harpersbazaar #pfw #ss18 #fashion #luxury #robe #coverup #blogger #prints #elysewalker #press #glam #designers #paris #fashionweek #pfw #livefashion A post shared by  WeAreLeone (@weareleone) on Sep 30, 2017 at 9:17am PDT  We recently brought on another partner/investor Aiza Quereshi who is based in Dubai. We plan on exploring how to expand into the Middle East and Asian markets which she is our eyes and ears to.
 See one of fall’s biggest trend pieces, styled in three completely different ways. Ask any woman if they have a go-to outfit for a job interview or a first date, and hands down, they do. There's no denying that certain articles of clothing can make you feel instantly more powerful, give you a major confidence boost, or transform you into the sexiest version of yourself.  The menswear blazer, one of this season's biggest trends, is one of them. Watch these three very different women—a BAZAAR editor, an e-commerce director, and an entrepreneur-slash-influencer—style it their own unique way. Check out these trends and more at Macy’s The Edit!
 See the top looks from the season's standout collections. As the Fall 2018 collections unfold in New York, check back as we spotlight the top five runway looks from all the standout collections of the season.
 The Twitter Queen has a new collection of blue light glasses necessary for shading trolls.  It's easy to forget we're not actually best friends with Chrissy Teigen. Whether she's cracking jokes or clapping back at trolls, the model/unofficial Queen of Twitter remains the most relatable celebrity on the Internet—which is why her latest project, a collaboration with Quay Australia, makes perfect sense.  Yes, sunglasses are an on-brand venture for someone who excels at throwing shade, but what's more fitting is that Teigen's Quay collection also includes a range of blue light glasses, to be worn while endlessly scrolling Twitter and Instagram, of course. If you haven't yet tried the technology, which blocks potentially harmful blue HEV light from phone, TV, and computer screens, Teigen will convince you it's time. She credits them with helping alleviate dry, sore eyes and headaches. And if that's not enticing enough, she says she and John wear them "in bed at night while watching TV and scrolling the ‘gram." Consider me influenced.  Along with the blue light glasses, the Chrissy x Quay collection includes a range of the brand's best-selling sunglasses in new retro-inspired shapes and muted tones for fall. True to the brand's affordable price point, all eyewear in the collection ranges from $50 to $60.   Below, Teigen chats with BAZAAR.com about her go-to spec styles (bigger is better), how to avoid Internet burnout, and how she's limiting her kids' screen time.  I've been coming across Quay for years through friends who’ve done partnerships and collaborations with them, and seeing them on Instagram all the time. They sent me a bunch [of sunglasses] and every time I've worn them, I get all these compliments. I have so many pairs of sunglasses in every price range, but it's always the Quay ones that I get compliments on. I was super excited to be part of something with them. I knew the styles that were best for my face, but obviously we wanted a collection that was accommodating of everyone's different styles and face shapes. I tend to lean towards oversized sunglasses because I don't love putting on a full face of makeup every day. We took the brand's shapes that people already know and love and changed the colors to enhance them and make them more my style. We went a little bit darker for fall and there are some mirror sunglasses, too.   They're stylish but also serve a purpose. We're all addicted to our phones, our screen time, TV—we're constantly scrolling something. We want to get people to open their eyes to the fact that these glasses could be beneficial. [After wearing them], I noticed I was getting less headaches, better sleep, and no more sore, dry eyes. I wear them at night when I'm in bed and John wears his so much. He needs a thick prescription, so we’ll both be in bed at night wearing our glasses while watching TV and scrolling the ‘gram.  In 10 years we're going to look back and be like, oh my God, I can't believe we weren't all wearing these things. Everybody notices a huge difference in their sleep when they put their phones away before bed or wear these types of glasses. They’re comfortable, so you’re able to live your life while wearing them, which is good since I do watch TV like 24 hours a day, basically. I wear them while I’m cooking and looking at my computer for recipes too.  It's important to find that balance. My kids now take away a lot of my time, so I'm able to give myself that break. But there are times where I cannot put my phone down. We don't get a break from news these days, but putting my phone down, going out and playing with my kids, and just trying to forget about things for a moment is really important.  These mental breaks are really important. Using the mute feature on Twitter is incredibly important. It’s important to curate your own feed because what we're seeing is all up to us, right? It's who we follow and not something that you can get away from, really. For me, the second I hear certain [trigger] words, I just turn my brain off and I'm like, nope, I'm not finishing this video. I can‘t hear what he has to say anymore. There are certain things that I’ve trained myself not to listen to anymore and it helps a lot. Stress is huge for people these days and it really is going to be such an illness—another thing we’re going to look back on. You have to take care of your own personal mental health. There's some days that you can take it and that's great, but on the days you can't, it's fine to just be offline. You don't have to always be on the grid. You really have to take care of your own personal mental health. You don't always have to be on the grid.  You have to keep them involved in things they love and be a master at distraction. Luna will beg to use my phone, like beg, in bed because there’s an app she loves. But there are certain situations, like when you’re on a plane or in a restaurant, where goddammit, it's going to help those surrounding us. We are not those people that are like no screen time! So, you try to download all the coolest learning activities so at least they're learning something.  It affects kids’ sleep schedules too. Even if they just watch TV during the day, when they go to sleep they think back on it. Luna loves scary stuff and watching Hocus Pocus, and now she's really into the old Mary Kate and Ashley movies. There's a scary Halloween one, and even if she watches it during the day, she'll be scared at night. And the thing is, kids are only crazy about something for a minute. So if you can get through a minute of that screaming and begging while you think of something else like an art project, a book or stickers, they forget they even wanted it in the first place. You have to get super amped about something else and they will match that excitement, and that's how you deal with it.  That was the biggest part of why I wanted to be in this campaign. Not only is the company full of incredible people, but being able to give away a total of $100,000 to ten different people is going to be really incredible. We live in times where it's so hard to get any kind of grant or loan or scholarships for school and people need that. People are excited to be the change in the world, to be able to learn and gain knowledge, but also to be able to have a life where they're able to travel and see the world. This money is going to help them do all of those things. When you're financially set in one part of your life, you're able to enjoy the other parts more too. To be able to pick strong candidates that really embody the entire campaign and want to be the change the world needs right now is going to be fun. It's going to be really hard to choose people because there are going to be so many amazing people that are going to apply to be a part of it—that's what I'm most nervous about, only having ten. Hopefully this is a campaign and scholarship program that continues on with whoever comes after me. But I'm excited to see young people so excited to be the change that we need.
 The "fourth trimester" holistic wellness movement prescribes some TLC. The future duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, started practicing with her yoga-teacher mother when she was seven. These days Baby Archie could get his om on at an even earlier age, thanks to the proliferation of baby-and-me studios like Love Child in New York. Designed for the under-12-months set and their parents, classes teach everything from infant massage and bonding exercises to restorative poses to help parents cope with sleep deprivation. Baby-and-me yoga is just one of the “fourth-trimester” holistic wellness practices adopted by new mothers like the Tot’s Nasiba Adilova.      Another must-have for the first 90 days’ postpartum? A soft cotton tummy wrap from the London-based celebrity obstetrician Gowri Motha. Derived from traditional belly-binding practices in India and Malaysia, these gentle girdles help support internal organs. Devotees of the fourth trimester lifestyle also swear by an Ayurvedic diet, a sequence of nourishing, warm foods intended to help the body heal. Key dishes include kitchari, a basmati-rice porridge made with split mung beans and turmeric; bone-broth ramen; and red curry with sweet potato noodles. Bon appétit.  Natural Wonders From a retractable pacifier to supermom Karolina Kurkova’s botanical washes, the latest baby products are as innovative as they are stylish. 
 Mini-Me Will the “Meghan Markle effect” translate to baby fashion? Perhaps, as a number of her favorite brands now come in pint sizes, including a ballet-flat version of the duchess’s go-to Aquazzura Deneuve bow pumps and a “Mini Givenchy” romper. 
 This article originally appears in the June/July 2019 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, available on newsstands May 21. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR
 20 daily newspapers, 10 cans of diet coke, 7 hours of sleep … The designer shares his schedule. This piece was originally published on March 16, 2012. We’re republishing it now following the news that iconic Chanel creative director Karl Lagerfeld died on Tuesday, February 19, 2019 at the age of 85. The house of Chanel confirmed the news on Instagram, with Chanel CEO Alain Wertheimer writing, “Thanks to his creative genius, generosity and exceptional intuition, Karl Lagerfeld was ahead of his time, which widely contributed to the House of Chanel success throughout the world.” Harper’s BAZAAR editor in chief Glenda Bailey remembered the designer in a touching essay, writing, “The world is a less beautiful place today. Karl Lagerfeld was a visionary right until the end. His mastery—of fabric, design, silhouette, and the very process of creative reinvention—was a breathtaking thing to behold … There will never be another Karl. He will live on in our hearts—and the pages of Bazaar—forever.” Revisit Lagerfeld’s 100 greatest Chanel runway moments here. 8:00 A.M. I sleep seven hours. If I go to bed at two, I wake up at nine. If I go to bed at midnight, I wake up at seven. I don't wake up before—the house can fall apart, but I sleep for seven hours. I wear a long, full-length white shirt, in a material called poplin imperial, made for me by Hilditch & Key in Paris after a design of a 17th-century men's nightshirt I saw at the Victoria and Albert Museum. The first thing I do when I get up, I have breakfast. I have two protein shakes made for me by my doctor—they have a chocolate taste and no sugar, of course—and steamed apples. That's all. I don't like anything else in the morning. I never drink anything hot; I don't like hot drinks, very strange. I drink Diet Coke from the minute I get up to the minute I go to bed. I can even drink it in the middle of the night, and I can sleep. I don't drink coffee, I don't drink tea, I drink nothing else. I do most of my reading in the morning. I have a special canopy for that, near the window, where I can see the Louvre and the Seine. I only read, look at books, and sketch. And daydream—daydreaming's important too. At night there are the dreams too, but I don't have too many. I read the French, English, and some American papers, some German papers, Women's Wear—quite a lot. I read on paper; I prefer that. "I drink Diet Coke from the minute I get up to the minute I go to bed." 11:00 A.M. I have my hair done because I hate to have hair in my face when I sketch. My hair is not really white; it's kind of grayish, and I don't like the color. So I make it totally white with Klorane dry shampoo. That is the best thing to do because my hair is always clean.  12:00 P.M. I don't get dressed and take a bath until lunchtime because I am doing a dirty job, painting with colors. So I wear my long nightshirt; it becomes kind of like a painter's smock, then it goes to the laundry. I have everything—sheets and nightshirt and robes—changed every day. I like everything to be washable, myself included. I like antique lace, antique sheets, beautiful quilted covers, but everything is white. In white you can hide nothing. Most people don't use this kind of sheets and things because it's very difficult and very expensive for the upkeep. But it's such a pleasure to go to bed in the evening in a beautiful bed with beautiful sheets and beautiful pillows, everything flawless, in a freshly pressed, long white smock. It's perfect. When I'm ready, I soak in the bathtub, if you really want to know. I used to have a product I loved, by Shu Uemura, but they don't make it anymore, so I found a French product that softens the water; it's a hundred years old. I put half a bottle in the bathtub. I exercise very little because my doctor said it's not necessary. I did a lot when I was very young, and all you do when you're young stays. So it's not the problem as with people who started later. I'm very flexible; I have no problems. "I exercise very little because my doctor said it's not necessary. I did a lot when I was very young, and all you do when you're young stays." My latest uniform is actually two looks—a special jacket with tails made by Dior, but not what you wear for weddings. I have them made in tweed and things like this. Then I have another jacket I love from the new Dior men's collection that I bought five of, so people think I wear the same thing every day, but in fact it's never the same thing. And then I wear jeans; at the moment they are from my new collection. They are dark gray with my face, my profile, printed in black on them, but you really have to look at it to see it. My dressing room is so full that I can only wear what I see on top of all the racks. I still have all my clothes from 10 years ago from Dior, but I think I will give them back to Dior for the museum. I have pieces that are unique pieces that I will never wear again, because life is different now, you know. I used to fax a lot, but people don't have faxes anymore. I never have lunch, but when I do, I ask them to bring it to me in the house. I actually have two houses. This house here, it's only for sleeping and sketching, and I have another house two-and-a-half meters away for lunch and dinner and to see people, and where the cook is and all that. I don't want that here. Even if the place is huge, I want to be alone. If I want something, I call them, and they're next door, they come. The studio is next door, the office is next door. If I have guests and butlers, I don't want them in my house. Everything is next door. 4:00 P.M. I have two drivers and several cars. I have a driver who in the morning does the shopping for me and brings the newspapers, and another one, Sébastien, who is also my secretary, who is free in the morning and works in the afternoon and late in the evening. On my way to the Chanel studio, I like to look around, I like to look at Paris. I never get tired of Paris. A lot of people are on the phone all the time; they don't see anything anymore. It's true. I like to watch. I go from here to Galignani, my favorite bookshop, and then to Chanel, and then to Colette, and sometimes to the Dior men's shop. I don't go to too many shops. 5:00 P.M. I arrive at the studio very late in the afternoon because I want the première to stay in the workroom with the workers during the day. If they are in the studio with me, they don't supervise the work. I go there from five to eight, half-past eight. I'm very quick and organized. The way I sketch, the way I work, I prefer to do all my work in the evening or in the morning and during the weekend, and I send everything on the iPhone. I'm not there in the studio draping—I don't do those things. My work is very conceptual. "I actually have two houses. This house here, it's only for sleeping and sketching, and I have another house two-and-a-half meters away for lunch and dinner and to see people, and where the cook is and all that. I don't want that here." 9:00 P.M. Dinner depends on the day. I don't go out that much because I'm always late, and I'm so busy and so pleased with what I'm doing that I'm not really ready for a social evening. That's over—the people I was going out with are dead or don't exist anymore. Sometimes I go to La Maison du Caviar, but most of the time I have dinner in the Rue des Saints-Pères house and come home after that. I hate the word routine. What I hate most is when you have to look at your watch and get in a hurry to change for dinner, if you have an important dinner. Every dinner is important; you should never be without a dinner, but this I'm a little tired of. I did a lot of it in my life. To unwind, it depends on how tired I am. Sometimes I read a little bit. Lately, I play with my cat, Choupette. The cat always stays home, and when I leave, the maid takes care of her. The cat is like a very refined object; she doesn't go into the street, and she doesn't go to other places. She is a spoiled princess. Related Video: The Comedown with Karl Lagerfeld
 Halloween but make it fashun.  As Halloween quickly approaches, it's time to get your costume on lock. For the fashion girls who don't want to sacrifice style, there's nothing better than a costume you can mix with pieces from your own closet—and maybe even wear again. From the timeless Holly Golightly to Karl Lagerfeld and his cat Choupette, get inspired by these fashion-inspired costume ideas. Plus, shop the pieces to get each look.  Grab your significant other or BFF and go as fashion's chicest duo: Karl and his beloved cat, Choupette.  Key Pieces: Fingerless leather gloves and sunglasses for Karl; white cat ears and faux fur for Choupette Baobao cat ears, $4, amazon.com. SHOP NOW Chanel sunglasses, $390, chanel.com. SHOP NOW Karl Lagerfeld x Kaia gloves, $115, revolve.com. SHOP NOW Thanks to fashion's ongoing '90s nostalgia, our favorite Clueless looks are extremely on-trend this season. Whether you're more of a Cher or Dionne, you can re-wear either checked skirt suit all fall long.  Key Pieces: A Plaid Skirt Suit and Thigh-High Socks Target socks, $2.50, target.com. SHOP NOW Boohoo blazer (yellow), $16, and skirt, $16, boohoo.com. SHOP NOW Boohoo blazer (black), $25, and skirt, $16, boohoo.com. SHOP NOW There are an endless amount of movie costume opportunities to choose from, but Gwyneth Paltrow's The Royal Tenenbaum's character remains one of the most glam of all. And even better, it gives you an excuse to buy a new faux fur coat for the season.  Key Pieces: Fur Coat, Gloves, and a Red Barrette  Topshop faux fur coat, $150, topshop.com. SHOP NOW France Luxe barrette, $12, amazon.com. SHOP NOW It takes two to go as fashion's favorite twins. All you need are some oversized clothes (preferably in black), black sunglasses, and several Starbucks cups in hand.  Key Pieces: Oversized clothing, Black Sunglasses, and a Starbucks cup Need Supply sunglasses, $98, needsupply.com. SHOP NOW Lou & Grey duster, $89, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW ...and a Starbucks cup from your local Starbucks ☕ We'll never tire of Blair Waldorf's Upper East Side schoolgirl look. Add a preppy headband to your favorite fall blazer and you're good to go.  Key Pieces: A headband and plaid blazer  Bella Headbands headband, $14, etsy.com. SHOP NOW Topshop blazer, $75, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Go bold or go home as one of fashion's most recognizable faces. All you need are some round oversized glasses and an overload of statement jewelry and you're ready to do Iris Apfel proud.  Key Pieces: Large Round Specs and Statement Jewelry  Womens Mod vintage glasses, $10, amazon.com. SHOP NOW Rara Avis by Iris Apfel bangle, $40, hsn.com. SHOP NOW Rara Avis by Iris Apfel necklace, $70, hsn.com. SHOP NOW It's all about the jewelry and makeup for Elizabeth Taylor's take on Cleopatra. Think bold turquoise shadow and gold sculptural snake bracelets (Amazon has a ton of options).   Key Pieces: Snake jewelry, Dramatic winged liner, and Jeweled braids Crafts of Egypt Cleopatra necklace, $17, amazon.com. SHOP NOW Elope snake bracelet, $13, amazon.com. SHOP NOW Make Up Forever turquoise eye shadow, $17, sephora.com. SHOP NOW  An easy, last-minute classic is always Audrey Hepburn's iconic Breakfast at Tiffany's look. All you need is a little black dress and some pearl and rhinestone accessories.  Key Pieces: Little Black Dress, Black Gloves, and Pearls Rosemarie Collections tiara comb, $10, amazon.com. SHOP NOW Charter Club faux pearl necklace, $20, macys.com. SHOP NOW Jacobsen Hat Company gloves, $8, amazon.com.  SHOP NOW
 We're taking notes for the winter months ahead.  Whether they're rocking puffer coats or lots of layers, the Russian style set know a thing or two about how to stay warm. 
 "Cash inside."  Many of us guard our handbags with our lives, but when you reach a certain level of rich, you buy a $1,300 designer bag, fill it with cash, and dare the plebeians to come open it. A new goal to work toward, kids!  Off-White's latest collection of bags takes its tongue-in-cheek "logo" designs to another level. Its new range is emblazoned with the words "cash inside," along with literal directions to open the bag—making it a thief's dream come true.    Do people even carry cash anymore? All that's in my purse are old receipts, gum wrappers, and 10 different lipstick shade options. Maybe that's part of the joke that rich people are playing on us all. Or is Virgil Abloh simply trolling us? Who's to know for sure, but either way, you can expect these bags to fully dominate the street style scene come Fashion Month this September.  The bags come in five sizes and styles—from a classic shoulder bag that's available for $1,035 to a mini cross-body version that retails for $609. But can you really put a price on daring people to rob you in this economy? I think not.  Cash, it seems, is trying to stage a comeback in the fashun world this season. Along with Abloh's new crop of Off-White bags, earlier this week, Alexander Wang debuted his latest campaign featuring Anna Ewers sitting on a couch full of cash. You heard it here first: The vintage form of money is now chic again. Your credit cards and Apple Pay are shaking.   She's not a paper chaser. She's a money maker. - Presenting #TheWangHustle, starring @annaewers in Collection 2 2019. - Shop the collection online and in-store worldwide. - Photo by @hugocomte Styled by @haleywollens A post shared by  alexanderwang (@alexanderwangny) on Jul 23, 2019 at 8:48am PDT
 Add these pieces to your closet ASAP. Now that we're past the doldrums of winter, it's finally time to start thinking about spring. While wearing sundresses and tank tops may still be a little ways away, accessories are one area where you can start warming things up.  Here, five of the biggest spring accessories trends that you can start wearing immediately. There's a little something for all tastes, from raffia details for the boho babe to minimalist sandals for the city slicker. Materials like raffia and woven straw instantly bring a warm-weather vibe to any outfit. These earthy colors and natural textures really pop against bright white, but also look great with pastels and darker neutrals. The big throwback of the season are minimalist sandals reminiscent of the 1990s and early 2000s. Think thin straps and simple, neutral colors. Inject a futuristic feel into your spring look with crystal clear PVC details. Maximize the otherworldly look with metallic accents and an eyeliner in an unexpected pop color, like teal or hot pink. The fanny pack of yore gets a new life in the form of a belt bag. There’s only one way to style it, though—wear like a crossbody for a cool street-style look. One of the most prevalent trends this season has been brewing for a while. Handcrafted and artisanal touches are considered the new luxury, and their arty effects have been popping up everywhere from bags to earrings.
 Plus links to buy now, of course... A little black dress or Le Smoking suit is always on par for the party scene, but who says holiday dressing has to be so cut and dry? From pink jackets to leather dresses, here are some not-so-basic ideas for giving festive a whole new name this holiday season. Come out of your comfort zone and put on something bold, or sparkly. We love the mix of bare skin and easy hair with a super bold pink Versace look. If a whole suit feels like a lot, ease in with a vibrant jacket paired with jeans or basic trousers.  This jacket will get you looks and compliments. A little white dress and diamonds or crystal jewelry is such a classic holiday mix, but it never feels tired. Just look at Rihanna. This fetching dress works for occasion dressing, but is also great for any weekend affair.  Put a little bling on it... While certainly a staple, red velvet never had it so cool as in this mini Khaite dress on Anna Baryshinkov.  This is our childhood dream dress, all grown up. While wearing black to a holiday party may not seem revolutionary, this mix of proportions on Kaia Gerber is what makes the look. It's all about a flare pant and unbuttoned-from-the-top blouse. Unbutton as many buttons as you wish... While not every woman is down for some sequins, it can't hurt to let yourself shine every now and then... Officially not for the wall flower. Is there anything cooler than a slinky skirt and your boyfriend's button down? Elsa Hosk proves probably not in Balenciaga. This unisex shirt will give you that bf vibe without going too oversized.  Turn the holiday blues around once and for all.   Bring that ladies-who-lunch posh to any party. Paired with jeans, a great boucle jacket, like this one by Chanel on Katie Holmes, is always a good idea. White pumps complete the fresh look. A true staple, in long or short. Wear for holidays and beyond... We love that this Bella Hadid look is menswear-inspired by way of pinstripes, but couldn't be less boyish in shape. This subtle flare and fitted silhouette make these trousers so much more than workwear. Try them with a fitted waistcoat. Make a seasonal statement in leather a la JLo in this Zimmermann look. Top off this or any other look. A true statement piece that will never look dated. 
 Moncler Genius unveiled another stunning collaboration with Valentino's Pierpaolo Piccioli. The Internet has been collectively losing it over the now-viral "Amazon Coat." But for those looking for something a little less basic from their outerwear, allow Moncler to introduce you to puffer coat couture gowns.  Bringing their "Moncler Genius" design series to Milan Fashion Week for a second time, the brand unveiled a series of avant garde puffer coats in collaboration with designers including Richard Quinn, Simone Rocha, and Valentino's Pierpaolo Piccioli. Standing out as the most grandiose of them all was the capsule with Piccioli, which brought forth a series of dramatic puffer couture gowns. Done in collaboration with model Liya Kebede, the Moncler x Piccioli gowns tapped eight Ethiopian artists from Kebede's ethical fashion brand, Lemlem, to bring the designs to life. The end result? A breathtaking collection of colorful puffer coat gowns that would make any of us happy to bundle up. Scroll down to see the stunning lookbook from the latest Moncler Genius presentation. 
 Do I need medical attention or are these Croc-inspired heels actually cute?  In its latest quest to make fetch Crocs happen, it seems Balenciaga may have actually succeeded. I know, I know, these are the same shoes that kids wear to Disneyland and your grandma wears due to doctor's orders, but Balenciaga's latest take on the rubber footwear is surprisingly chic.   The brand introduced a Croc-inspired, hot pink stiletto pump that looks straight out of Barbie's Dream House. The ultra-pointy rubber heel somehow even manages to look cool with its kitschy, Croc-inspired pins and embellishments typically reserved for those who still partake in recess.  Despite the fact that these shoes look half Croc, half real-life Barbie shoe, I still think I want a pair (yes, I still have 911 on standby, just in case). First of all, they're great for gardening my dying apartment plants in:  A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Jul 17, 2018 at 6:12am PDT And you can also hear the sound of the apocalypse coming when you put them up to your ear: A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Jul 4, 2018 at 6:43am PDT Of course, the price of the Croc-inspired heels has yet to be announced, but you can expect them to go for slightly higher than a pair of $40 Crocs (think upwards of $1,000). It's unclear whether this is a collaboration with Crocs, or if Balenciaga just took inspiration from the shoe, but this isn't the first time the fashion house has introduced it's luxury take on the rubber footwear The brand previously sent sky-high platform Crocs down its Spring 2018 runway, but those shoes were slightly less wearable than the new Barbie pink stilettos.  If the Year of Our Lord 2018 has taught us anything, it's that the most insane of things is possible, even a pair of Crocs looking decidedly cool. A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Jun 29, 2018 at 5:41am PDT
 The group stars in an unretouched campaign as the new #AerieREAL Role Model family.  Back in 2014, Aerie committed to Photoshop-free ads—becoming a major player in fashion's body positivity movement. The lingerie brand has since tapped model Iskra Lawrence to front many of its campaigns, appointing her as a positive #AerieREAL Role Model.  Today, the brand announced the expansion of its #AerieREAL Role Model family with three new faces: actress/activist Yara Shahidi, Olympic gold medal gymnast Aly Raisman, and singer Rachel Platten. Joining forces with Iskra, the three young women appear together in Aerie's latest unretouched campaign for Spring 2018.     “Yara, Aly, Rachel, and Iskra truly embody AerieREAL and what it means to be strong, confident, and happy in your own skin. At Aerie, we believe in authentic, real beauty and never airbrush our models. Now, more than ever, we want to encourage women everywhere to feel empowered to embrace their own unique qualities and beautiful REAL selves," Jennifer Foyle, Aerie Global Brand President, said in a statement from the brand.  In addition to the spring ads, all four Aerie Role Models will further the brand's mission of female empowerment by speaking on "Real Talk" panels at Aerie stores across the country and designing a range of products with 100% of sales benefiting a charity of their choice. The exclusive designs by Yara, Aly, Rachel, and Iskra will be available to shop at Aerie starting this March.  SHOP THE ROLE MODELS' FAVORITE AERIE PIECES SHOP THE ROLE MODELS' FAVORITE AERIE PIECES With Yara's activism, Aly's brave account of her sexual assault, and Rachel's empowering songs, the three women make for the perfect additions to Aerie's feel-good, inspiring family of young role models.  
 
 The designer's star power is unstoppable.  Burberry's Spring 2019 show was undoubtedly one of the most anticipated shows of this year. With Christopher Bailey's departure after 17-years at the heritage brand, the reigns were passed on to Givenchy's former Creative Director Riccardo Tisci.  At Givenchy, the Italian designer was known for his romantic goth-inspired designs and celebrity-studded front rows. His power in Hollywood was also felt on the red carpet with countless iconic sartorial moments with some of the most stylish women in the world: Beyonce at the Met Gala, Cate Blanchett at the Academy Awards and Adele at the Grammys.  Tisci is bringing that same star power to the house of Burberry. Many of his former Givenchy muses like Rihanna and Madonna were quick to hit the streets in his new trench coats. The designer showed many iterations of the brand's most iconic item for his debut in September.  Tisci's debut show ran the gamut from classic suiting, whether with pants or skirts, to gowns and the coolest streetwear looks in between. The designer's most ardent supporters like supermodel Mariacarla Boscono was the first to wear one of the brand's new cocktail dresses to the amfAR Milano gala a week after she walked the Burberry runway. It Brit Carey Mulligan was sported around town showing us how best to wear the Burberry leather trousers—and M.I.A. so expertly hit the red carpet in one of the brand's newest streetwear looks.  Bureberry also created several custom looks for Beyonce for her On The Run II tour. An all-over Burberry check ensemble, as well as this corseted bodysuit with pearl embellishments and a matching studded trench for a classic nod to the brand. With award season quickly approaching we imagine we'll be seeing a lot more Hollywood's biggest Tisci-supporters in custom looks. 
 The Angels take Shanghai. The day has finally arrived! Despite rumored hiccups, the Angels took over Shanghai today for another lingerie spectacular, with special performances by Harry Styles, Miguel and more. Click through to see the extravagant costumes worn by all your favorite VS angels.  Candice Swanepoel Adriana Lima Leomie Anderson and Liu Wen Alessandra Ambrosio and Lily Aldridge Josephine Skriver Martha Hunt and Stella Maxwell Devon Windsor Maria Borges and Alexina Graham Cindy Bruna Sara Sampaio and Elsa Hosk Aiden Curtis and Daniela Braga Adriana Lima Hereith Paul and Grace Bol Karlie Kloss Stella Maxwell Kelly Gale Frida Aasen Barbara Fiahlo Lily Aldridge Roosmarijn de Kok Aiden Curtis Bella Hadid Georgia Fowler Daniela Braga Karlie Kloss Ming Xi Martha Hunt Sara Sampaio Estelle Chen Zuri Tibby
 The sci-fi superstar paints the town red. Plus, see a day in the life of the actress here.  At the Spotted Pig, the New York gastropub as celebrated for its famous patrons as for its char-grilled burger, the arrival of an actress best known for her work on the CW series The Vampire Diaries normally wouldn’t cause much of a stir. But when Nina Dobrev makes her entrance on a lovely evening in June, heads do turn—and not just because she is channeling Jackie Kennedy in an oversize pink coat by L.K. Bennett and Dior sunglasses. Dobrev’s canine companion, Maverick, an adorable and impeccably well-behaved border collie–Australian shepherd mix, is garnering her own fair share of attention. “I call her the world’s chillest dog,” Dobrev says as she settles into a corner booth with the puppy, who’s named, of course, after Tom Cruise’s character in Top Gun. She adopted Maverick from a shelter a few months back while still grieving the death of her beloved cat, Lynx (immortalized in many an Instagram post). “She rescued me as much as I rescued her,” adds Dobrev. “I was so lost after Lynx passed, but Maverick brought me back to life.” "The things I want to do now aren't necessarily the things that are expected of me. I don't want to play a teenager anymore." The actress, 28, who plays a medical student who embarks on a group near-death experience in this month’s supernatural thriller Flatliners, is feeling under the weather. “I thought it was food poisoning, but today my throat just hurts and my head hurts,” she says, ordering a hot toddy. “I also had an IV this morning,” she offers, showing off the tiny hole in her arm and heartily endorsing the treatment, a nonprescription pick-me-up. “I got an anti-inflammatory, antinausea megadose of vitamin C and electrolytes, and I added B12 and something else.” When I reassure her that she’s the picture of health—angelic, in fact—she shakes her head. “Women are lucky because we get to cover it with makeup. You should have seen me 20 minutes ago!” Despite years in the limelight—six seasons on The Vampire Diaries and four before that on Degrassi: The Next Generation—Dobrev is intent on maintaining her regular-girl humility. Her family emigrated from Bulgaria to Toronto when she was two, and they struggled financially for years. “We didn’t come from money,” she explains. “In the beginning, we lived with another family in a one-bedroom apartment. My parents had to work really hard.” While her friends all had “elaborate wardrobes,” she says, her family shopped at a local thrift store, Value Village. To take the sting out, her mom nicknamed the store “Versace.” Meanwhile, the adolescent Nina pored over self-help books—“The Secret or something like that”—and willed good fortune to come her way. It seems to have worked. “Eventually I got to go to an actual Versace fashion show and sit in the front row,” she says. “And now I go to vintage stores on purpose. It’s funny how your perspective changes.” That modest background helped shape her political views as well. “I come from an immigrant family, and I think it’s unacceptable to treat anyone like that,” Dobrev, who now lives in Los Angeles, says of Donald Trump’s “build the wall” rhetoric. “Hopefully he’ll get impeached. Or indicted. Or both. He just doesn’t act like a president. He acts like a reality star on a terrible, horrible show that should never be aired. And he’s responsible for incredibly important decisions for the country that I live in, so my opinion does matter whether or not I had a chance to vote.” Still, Dobrev knows that her vocal support for Hillary Clinton may have cost her a few fans. “Whenever I did one of those posts, I was inundated with negative comments, some of the most horrific things I’ve ever seen written,” she says. “But I’m entitled to my opinion, and if you don’t want to see the things I’m saying, don’t follow me.”  Besides, there’s plenty of other material on Dobrev’s feed—most notably the videos of her engaging in various daredevil adventures: skydiving, rock climbing, bungee jumping, swimming with sharks, wakeboarding, and even riding a water-powered hoverboard. During one Vampire Diaries hiatus, she even backpacked alone in Europe and East Asia without having booked a single hotel room or planned an itinerary. “My rule of thumb is, I’ll try anything once,” she says. “I have a healthy—or possibly unhealthy—obsession with trying things for the first time.” Despite the show’s rabid fan base around the world, Dobrev went totally unrecognized. “Nobody imagines me to be by myself backpacking, so they just think, ‘It can’t be her.’” It’s a pretty bold list of hobbies, especially for someone who says she gets anxious when she’s away from her puppy. But that seeming contradiction—the tension between Dobrev’s grit and her vulnerability—is what makes her so appealing onscreen. Which isn’t to say she’s fearless in real life: She almost bailed on that bungee jump at the last second. “Every cell in your body is like, ‘Why would you do this?’ ” she says. “Plus, unlike skydiving, you can see the rocks clearly and imagine what would happen if you went splat.” Of course, Dobrev’s most infamous leap into the unknown was her decision in 2015 to leave The Vampire Diaries, sending fans, costars, and network executives into a tailspin. Though it seemed like a surprising choice, Dobrev insists that she never considered staying beyond her six-year contract. “That was the plan from the get-go,” she says. “If anything, the fact that [leaving] terrified me drove me even more. I needed to feel that fear of ‘Oh, my God, what if I never get a job again?’ That just made me want to work five times as hard to make sure that didn’t happen.” "I have a healthy—or possibly unhealthy—obsession with trying things for the first time." Her roles since have been sparse (xXx: Return of Xander Cage and the upcoming Crash Pad and Departures), but that’s only because “the things I want to do aren’t necessarily the things that are expected of me,” she says. “I don’t want to play a teenager anymore. I want to play adult roles and be challenged and work with great filmmakers and tell incredible stories, and that has meant being really picky.” Dobrev has also been working behind the scenes. She’s set to produce one movie and co-write another, and she’s also directing a short film. Meanwhile, she’s in New York to hone her comedic chops, taking an Improv 101 class with the Upright Citizens Brigade. A few days after our dinner, she’ll appear in the final showcase, scrambling with a classmate to invent a sketch on the fly based on a word suggested by an audience member. But even with her bona fides on TV and the big screen, Dobrev is nervous. “It’s scary. I might crash and burn, but that’s how I’m going to get better at it,” she says. The medical students in Flatliners take some pretty crazy risks too, inducing their own near deaths in order to investigate the afterlife. As for Dobrev, she thinks we’re simply not meant to know what happens when we die. She mentions a widely held theory of reincarnation. “It’s like people say, if you do something really bad, you come back as an animal, but I think it’s the opposite,” she says, giving her puppy’s neck a good scratch. “Right, Maverick? When you fulfill your destiny and do everything you were meant to do, maybe that’s when you come back as a dog and get to eat and sleep and cuddle all day and have the best life ever!” Lead Image: DKNY jacket, $149, sport bra, $39, and pants, $89, dkny.com; Casato ring, $6,750, and choker, prince upon request, casatogioielli.com.; Hair: Peter Butler; Makeup: Matin; Manicure: Elle; Production: Allison Lange for Rosco Production. Special thanks to the Viceroy Central Park, Kingside, and the Roof, NYC, and Rolls-Royce.
 Jacquemus debuted an even tinier micro bag at Paris Fashion Week Honey I Shrunk the Kids, but make it fashion. Mini handbags have been reigning supreme for the past few seasons, but the trend continues to shrink smaller and smaller. Kicking off Paris Fashion Week, Jacquemus debuted the teeniest, tiniest handbags on its Fall 2019 runway.  The fashion brand has already become known for its ultra-mini bags and fanny packs. But it ventured into new territory with handbags so small they can barely fit a single pair of AirPods. Leave all your baggage behind in last season, hunny!  Before its latest micro bags hit the runway, the show's invites appropriately came in mini lavender Jacquemus bags and envelopes.  « LA COLLECTIONNEUSE » JACQUEMUS WINTER 2019/20 SHOW INVITATION  SEE YOU TOMOROW ( WITH MORE MINI CHIQUITO...) LOVE A post shared by  JACQUEMUS (@jacquemus) on Feb 24, 2019 at 9:10am PST In the collection, the bags accompanied bold monochromatic looks in striking pinks and reds. Aptly called the "Mini Le Chiquito" bag, the accessory debuted in white, pink, and red colorways. The perfect size for fitting two Advils, a single piece of gum, and perhaps a pair of AirPods (if you're lucky), this is the definition of leaving your baggage at the door.  And a zoomed-in shot just in case you don't have your glasses on:    While the latest mini Jacquemus bags won't be available to shop until next season, the brand's current in-season collection of micro bags range in price from $345 to $795. Ah, fash-un!  

 Bet you never thought you'd want to wear these trends again... From scrunchies to tube tops, logomania, and even visors, some of the most embarrassing trends of the past three decades are making unexpected fashion comebacks. The once cringe-worthy throwback looks (ahem, the early 2000s) are now cooler than ever thanks to the It girls of today—here's how to wear them all in 2018. Were visors ever actually cool? Unclear, but the hat alternative is having a chic revival, thanks in part to Dior. Once reserved for those on the golf course or tennis court, this season's visor trend is already an Instagram favorite amongst the fashion set.  Look for Less: Fenty x Puma visor, $50, revolve.com. SHOP From Destiny's Child to Britney Spears, Cameron Diaz, and every starlet you could think of, tube tops completely ruled the scene from the late '90s to the early 2000s and now, they're back in full force for Summer 2018.  The Fifth Label tube top, $57, revolve.com. SHOP  it ain’t nothin A post shared by  HEIR JORDYN (@jordynwoods) on Apr 14, 2018 at 1:36am PDT From sporty tube top renditions as spotted on Jordyn Woods to smocked ultra-girly crop tops, there's a strapless look for everyone this season. Brace yourself for tube top mania... Silence + Noise tube top, $18, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP Sunglasses of the '90s—namely those ultra-tiny Matrix-inspired specs—have been enjoying a revival for quite some time now. But the colorful lenses spotted on virtually every celebrity in the '90s are taking over for spring and summer (side-note, can we appreciate Britney working this pair for a second?). From colorful plastic cat-eyes to small colorful lenses, there are plenty of updated takes on the trend now (without looking like a jaded boy or girlband member from the '90s).  Ray-Ban sunglasses, $178, ray-ban.com. SHOP  #WCW: @oliviaculpo does Coachella right in our square toe Churen heels. Tap to shop. #regram A post shared by  Nine West (@ninewest) on Apr 18, 2018 at 9:20am PDT You know the sandals you wore to all your middle school and high school dances in the '90s? Yes, those square-toed ones. They're back too. Thanks to Nine West's throwback anniversary collection, the look is easy to shop for summer and feels brand new again. Nine West sandals $109, ninewest.com. SHOP Remember the days of the early 2000s when your outfit and handbag was irrelevant if it wasn't covered in designer logos? Good news if your name is Paris Hilton: the logomania revival is here. Spotted on the runways at Fendi, Dior, and more, it's once again cool to show off your designer brand in logo form. Maybe not quite as enthusiastically as Missy Elliott in this Dior look circa 2004 though...  stormi strolls 🤑 A post shared by  Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 12, 2018 at 5:22pm PDT ...unless your name is Kylie Jenner, of course. Arguably the most popular logo of the moment, Fendi is winning the comeback trend right now. Jenner embraced the logo look with a Fendi dress, fanny pack, and matching baby stroller, but for most of us, a Fendi logo bag on its own will do the trend justice without going overboard.  Fendi bag, $3,650, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A victory for dads around the world: the chunky, tourist sneaker of the '80s and '90s is finally cool. From the street style scene to your Instagram feeds, the dad sneaker is sticking around for summer—acting as the perfect contrast to all your sundresses and skirts.  Fila sneakers, $80, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP The '80s  and '90s-favorite hair accessory has managed to stage the ultimate comeback. Once worn with nothing but larger-than-life hair (à la Paula Abdul), the look is a little softened for its 2018 revival. Take note from Hailey Baldwin and style the accessory with a slick power ponytail.  Urban Outfitters scrunchie set, $12 for 5 scrunchies, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP  Back to Amsterdam for two days before we're heading to New York. Thank you LA for the good times. See you in a few weeks. ❤️ A post shared by  Negin Mirsalehi (@negin_mirsalehi) on Apr 22, 2018 at 6:06am PDT The once frowned upon fanny pack/belt bag is officially here to stay. For summer, try the look in a minimal, tiny belt bag rendition that isn't too bulky, but still packs a style punch.  Wandler belt bag, $415, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 The brand releases another uplifting commercial.  From its diverse, star-studded "Bridging the Gap" video to the "Meet Me in The Gap" campaign starring Cher and Future, Gap has been using music and fashion to unify and inspire people all year long—and its holiday commercial is no different.  The brand tapped actress and singer Janelle Monae to lead a group sing-a-long for a holiday video that is impossible to watch without smiling. Featuring choirs of both adults and kids, the happy group celebrates togetherness while singing an acoustic rendition of Freddie Scott's "You Got What I Need."  "I love the unity of the ‘Meet Me in the Gap’ concept. It really reflects the idea that although we may be from different parts of the world, when we come together, we can create something magical," Monae said in a statement from the brand.  Along with the feel-good vibe of that video, what's also note-worthy is the fact that the brand is bringing back its iconic rainbow-striped sweaters (you know, the ones you loved to wear growing up). Between the colorful stripes and the plush white and black faux fur coat Monae wears, there's plenty of Gap pieces to put on your shopping list ASAP.  Gap sweater, $70, SHOP
 Jasmine Tookes shares her go-to tips and favorite products for waking up flawless.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. How does a Victoria's Secret model always stay flawless? Here, Jasmine Tookes takes us through her nighttime beauty routine, and reveals everything from her glowing skin secrets to how she stays hydrated. Plus, see all the hair and makeup details from this year's VS show here. 
 It's a pioneering move. French advertisements will now carry a disclaimer if an image has been photoshopped. It's no secret that women's bodies are retouched to look slimmer, smoother and firmer in campaigns, but the French government is addressing this as a public health issue. Any commercial image that has used Photoshop will feature the message "Photographie retouchée", which translates to "edited photograph". The BBC reports that anyone who violates the rule will be fined €37,500 ($44,042) or 30 percent of the cost of creating the ad. "Exposing young people to normative and unrealistic images of bodies leads to a sense of self-depreciation and poor self-esteem that can impact health-related behavior," Health Minister Marisol Touraine said. While it is "simplistic" to assume that retouched adverts cause eating disorders, a spokesperson for Beat—which supports victims of anorexia, bulimia and binge-eating - praised the move. "We support any measures that contribute to a society having a healthier view of body types and everyone being more aware of which pictures have been touched up," said Beat's Tom Quinn. "Moving towards a society where there isn't the same pressure on models and the general public to be as thin as possible will be very welcome." 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 It's her first time addressing the VSFS since she dropped out. Even though Gigi Hadid couldn't walk the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai this year, that didn't stop her from cheering on her little sister Bella from the sidelines. The model gave a shoutout to her younger sibling on her Instagram Story tonight, before the show was broadcast.  "Excited to watch my gorg lil sis (so proud @bellahadid) and all my angelic friends tonight #vsfs," she captioned a photo of Bella on the runway. "HUGE LOVE to all the girls and the whole VS team!!" she added. "A year of prep and hard work deserves celebration!!!!!!!" This marks the first time Hadid has mentioned the VS fashion show since she unexpectedly announced she would not be walking in Shanghai. Though she didn't give a reason for her absence, it was reported that she was denied a Chinese visa for posting a video where she appeared to mock Asian people. However, Hadid already looks ready for the 2018 fashion show. "Already can't wait for next year!" she tweeted. I’m so bummed I won’t be able to make it to China this year. Love my VS family, and will be with all my girls in spirit!! Can't wait to tune in with everyone to see the beautiful show I know it will be, and already can't wait for next year! :) x
 My ankles are shaking.  The '90s were a great time in fashion. So great, in fact, that we can't stop–won't stop reviving trends from the decade over and over again. From mom jeans to tiny sunglasses and bucket hats, we've seen the return of many of the era's key pieces over the last few years. The latest (and perhaps most polarizing yet) comes from Steve Madden, who's bringing back two of its iconic '90s platform sandals for Summer 2019.  They're the shoes you spent a large chunk of the '90s teetering through the mall or school hallways in (worn with a pair of capri pants, obviously). They're also the shoes that made aggressively loud flopping noises as you stomped around in all your teenage angst glory. And now, they're back for Summer 2019 in a new collaboration with Steve Madden and Urban Outfitters (though they may not have the same effect when worn to Hudson Yards).     Flip flops are a polarizing enough shoe trend on their own. But platform flip flops? Our country can't possibly take any more division. My ankles and soul feel triggered. And yet, you can bet a batch of influencers and street style stars will somehow make me nostalgic enough to want a pair this summer.  But if you're really team anti-flip flop, Steve Madden also revived its iconic Slinky platform sandals for the collaboration. Offered up in neon pink, lime green, and black, the retro sandal is back once again—though this time you sadly can't wear them to Delia's. 
 Mara Martin explains her decision to bring her daughter onto the catwalk. During the final rounds of a Sports Illustrated open casting call in Miami, Mara Martin hit the runway in a sparkly gold bikini and one very unexpected accessory. While she strutted down the catwalk, she breastfed her five-month-old daughter, Aria. Martin says that her epic walk happened organically—and somewhat out of necessity. "During the entire casting process for the Sports Illustrated contest, my daughter Aria was with me,” the Monroe, Michigan-based mom told BAZAAR.com. “The team and crew got to know her throughout the process and when I found out I made the final 16, the editor of the magazine, MJ Day, asked if I wanted to walk the runway with her for one of my looks."  Show day arrived and Aria was dressed and ready for her debut, but as Martin explained, "nothing goes as planned. The show time kept getting pushed back." Aria started to get hungry backstage. "I began to feed her, like I do every daily, multiple times a day, and did through out the entire casting process. Then casually, MJ came over to me and said that if I wanted to continue feeding when it was my turn, that she would support it." Aria was still feeding when Martin's turn approached. "So I decided to keep feeding her," Martin says. "Breastfeeding is a natural thing and has become such a normal part of my daily life the past five months that I didn’t really think of anything of it when I decided to walk out."   In a video of Martin walking down the runway, the audience can be heard cheering her on. The model mom even put a pair of little blue headphones on her daughter to protect her ears from the loud music.   GIRL POWER! 🙌🏼 #SISwimSearch Sweet 16 finalist Mara walks the runway while breastfeeding her five-month-old baby. @paraisofashionfair A post shared by  Sports Illustrated Swimsuit (@si_swimsuit) on Jul 15, 2018 at 7:38pm PDT #SportsIllustrated #Swimsuit #model Mara Martin walked the runway while nursing her one month old daughter. #NormalizeBreastfeeding pic.twitter.com/qsHWnmiugx  For Martin, who was modeling in Miami until she got pregnant, the Sports Illustrated show marks her first casting and job post-pregnancy. She shares her daughter with her fiancé, Ryan Vandenburg, who is also excited about positive reaction to Martin's catwalk—albeit a little surprised. "When my fiancé and I went home the next day... the phone kept ringing and notifications kept coming in,” she adds. “I’m so grateful and humbled that so many people around the world have shown support to me and what I did on the runway with Aria. I hope that women in general can keep lifting each other up and become each other’s biggest fans."  According to her previous posts, Martin is a champion of women's empowerment. The day after walking in the Sports Illustrated contest, she wrote on Instagram: "I’m so grateful to be able to share this message and hopefully normalize breastfeeding and also show others that women CAN DO IT ALL! But to be honest, the real reason I can’t believe it is a headline is because it shouldn’t be a headline!!! My story of being a mother and feeding her while walking is just that." She also captioned a photo of her newborn daughter: "Here’s to STRONG women. May we KNOW them  May we BE them  May we RAISE them."   Here’s to STRONG women  May we KNOW them  May we BE them  May we RAISE them  #internationalwomensday A post shared by  MARA MARTIN (@_maramartin_) on Mar 8, 2018 at 9:12am PST 
 30% of proceeds go towards Physicians for Reproductive Health.  From 'Nasty Woman' t-shirts to accessories supporting Planned Parenthood, the last two years have been filled with a surplus of fashion supporting women's rights.  The latest philanthropic accessory isn't overtly plastered with the word 'Nasty,' nor is it an empty brand gimmick trying to sell you a dose of feminism. Instead, it's a necklace by jewelry designer Sophie Ratner that subtly pays nod to one of the most important Supreme Court decisions of all time: Roe v. Wade.  A collaboration with Physicians for Reproductive Health, Sophie Ratner's '1973' necklace celebrates the 45th anniversary of the 1973 Supreme Court case that granted women the right to an abortion. It's continuing to support the protection of women's reproductive rights today by donating 30% of proceeds from the sale of each necklace to the Physicians for Reproductive Health organization.  Sophie Ratner necklace, $115, sophieratner.com. SHOP NOW The Roe v. Wade-inspired necklace is offered in three variations: silver ($115), gold ($350), and a diamond-encrusted style ($850). "In this time of attacks on evidence-based medicine and a woman’s right to choose, we cannot remain silent. Please join your allies across the country and proudly wear this necklace to remind people everywhere that we must continue to fight for equality and access for reproductive health here in the United States, and throughout the world," the brand designers wrote on Instagram.  Sophie Ratner necklace, $380, sophieratner.com. SHOP NOW After President Trump announced a gag rule that prohibits medical providers from referring patients to safe, legal abortions, the protection of Roe v. Wade's legacy is more important than ever. Trump's newly-announced Reagan-era policy not only makes it more difficult for women to access contraception and abortion, it also blatantly attacks Planned Parenthood.  While we can't count on a necklace to save the world, Sophie Ratner's charitable 1973 design makes for an empowering way to preserve your sanity and accessorize in solidarity during a period of seemingly endless attacks on women's rights in the United States—all while supporting the mission of Physicians for Reproductive Health.   GUYSSSS THEN THIS HAPPENED!!!!! @oliviamunn rocking our 1973 necklace and supporting women all across the world. . . . This wouldn’t be possible without aimeecarpenter17@ - thanks for your dedication ❤️ . . . #roevwade #voicesofcourage #actforwomenandgirls A post shared by  Sophie Ratner Fine Jewelry (@sophieratner_jewelry) on May 23, 2018 at 5:02am PDT The Physicians for Reproductive Health is an organization that works to ensure safe and legal access to both contraception and abortion across the country. For more information and ways to get involved, visit prh.org. 
 The speaker of the house is a beacon in fuchsia in a sea of blue—and we're here for it... Nancy Pelosi is our Speaker of the House. She is an accomplished politician. She is a democrat. She is third in line to take power of the free world should the President and Vice President be unable to fulfill their duties for any reason. She can rock a red-orange MaxMara coat and sunglasses with as much swagger as Beyonce on stage or Gigi Hadid on the runway. She may or may not be making hot pink her signature color. None of these statements lessen anything about the others.  A photo with the all new Democratic committee chairmen was released today and in it, our Speaker of the House is bringing her fashion A-game in a hot pink suit, worn not with muted, neutral flats, but coordinating pink pumps. The suit is paired with a simple white tank underneath. Her smile radiates from the image taken in the Capitol's Rayburn Room. The other women in the photo, including liberal favorite and generally awesome human Maxine Waters, looks lovely in the photo as well. There are some very standard navy suits on the male congressmen. But there isn't an article here about their outfits because they are not wearing a hot pink suit. Nancy Pelosi is using fashion to stand out, it's one of the tools in her kit as a (more than) capable, professional female politician.  Pelosi's fashion choices have officially become a "thing." Vanessa Friedman wrote an op-ed in the Times defending her prerogative to cover the style choices of Pelosi after some readers were up in arms about an article on that standout MaxMara coat she wore while leaving the White House to discuss the Mexico border wall. The Washington Post similarly declared that it isn't "sexist" to reference Pelosi's pink suit which she donned when the new 116th Congress was sworn in (including 127 women). If discussing Pelosi-in-pink is wrong we don't want to be right. 
 "I have fun with the whole creative process."  Kendall Jenner struts around the nude-color themed warehouse space at 525 Studio in West Chelsea, clad in a bronze satin blazer dress from Alexander Arutyunov. As the DJ plays “Walk It Talk It” by Migos featuring Drake, the 23-year-old model and Harper's BAZAAR cover star recreates her walk from Stuart Weitzman's freshly released campaign video—called #SWWALK—as dozens of cameras flash in an attempt to capture the perfect Insta-worthy moment.  With the four-part Gordon von Steiner-helmed visual co-starring Willow Smith, Yang Mi, and Jean Campbell on a loop in the background, guests such as Marianna Hewitt, Olivia Culpo, and Chriselle Lim sipped on champagne and were encouraged to recreate or offer up their own interpretation of that strut. Ahead of the campaign's in-person immersive experience, Jenner sat down with BAZAAR.com to discuss the recently launched Stuart Weitzman nude collection, her first big shoe memory, and who is the shoe queen of her family. Harper's BAZAAR: What made you want to be part of the new Stuart Weitzman campaign? Kendall Jenner: I was really excited about it. I always wanted to work with them. And I knew it was a good group of girls, between, Yang [Mi], me, Jean [Campbell], Willow [Smith.]  HB: The Spring-Summer 2019 campaign highlights Stuart Weitzman’s inclusive shade range of “nude shoes.” Why do you think it’s important for brands to incorporate diversity into their products and campaigns? KJ: The whole nude thing and keeping simple colors, it's really nice and super elegant and it's perfect because I would say if I was looking at my whole closet of shoes, the most shoes that I have are the pretty simple ones because you can wear them over and over and over again. They never get old, the trend never goes. The nudes collection is really cool.    HB: Which is your favorite shoe from the new collection and why? KJ: The pump [she is wearing the Anny 70 pump in cappuccino brown patent leather] just because it's so simple, like I was saying before it's so simple I could wear it maybe 700 times over and not get judged for it. I love this one and I like this color. HB: Who is the "Shoe Queen" in your family? KJ: Khloe has a lot, and I always looked up to her collection. I don't know if it's a selfish reason because she's my shoe size so maybe that's why, all my other sisters have small feet. Kylie has a really good collection. I'd say Kylie and Khloe.  
 HB: Tell us about your first big shoe memory? KJ: Kylie and I used to wear my mom's shoes all the time, and even Kourtney's shoes, 'cause Kourtney is like a [size] 4.5, her foot is really small. When I was maybe ten-years-old, I would fit [in] her shoes, so, Kylie and I would steal Kourtney's shoes all the time and do little runway competitions  and we would steal my moms, but they were a bit bigger.  HB: If you could only wear one shoe for the rest of your life, which pair would you select?  KJ: I'd probably pick a good boot. Maybe a mid-rise heel, nothing too high or too low. Something you can walk really nice in and that's really comfortable. Just sleek and simple.   HB: You haven’t walked in a NYFW show for the past couple of seasons. Do you have any plans to walk any shows while you’re here?  KJ: Uhh, nope, not here in New York. KB: What about the other fashion capitals?  KJ: For Europe? I think so. HB: Valentine’s Day is only two days away! What songs would be on your Valentine’s Day playlist?  KJ: Ooh, thats a good question. So I have an Apple Music radio show, with one of my friends, we call it ZaZa World, and you'll have to listen to it because we have a whole playlist for Valentine's day, so check it out.  HB: Do you have any plans for V-Day?  KJ: Just here, hanging out in New York.   HB: Outside of modeling, you and Kylie launched your namesake ready-to-wear line. What other creative mediums are you drawn to and would like to experience next?  KJ: That's a good question. I'm really into a lot of things, and I have fun with the whole creative process, whether it be beauty or fashion or whatever, so I'm sure there are things in the future. HB: Beyond major editorials and covers, you’ve scored some bluechip fashion and beauty campaigns. Who is a creative in the fashion or beauty industry that you haven’t worked with yet, but love the chance to collaborate with?  KJ: I've always really loved Steven Meisel as a photographer. There's so many, but yeah, thats my one for now. HB: Your career comes with a lot of traveling, so if the TSA confiscated your cosmetic bag, which three beauty products would you miss the most? KJ: My bronzer, cause you always gotta have a glow, gotta look nice. Chapstick, because I hate being dry on a plane, and mascara, or a good concealer. I'll go concealer.  HB: Which kind of bronzer do you use? KJ: A  little Chanel palette it's the creamy one, on top of that I use an Estee Lauder bronze goddess powder.  HB: What's the best beauty tip you've learned on-set? KJ: On-set if you can get away with a little bit of contour like I was just saying, that helps with making you look healthier, and brighter. Just drink a lot of water. HB: I like your [snake hoop] earrings. Do you know what brand they are? KJ: No, my stylist brought out a big tray of jewelry, and I was like I like these and these.  HB: Your stylist is Marni [Senofonte], right? HB: Yeah, Marni. HB: How do you guys like to collaborate together?  KJ: It's super collaborative; she pulls a bunch of stuff, and we get together, and I pick all of the stuff I really like, and we'll throw things together, and it's really. If I could say 50-50 it's pretty, it's very collaborative.  
 Deauville gave Coco Chanel her first limelight, readying her to catapult fashion into another century.  Deauville, a lavish seaside resort in the south of France, was the place to be in 1913. The  epicenter of fashion, trends, and high society at the turn of the 20th century, enters 29-year-old Gabrielle (Coco) Chanel.  From the window of the finest suite at the Hotel Normandy Deauville, the budding creative visionary was moved by the spirit of the idyllic beach countryside. She drew inspiration from everything around her: the practicality of mens' boating jackets, the ease of nautical sailor stripes, the color of Normandy's impressionist skies, and the dreamy way fabric whipped to life under a gust of the ocean breeze. The city spurred Chanel's sartorial dream, one unrestrained by uncomfortable, narrow, corset dresses with heavy trains, which typified women's style of the era. Many of those influences recently resurfaced at the brand's Resort collection, complete with a life sized Chanel cruise ship. Both rebellious and unconventional, the French fashion trend-setter anticipated the coming of a new era for women. Cutting her hair, romping through the café terraces, Coco Chanel wanted all women to adopt a new stance on style. She envisioned the ease of women's clothing stitched with jersey, inspired by the polo players at the french racetracks. She yearned for swimsuits that allowed the sun to kiss the skin, fluid fabrics, and wide-legged trousers, both simple and stylish. It was beside the French seaside that the style icon established her sartorial signature, which lives on in the label today.  Below, the new episode of Inside Chanel. In chapter 22, the homage to the famed designer highlights the beautiful love story between Chanel and Deauville, pivotal in catapulting fashion into another century. 
 Old-World Meets Avant Garde–at the Hotel de Crillon. In today’s style vernacular, words like heritage, heirloom, tradition and history are rarely considered. After all, fashion is about consistently thinking forward—never backward—only referring to seasons and collections past as a way of acknowledging a current it-item or trend's place in the industry’s ever-changing dialogue.  This is where Couture, the intersection of the old guard and fashion’s future, finds itself at a crossroads. With ready-to-wear brands slowly finding their place on the Couture fashion calendar (we see you Rodarte and Proenza Schouler), and in a time where true craftsmanship is few and far between, we are consistently at a loss for what to revere in fashion’s ever-changing, over-saturated landscape. Haute Couture, at its purest, bridges the gap; here, fresh ideas and modernity, translated by traditional handwork and age-old techniques–rise to the surface. Historic hotels find themselves at a similar junction. Their strong-hold on tradition, commitment to finery and elite service seems out of place in a world packed with the up-and-coming. Hotels with history, pomp and circumstance seem to struggle to find their place in the laid-back luxury sphere while also managing to find a way to remain relevant. Enter the Hotel de Crillon, A Rosewood Hotel, which, after a four-year, multi-hundred-million dollar renovation, is looking better than ever with suites re-designed Haute Couturier Karl Lagerfeld. Attempting to offer guests an informal-meets-formal hotel experience, where convenience and elegance—rather than over-the-top grandeur—win the day, the hotel, which re-opened on the heels of Fall 2017 Haute Couture this past July, is an interesting foil for the state of current couture—and an apropos location in which to highlight the season's best looks.  The Hotel de Crillon, it seems, is Paris's new Garden of Eden, and BAZAAR.com was in Paris for its re-opening to select the Couture collections's best looks and position them in the hotel's most exclusive enclaves. The Eve to our Eden? Georgia Fowler, whose high-fashion meets Victoria's Secret resume personifies that marriage of inspiration and accessibility that the current state of Couture—and the newly revived Crillon—seem to capture so seamlessly.  Armani Privé Fall 2017 Haute Couture Look 20, price upon request, armani.com. Schiaparelli Fall 2017 Haute Couture Look 26, price upon request, schiaparelli.com; Stephen Russell earrings, price upon request, stephenrussell.com. Giambattista Valli Fall 2017 Haute Couture Look 23, price upon request, giambattistavalli.com; Buccellati earrings, price upon request, buccellati.com. Elie Saab Fall 2017 Haute Couture Look 55, price upon request, eliesaab.com; De Beers "Phenomena Stream" earrings, price upon request, debeers.com. Alexis Mabille Fall 2017 Haute Couture Look 6, price upon request, alexismabille.com; Buccellati necklace, price upon request, buccellati.com; David Yurman ear climbers, price upon request, davidyurman.com. Atelier Versace Fall 2017 Look 18, price upon request, versace.com; Buccellati earrings, price upon request, buccellati.com.   Chanel Fall 2017 Haute Couture Look 61, price upon request, chanel.com; Stephen Russell sapphire and diamond earrings, price upon request, stephenrussell.com. Valentino Fall 2017 Haute Couture Look 39, price upon request, valentino.com; Stephen Russell antique diamond chandelier earrings, price upon request, stephenrussell.com. Alexander Vauthier Fall 2017 Haute Couture Look 21, price upon request, alexandrevauthier.com; Giuseppe Zanotti shoes, $795, giuseppezanottidesign.com; Cartier earrings, price upon request, cartier.com; David Yurman ring, price upon request, davidyurman.com; De Beers ring, price upon request, debeers.com. Christian Dior Fall 2017 Haute Couture Look 18, price upon request, dior.com; Nirav Modi "Jasmine" diamond necklace, price upon request, niravmodi.com; Tiffany & Co. earrings, price upon request, tiffany.com. Created by Carrie Goldberg; Photography & Videography by Christophe Roué; Shot at Hotel de Crillon, a Rosewood Hotel; Starring Georgia Fowler; Makeup by Moani Lee for Beauty Exchange NYC; Hair by Hélène Bidard; Styling and Market Assistant Tennille Yamashita; Casting and Bookings by Muzam Productions; Special Thanks to Jenna Rosenstein, Liz Sloane Watts and Callie Stanton.
 All the Chanel, Prada and more for your future shopping check lists... From coats to swim—the Resort season has it all. See what washed up on shore at Chanel, what Clare Waight Keller is designing for Givenchy, Prada's new take on the '90s, plus more best looks...
 After analyzing customer returns, a size 15 jean has been born.  Good American, the denim brand launched in 2016 by Khloe Kardashian and Emma Grede, was built on size inclusivity. And although it's carried a size 00 to 24 jeans since its inception, the brand has discovered a customer it was overlooking inbetween.  After analyzing customer data, Good American found it received 50 percent more returns of size 14 and 16 jeans than any other size in its range. "My design team and I believe that the reason for this is that between size 14 and 16 we switch from using a 'straight' pattern to a 'plus' pattern. In the plus pattern, allowances are made for a totally different body type, which you might not necessarily need if you’re at the higher end of the straight sizes or the lower end of plus," Emma Grede, co-founder of Good American, told BAZAAR.com over email.  So to combat the issue, they invented a new size jean: 15. Launching today, the size 15 jeans will be available as part of Good American's new 'Good Curve' collection in a variety of styles including straight and flare cuts. The price points range from $159 - $169.    During a time when many brands are trying to profit off the body positive movement without putting in the work (or even offering plus sizes), Good American's hands-on approach to customer feedback shows it's serious about putting its money where its mouth is.  "A large part of our success comes from listening to our customers and directly applying their feedback. Our new fit and size have been in the works for nearly a year after reviewing our customer data and size patterns. From there, we used social media to find a focus group of women who fell between sizes 14 and 16 and brought them into our office. We measured their bodies, listened to their concerns and needs, and understood what they were looking for when it comes to denim in order to perfect the new size," Grede said.  The fashion industry still has a lot of work to do when it comes to size inclusivity and it could stand to learn a thing or two from Good American's strategy. 
 Fall's hottest pieces are currently on sale—but you better scoop them up quick.  Sorry to interrupt your sipping rosé by the pool, but I regret to inform you that fall is kind of, sort of approaching.  The first sign of pumpkin spice lattes on the horizon? Nordstrom's highly-anticipated Anniversary Sale, which see fall's hottest pieces go on sale before they hit full-price when the season even starts. So in the spirit of not wanting to miss out on some seriously good deals, yes, it's time to start thinking about your fall wardrobe now.  This year's sale features some essential fall wardrobe staples, plus this season's hottest trends that you're going to want to scoop up now before they go full-price (or worse, sell out). From print dresses to fall's best jackets to the return of cowboy boots, here are the pieces to buy from the sale now (but hurry, the deals only last until August 5).  Regularly $89, currently on sale for $59.  Transition your wardrobe from summer to fall with this ruched midi dress that can be worn with sandals now and ankle booties once the temperatures start to drop.  Regularly $150, currently on sale for $99. The cowboy boot is making a comeback this season. Shop the look in a chic, polished white leather iteration that you can wear with all of your fall dresses or a pair of rolled up jeans.  Regularly $350, currently on sale for $233.  Because you can never have enough crisp white blouses, invest in a new one that will act as your wardrobe MVP this season. Whether tucked into a pair of denim or an office-friendly midi skirt, this ruffled one can be worn a million ways.  Regularly $198, currently on sale for $129.  A new season means it's time to switch up your bag game. This burnt red leather bucket bag acts as the perfect neutral for your fall closet.  Regularly $98, currently on sale for $65.  Going into fall is the perfect time to invest in some new denim. If you don't already have a pair of Levi's cult-favorite 501 jeans, now is the perfect time to shop them while they're 30% off.  Regularly $48, currently on sale for $31.  We're into necklace layering this season and this dainty gold initial pendant makes for the perfect necklace to layer along with your other chains.  Regularly $105, currently on sale for $69. You already know you're going to want a cozy, statement-making faux fur coat this season, so why not get a head start on ordering one now before they all set out? This neutral teddy coat will go with virtually everything in your closet.  Regularly $550, currently on sale for $364.  Invest in a good midi skirt that you can wear both to the office and on the weekend. This asymmetrical 3.1 Phillp Lim skirt can be dressed up or down and will instantly make you look a little more fashion.  Regularly $48, currently on sale for $31.  Our love for baker boys hats isn't slowing down this season, especially now that Brixton has introduced a corduroy take on the trend. Available in black or blush pink, this makes for a '70s-inspired way to top off your outfit.  Regularly $119, currently on sale for $78. This striped turtleneck is a real game-changer because it has detachable sleeves—which may sound unnecessary, but trust us. Take off the sleeves to layer it over a long-sleeve dress or a crisp white-button down or leave it as is and wear it with a pair of jeans. The two-in-one you never knew you needed.   Regularly $52, currently on sale for $33.  We're always looking to up our earring game and these playful sparkling ones are a fun new take on the hoop. And the real bonus is that they come as a set of two.  Regularly $128, currently on sale for $84.90. An under $100 fall jacket that you'll get plenty of wear out of? Yes, please.  Regularly $225, currently on sale for $149.  Build up your boot wardrobe with these classic knee-high suede boots that can't steer you wrong. Wear them with dresses, skirts, or jeans.  Menswear-inspired blazers are one of fall's hottest trends and this pretty blush pink is a playful way to put a girly twist on the look.  Regularly $60, currently on sale for $39. Wear it with boots, a feminine blouse, and a cropped jacket for a real fall LEWK. 
 The runway shoes that shaped spring's top footwear trends.  Before you start shopping for spring and summer sandals, take a look back at the runway shoes that sparked the trends. From clear PVC shoes to strappy sandals and kitten heel slingbacks, these are the hottest designer shoes to inspire your footwear game this season. Shop more of the season's key shoe trends here.  Tom Ford pumps, $1,290, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Alexander Wang heels, $595, intermixonline.com. SHOP Alexander Wang mesh boots, $995, fwrd.com. SHOP Tibi sandals, $475, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Tibi mules, $495, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP Calvin Klein boots, $1,295, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Calvin Klein boots, $1,295, modesens.com. SHOP Altuzarra lace-up sandals, $995, net-a-porter.com.SHOP Altuzarra lace-up sandals, $995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Louis Vuitton archlight sneaker, $1,090, louisvuitton.com. SHOP Saint Laurent boots, $10,000, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Off-White x Jimmy Choo heels, $1,195, farfetch.com. SHOP Balmain boots, $1,895, balmain.com. SHOP Balmain boots, $1,895, balmain.com. SHOP Chloé boots, $1,390, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Givenchy boots, $1,995, barneysnewyork.com. SHOP Valentino sandals, nordstrom.com. SHOP Prada pumps, $990, farfetch.com. SHOP
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 The actress launched her first fashion parternship surrounded by women who inspire her.  Mandy Moore has gone seamlessly from teenage pop star to rom-com queen to This Is Us actress and now, she's dipping her toes in the fashion world. As Fossil's newest ambassador, Moore stars in the brand's Fall campaign, which features her watch designs and marks her first partnership in the fashion space.  To launch the collaboration, the This Is Us star hosted a dinner celebrating women and the power of female friendship on Saturday night. Nestled in the hills of Malibu, the evening unfolded at One Gun Ranch—a sustainable women-led farm co-owned by Alice Bamford and Anne Eysenring—complete with horses, roaming dogs and pigs, and incredible sunset views of Malibu.   Moore translated the campaign's concept of authenticity and inspiring women into a dinner of the ladies who inspire her most—including This Is Us co-star Chrissy Metz and influencers like Emily Schuman, Marianna Hewitt, Jacey Duprie, and Katherine Schwarzenegger.  At the dinner, Moore (dressed in a stunning red Rosie Assoulin cape dress) explained to BAZAAR.com how important these relationships have been throughout her career, “A lot of the women who inspire me are at the dinner here tonight. I feel really lucky that I have a lot of powerful, self-assured, and confident ladies in my life that I get to lean on—people that I work with and friends. I feel like I have this constant force of inspiration in that sense and people to look up to and feel comfortable to be myself in front of. Those are the women that have the biggest impact on me on a daily basis."   Along with the women in her life, Moore also looked to her home renovations and Pinterest for inspiration for her first design collab. “The partnership came about when I was at the tail-end of the design process of my home, so I was immersed in fixtures and materials and stuff that I was inspired by while redoing my house. I sent a lot of Pinterest-y tear sheets that I sent to the designer working on my house [to Fossil] and they took it and made it into watch form." The end result was her watch face design for Fossil's new Q Venture HR smartwatch, "I took my obsession and my affinity for terrazzo, geometric patterns, and brass inlay and put it towards the dial designs of the watch. There’s not enough terrazzo in our lives these days!"  Despite this being her first design partnership, it's hardly Moore's foray into the fashion world. Working with stylist Cristina Ehrlich, the actress has become a force on the red carpet in show-stopping looks by brands like Rodarte and Johanna Ortiz, and notes she's come a long way from her early-aughts style choices. "I think every day is another opportunity to use fashion as self-expression and not pigeonhole yourself, having fun and the freedom to try new things and just feel empowered in that way," she explained. "Every day is another opportunity to use fashion as self-expression and not pigeonhole yourself." While some teenage pop stars may have had trouble navigating their careers as they got older, Moore has impressively managed a diverse lineup of projects over the years—all of which feel authentic to her persona. The secret? It's all about sticking to her gut. “I think it always falls back on the gut check—if there’s any doubt, don’t do it. Something has to feel good across the board, it has to be representative of me, to make me empowered. Anything that feels disingenuous is going to come across as such, I’m a terrible liar. In a work sense, it’s about finding projects that challenge me and shift my perspective, but something I feel I could add value to." 
 The model opens up about her experience with the illness. Gigi Hadid responded to critics of her weight in a series of tweets on Sunday night. The model, who is suffering from a thyroid condition called Hashimoto's Disease, explained that her changing body type was a result of the illness.  "For those of you so determined to come up w why my body has changed over the years, you may not know that when I started @ 17 I was not yet diagnosed w/Hashimoto’s disease; those of u who called me 'too big for the industry' were seeing inflammation & water retention due to that," she said in her first tweet.  Hashimoto's disease is a disorder where your immune system attacks your thyroid, leading to chronic inflammation, according to the American Thyroid Association. Over time, it results in the thyroid's inability to produce ample hormones and, eventually, leads to an underactive thyroid. There are no specific symptoms unique to the illness, according to the ATA, but some signs include swelling at the front of the throat, a puffy face, and unexpected weight gain, according to Mayo Clinic.  "Over the last few years I’ve been properly medicated to help symptoms including those, as well as extreme fatigue, metabolism issues, body’s ability to retain heat, etc," Hadid continued. "I was also part of a holistic medical trial that helped my thyroid levels balance out." The 22-year-old added, "Although stress & excessive travel can also affect the body, I have always eaten the same, my body just handles it differently now that my health is better. I may be “too skinny” for u, honestly this skinny isn’t what I want to be, but I feel healthier internally and am still learning and growing with my body everyday, as everyone is." Gigi ended on a powerful note, stating she would no longer "explain the way my body looks" to her critics and clarified that "drugs are not my thing." I will not further explain the way my body looks, just as anyone, with a  body type that doesnt suit ur “beauty” expectation, shouldnt have to. Not to judge others, but drugs are not my thing, stop putting me in that box just because u dont understand the way my body has matured. And she urged her fellow social media users to "learn to have more empathy for others." Please, as social media users & human beings in general, learn to have more empathy for others and know that you never really know the whole story. Use your energy to lift those that you admire rather than be cruel to those u don’t. Hadid previously opened up about her diagnosis in December 2016. "My metabolism actually changed like crazy this year. I have Hashimoto's disease. It's a thyroid disease, and it's now been two years since taking the medication for it," she said at the time.  Because of her changing body, Hadid actually aimed to build muscle rather than shed weight while training for the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. "I just want to have muscles in the right place," she said, "And if my butt can get a little perkier, then that's good."
 VIP (Very Important Puppies) is the ultimate street style for dogs. Watch out fashion bloggers, there's a new breed in town. V.I.P (Very Important Puppies) is the newest brand of doggy fashion and it is so chic that you may even want a piece in your size. V.I.P creates clothing and accessories for dogs, and will make your pup the coolest on the block.  "V.I.P makes elevated clothing and accessories for dogs. Designed for style, function, and play, V.I.P embodies the pure love of stepping out with your pet," the brand said in a statement. The brand, founded by sister team Sabrina Albarello and Katerina Karelas, both come from backgrounds in fashion and business. They meshed their love for dogs with their industry expertise to create the brand, which aims to have canines look (and feel) more in-sync with their fashionable human owners.  In addition to the brand’s personal collections, V.I.P will be partnering with high profile influencers from fashion, art, and design. V.I.P will regularly drop collections that bring a fresh perspective to dog dressing. The collectible pet pieces are limited edition and ever-changing. Each collection is made in New York City, and is made with durable fabrics that are comfortable for pets. The first collaboration will be with Albarello's boyfriend, designer Heron Preston. Preston is known for his bold, innovative style and has carried that same vibe to his dogwear.  SAKS has exclusively picked up V.I.P and will start running in stores in November, and you can shop now on their website. Follow them on Instagram @veryimportantpuppies for even more adorable puppy pics.  FAVORITE #VIP #VeryImportantPuppies A post shared by  VIP (@veryimportantpuppies) on Sep 18, 2018 at 5:38pm PDT
 This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. No matter where you are in the world, a wave hello (or goodbye) is something that's universally recognized in every culture. Whether you’re waving excitedly to a friend in your hometown or greeting a barista in Milan, it’s a small gesture that conveys a ton of meaning.  Above, Marianna Hewitt, one of BAZAAR’s most stylish friends and the founder behind the beauty brands Summer Fridays, demonstrates six different ways to wave. 
 As if the VS runway couldn't get any sexier... Balmain is designing custom looks for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai, and the models won't be the only ones wearing the collab. A #VSxBalmain collection will also be available to shop in-store and online on November 29, the day after the show's broadcast.   The lingerie brand announced the major collaboration today on Instagram and posted a graphic on its website. This is apparently the first time VS has ever teamed up with a high fashion brand for a range to sell through retail. Balmain's creative director Olivier Rousteing doesn't stray far from VS. He's previously attended the brand's over-the-top presentations, and is apt to cast its models for his own runway shows. Just last week, VS Angels like Alessandra Ambrosio, Josephine Skriver, and Elsa Hosk walked in his Spring 2018 presentation during Paris Fashion Week.  We can't wait to see what he has in store for Shanghai. Considering Rousteing's signature steamy designs for Balmain—à la bodycon silhouettes, cage cut-outs, shimmery fabrics, and luxe embellishments—expect the VS runway to get a few degrees hotter this year.
 From Gisele and Naomi to Gigi and Bella, all the behind-the-scenes action dating back to the '90s.  As this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show unfolds in Shanghai next week, take a look at the greatest backstage moments over the years. From supermodels of the '90s and '00s like Naomi, Gisele, Tyra, and Heidi, to newcomers like Stella, Gigi, and Bella, see the sexiest women who've walked the annual show in all the behind-the-scenes action.  Heidi Klum and Karen Mulder  Alessandra Ambrosio Rupert Everett with Heidi Klum, Ines Rivero, and Molly Sims  Gisele Bundchen  Karolina Kurkova and Adriana Lima  Adriana Lima  Gisele Bundchen  Karolina Kurkova  Fernanda Tavares, Ana Beatriz Barros, and Alessandra Ambrosio  Carmen Kass  Naomi Campbell  Leticia Birkheuer  Caitriona Balfe  Oluchi Onweagba  Caroline Ribeiro Carmen Kass  Bridget Hall  Gisele Bundchen Sting and Jacquetta Wheeler  Michelle Alves and Isabeli Fontana Carmen Kass Frankie Rayder  Tyra Banks and Heidi Klum Angela Lindvall Leticia Birkheuer Michelle Alves Alessandra Ambrosi and Adriana Lima Alessandra Ambrosio and Karolina Kurkova  Doutzen Kroes Adriana Lima
 Today we lost a legend of literary and sartorial greatness... He gave us a new style of writing called "New Journalism," he gave us "The Electric Kool-aid Acid Test," "Bonfire of the Vanities," and "The Right Stuff." Women of my generation saw themselves or their peers too clearly in "I Am Charlotte Simmons." He wore many different hats when he delved deeply into his varied subject matter—but in every day life he almost always wore the very same thing—a crisp white suit. Fashion and literary lovers alike have to tip their hats to Tom Wolfe, a man who gave the world many literary gifts and always looked great doing so. Today we take inspiration from his well-tailored, devil-may-care, all-blanc approach to life. Rest in peace, sir.  A slim suit for the office or after... Anine Bing jacket, $299 and pants, $229, aninebing.com. SHOP A silk tux is just the right alternative to gowns this summer... Fleur du Mal jacket, $510, and pants, $410,  net-a-porter.com. SHOP This elegant suit maintains an innate femininity... Gabriela Hearst jacket, $1,995, and pants, $995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP This suit is as smart as it is classic... Joseph jacket, $945, and pants, $445, matchesfashion.com. SHOP This slouchier take lends a cool 1930s vibe... Max Mara jacket, $1490, and pants, $675, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Ideal for summer events in the Hamptons—a go-to spot of Mr. Wolfe's. Racil jacket, $1,155, and shorts, $485, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 Fendi paid tribute to its late creative director with a touching video.  After 54 years as creative director, Karl Lagerfeld's final collection for Fendi hit the runway today at Milan Fashion Week, just two days after his death. An emotional occasion, the Italian fashion house paid tribute to its late creative director in a series of touching ways throughout the show.  Upon arrival, every seat was topped with a moving tribute card commemorating the designer's death and show notes came with sketches of Lagerfeld's final collection.  Closing out the Fendi runway for the first time was Gigi Hadid, who frequently worked with Lagerfeld over the last few years. The model, who appeared to be in tears, wore a sheer, bright yellow dress down the runway.  Making for an emotional finale walk, many models held back tears as David Bowie's "Heroes" played.  “The bond between Karl Lagerfeld and Fendi is fashion’s longest love story ❤️....He shall be so missed.”- Silvia Venturini Fendi, Karl’s collaborator since 1965. Here his final collection for @fendi #karllagerfeld  #Regram Fashion Director @nicolefritton A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Feb 21, 2019 at 4:36am PST For his last Fendi collection, Lagerfeld sent a range of tailored suiting, feminine dresses, and laser-cut leather pieces down the Fall 2019 runway. Unexpected pops of color came in the form of buttery leather pieces, sheer dresses, and a new range of the brand's nostalgic baguette bags.    Following an emotional standing ovation, the fashion house played a tribute video to its creative director of 54 years. The video features Lagerfeld being asked to sketch what he looked like on his first day at Fendi in 1965, five decades earlier. The designer, wearing his signature leather gloves, sketches himself while looking back fondly on the time.    A heartfelt tribute to Karl Lagerfeld, Fendi's Woman’s Ready to wear and Couture designer for over five decades. Karl, you will be dearly missed. A post shared by  Fendi (@fendi) on Feb 21, 2019 at 4:14am PST  "A heartfelt tribute to Karl Lagerfeld, Fendi's Ready to wear and Couture designer for over five decades. Karl, you will be dearly missed," the brand wrote on its social media accounts. 
 The insider’s guide to choosing the right pair of frames. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Eyewear has always been the fashion accessory par excellence, conveying the strong and decisively stylish personality of their wearer. They allow you to observe without being observed, so it’s no coincidence that they’re a signature of fashion show front rows. Magazine editors, reporters, influencers, socialites, celebrities, buyers—the front-row attendees who style the rest of the world, intentionally or not—all agree that shades are essential for every show. Max Mara Eyewear and its latest sunglasses and eyeglasses for the autumn/winter 2019-2020 season are inspired by these faces lining the sides of the runways. The collection includes cat-eye and oversized silhouettes with luxe touches like all-over crocodile texture and precious-metal detailing, with color palettes that makes a strong visual impact against the flash of a camera. You’re about to see these glamorous shades in the front row, on Instagram, and everywhere else. But which fashion-show personality is most like your own? Take inspiration from this eyewear guide to find the style that’s right for you. The editor-in-chief wields influence not just over the pages of her magazine, but across the landscape of capital-F Fashion as a whole—and she never leaves her shades behind. From the front row, a pair of big black sunglasses shields her expressions from the flashes of photographers who are more often trying to capture a glimpse of her reaction to the latest collection, rather than the runway itself.  The most fashionable Max Mara sunglasses to own to recreate the look are oversized and made of Optyl plastic; they turn yellow to highlight a personality that is as strong as it is (fashionably) unusual. Strike high-style dissonance by combining them with mustard and turquoise coats from the Max Mara 2019 fall-winter collection. The pen is mightier than the sword, but is the power of her style even greater? A fashion journalist slices through the cacophony of each hectic season with both her judgment on the latest collections—which designers look forward to with equal parts anticipation and dread—and her personal interpretations on how to wear fashion’s latest signature pieces.  From the front row, the runway reporter can take a cue from her boss in a pair of hyper-feminine shades like these from the Max Mara Eyewear 2019 collection, made for the well-dressed working woman who’s in all black from morning to night. The metal Prism detail on the side rod (covered here in a luxe faux crocodile) is an iconic symbol of the Max Mara eyewear brand that blends seamlessly into this cat-eye style. Influencers in one form or another have sat front row for years at even the most coveted haute couture runways. But the rise of social media means that the whole world, not just the fashion world, pays attention when they post one perfectly styled photo after another, like from the front row in a statement pair of fashionable shades.  The sunglasses of a real influencer provide a pop of color, often have gradient lenses, and are either maxi or mini—there is no in-between. This eyewear especially exudes confidence when paired with a patchwork outfit from Max Mara 2019: a swirl of tweed, check, crocodile, and zebra that mix and match print and texture with outstanding results. These fashion icons who attend the coolest and most exclusive events in every major city are the real soul of the front row. They have breakfast in New York and dinner in Milan, and not just during Fashion Week. And whether they’re in sunglasses or eyeglasses, they know that eyewear is not just a simple style accessory, but  rather an integral way to communicate their personality.  Socialites are most likely to combine Max Mara Eyewear 2019 fall-winter glasses with very long coats and even longer dresses, which Max Mara handily has on deck for next season. “Less is more”? The top of the social crop certainly don’t think so. Celebrities live their lives with sunglasses on to protect them from the prying eyes of fans and the reckless lenses of paparazzi cameras. But their eyewear functions as both a necessity and a symbol of style, no more so than when worn to an important designer’s show. The look? Simply black and oversized, period. It’s the camouflage that will get you noticed. Real fashion insiders know that the doors of a show do not close until all of the buyers on the list are in. They’ve earned their front-row membership because they’re the ones who understand what everyone else in the room will want to wear next season, and they pluck those looks straight from the runway.  The businesswoman on the job chooses an outfit of practical elegance to quickly move her from one event to the next, like Max Mara’s latest camel coat: a passe-partout, totally versatile, and never out of style. The buyer pairs it with Max Mara’s glamorous crocodile-textured Optyl sunglasses with either gray or brown lenses. Think the business of style is your thing? It could be with the right eyewear. Behind the glamorous frames and dark lenses of sunglasses are the people we love and the people we’d love to be, which is why the stylish accessory will never cease to fascinate both the fashion crowd and those enamored with it. So have you found your front-row ringer yet? Make the investment in the right eyewear, because good shades aren’t going anywhere — unlike you on the runway of life.
 Which models gained the most followers from the runway? Now that the Spring 2018 collections have officially come to an end, it's time to look back at the shows and models that ruled Fashion Month. Instagram unveiled its seasonal report to recap the most buzzed-about highlights from the runways in New York, London, Milan, and Paris. Tripling the engagement from last season's Fall 2017 shows, this season racked up a total of 709 million likes, comments, stories, and posts from a whopping 143 million Instagram users.    Taking a look at the models who ruled the catwalk, Instagram rounded up the 10 who gained the highest percentage of followers during the month from New York to Paris. Topping the list was transgender model Teddy Quinlivan, who walked countless runways including Marc Jacobs, Versace, Dior, Louis Vuitton, and more. Also rounding out the top five were Carla Bruni and Helena Christensen, two of the '90s supers who walked the Versace show, and Kaia Gerber—the 16-year-old runway breakout of the season (and daughter of Cindy Crawford).   The Top 10 Models Who Gained The Most Followers: As for the most popular runways of each city, there were some surprises (Topshop took the number one spot for London) and some that were not so surprising (Saint Laurent's Eiffel Tower show reigned as most popular Insta moment in Paris). See which shows garnered the most Instagram this season below: The Top 5 New York Fashion Week Shows: The Top 5 London Fashion Week Shows: The Top 5 Milan Fashion Week Shows: The Top 5 Paris Fashion Week Shows:   
 Here's the story behind the extremely rare originals.  Versace’s head sneaker designer Salehe Bembury posted a photo on Instagram Wednesday of a chunky white sneaker with a rainbow logo. Next to the “Versace” inscription, the graphic looks reminiscent of the original, iconic Apple emblem. The shot was simply captioned: “A wise man once said nothing at all.”  Sneaker blogs immediately noted the shoe’s similarity to the extremely rare Apple sneakers, believed to have been made for the computer company's employees in the late 1980s or early 1990s.  It’s unclear whether Versace will be creating the shoes for purchase, or if the photo was of a single prototype. Bembury declined to elaborate on his post, while Versace didn’t respond to Esquire’s requests for comment. Apple had no comment. But the mere idea of an Apple sneaker comeback had fashion followers and sneakerheads buzzing, with the photo racking up thousands of likes and comments.  The original Apple sneakers are shrouded in mystery. Two years ago, a size 9.5 pair were found at a garage sale in Palo Alto, California, just outside Apple’s Silicon Valley home. The shoes were brought to Heritage Auction, which listed them at a starting bid of $30,000.    “We believe they were a pair of prototype sneakers made for Apple in the late 1980s or early ’90s,” says Hertiage Auction’s Director of Modern and Contemporary Art Leon Benrimon. “We believe there were only two pairs made, and the other pair was from the Apple archives. The pair we have are what we believe is the only known private pair.”  Though the company’s co-founder Steve Jobs was a loyal New Balance wearer for most of his life, the Apple sneakers resemble Reeboks, with an embroidered Apple logo on the tongue and the side. The bottom is made with non-skid rubber. They look like the mother of all dad sneakers.  When Heritage Auctions first announced they had the originals, the news was covered around the world. Benrimon said the auction house had a number of respectable offers but that the client is holding out for their asking price or higher. They shoes are still listed as available on the auction house’s site.  Shoes weren’t Apple’s only foray into fashion in the '90s. An archived PDF of the 1986 Apple Collection catalogue shows belts, T-shirts, vests, hats, sweaters, and even paperclips and sailboard. "Last year, 22,000 people bought Apple shirts from The Apple Collection—people who like the way we make Apple computers," it reads. "We put our logo on these products because we appreciate their quality, and think you will, too. They come from such outstanding companies as Tiffany, Braun, Bree, ixi:z, Lamy, Mistral, Honda, and others you might not be familiar with." There are no shoes in that catalogue, perhaps indicating they were never widely available, as Benrimon believes. Today, eBay is full of vintage Apple merch, like a sweatshirt listed for $255.  If Versace does produce Apple-inspired shoes, it won’t be Bembury’s first time creating a pop culture moment. The New York City-born designer worked with Kanye West at Yeezy before joining the Italian fashion house last year. His first Versace creation was the avant-garde Chain Reaction, a collaboration with rapper 2 Chainz.  Earlier this year Bembury told Hypebeast: “Donatella has given me the green light to create, so that is what I plan to do.” 
From: Esquire US

 These are the fall and winter 2019 bags that are about to become mainstays... There's a certain subset of the fashion obsessed who believe firmly that it's all about the bag. "Shoes, who?" They might be overheard asking. In a season when the clutch is making a comeback, waist-bags continue to reign, and color is wonderful—it just might be in the bag, after all. Shop the bags that may not keep you warm, but will keep you happy, all winter long. This oversized pouch has been making the Insta rounds as an influencer favorite. You can't go wrong in classic brown or black, but red makes for a fresh iteration. Rising fashion favorite Khaite is getting in the shoes and bag game. Designer Cate Holstein's quiet yet impactful approach to fashion is making its way to elegant, yet statement-making accessories that are sure to be a hit around town.  This clutch on clutch gives you all the tweed and logo Chanel goodness you're looking for.  Chanel clutch with chain, $1,950 USD Available at CHANEL boutiques nationwide, chanel.com for info. The Givenchy Eden is all new, complete with gilded hardware and a non-apologetic luxe look.  Live out all your chic '70s cool girl fantasies in this collectible bag. Deciding between new jewelry and a pretty bag? No need, the Row has you covered with the Lunch Bag. Alas, there is no free lunch. The Row bag, $1990, therow.com. SHOP NOW Who doesn't love a new Loewe bag? Jonathan Anderson's latest drop for the Spanish brand is the Postal, a boxy top-handle that comes in chic, unassuming solids, as well as with names of major fashion cities like Paris and New York.  An infatuation with logos is still going strong—all the better done up in something cozy for winter.  Fine jewelry fav Bulgari and downtown darling Alexander Wang joined forces on a bag collab that melds all the right edginess and luxury in one fab belt bag.BVLGARI Serpenti Through the Eyes of: Alexander Wang Belt Bag, Limited edition, $3,750.00, Bulgari boutiques. A fun new shape, a cool new color. Pair with winter whites or easy denim and just try not to be photographed. Nothing quite pulls together an all-white look like a chic camel clutch tucked under your arm. Coach bag, $995, coach.com. SHOP NOW This tote tells a whole story we want to know more about. Celine tote, $1250, celine.com. SHOP NOW Evening calls for something with a little attitude, and McQueen is happy to comply with this little clutch with silver chain and decidedly flask-esque vibes. Prada nylon bags are back and better than ever. We're on board for this little baby bucket. When in doubt, girls are hitting up resale sites for old favorites that always feel fresh. A little animal print goes a long way and this outfit-making bag feels right on time. There's been a return to ladylike glamour—and this is the emerald green bag to match. You can't miss this bag coming through the door, and that's the way many fashion-show goers like it. After so many seasons of itty bitty mini bags, bigger is feeling better. We love the shape of this winner.
 BAZAAR's Editor-in-Chief remembers the late designer.  The world is a less beautiful place today. Karl Lagerfeld was a visionary right until the end. His mastery—of fabric, design, silhouette, and the very process of creative reinvention—was a breathtaking thing to behold. His creations were so exquisite, I have been known to shed a tear. "His mastery—of fabric, design, silhouette, and the very process of creative reinvention—was a breathtaking thing to behold." I first met Karl in 1988, when I became editor in chief of Marie Claire in the U.K. Over the years, he has given me some of my greatest fashion memories. Each season I would visit him in Paris at his atelier for a preview of the Chanel collection before the show. When I arrived at my hotel room, there would be a small rain forest waiting for me with a handwritten note from Karl saying how much he was looking forward to our meetings. The arrangements were different each time, but one thing was consistent: their size. They were so big, it would often take six people to get them through the door.  Karl was extremely kind and generous. I will always treasure the many drawings he did of me and the thoughtful notes he sent, explaining in detail what he particularly liked about Bazaar. He would do the same with other designers. He would write to them and send flowers before their shows.    I always looked forward to seeing Karl in Paris. I remember one time, we broke into a spontaneous cha-cha during one of the fittings, and the whole atelier stopped and started to applaud. Another one of my favorite memories was when Karl threw a ball for Stephen Gan and me at his private home in Paris. We danced until the early hours of the morning!  In those early days, I would have dinner in Paris with Karl, just the two of us. I would turn up in a dress—it didn’t matter whose dress it was—and he would tell me the origin of the design. He would say, “I know where that inspiration came from.” And then he would explain that it was based on an original design from Madame Grès or Vionnet or Schiaparelli. He had an encyclopedic knowledge of fashion and a deeper well of aesthetic references than anyone I’ve ever met.    Over the years, Karl participated in dozens of stories for Harper’s Bazaar. I once got Karl to do an imaginary conversation with Chanel. He loved it so much, he asked French actress Jeanne Moreau to do the voice over as Coco Chanel. And the tape was sold at Le Bon Marché! We featured Karl with Choupette’s ears; he also dressed up as a rapper and then later as a vampire. When we convinced Takashi Murakami, who had never done portraiture before, to create a portfolio of designers, Karl gamely posed, ultimately purchasing the image from the artist and hanging it in the Chanel offices. Later, when Murakami did his exhibit “The Octopus Eats Its Own Leg,” Karl not only posed alongside the creature, but took the picture himself. At the time, he said he identified with the octopus. If I ever asked designers to do some outlandish idea, they would all agree to do it if Karl participated in the piece. From star signs to aesthetic opposites, no conceit was too out there if Karl was on board.     Karl also had a wicked sense of humor. In 2008, when I received my Order of the British Empire from Queen Elizabeth, Karl told me he wanted to design a couture Chanel suit for me and asked what color the medal was. I told him it was pink. I arrived in Britain and opened up the garment bag, expecting to see pink and instead there was a navy blue suit. So I wrote him a note and said, “Oh, well, navy blue is the pink of England.” And we cried laughing!    As fastidious as Karl was about many things, punctuality was not one of them. He was notorious for being late. Whether I was visiting him at his home or meeting him for drinks at Café Flore, I would always go with a big book and expect to wait two hours for his arrival. He also hated people remembering his birthday. The only gift I ever gave him which I think he liked was a pair of custom-made Chrome Hearts “KL” cuff links. Everyone from his atelier called me to say what a success they had been.   "From star signs to aesthetic opposites, no conceit was too out there if Karl was on board." I first knew Karl was ill when I visited him at his atelier and he didn’t walk me out to the elevator. That’s when I realized something was wrong. Because he always escorted me out. The last time I saw him, we were talking about our next collaboration! He was excited. “That is the best idea I’ve ever heard!” he said without hesitation. And I thought to myself, “That’s high praise indeed, coming from the master.” There will never be another Karl. He will live on in our hearts—and the pages of Bazaar—forever.
 "How dope would it have been to see some curves on the runway?" If, like Jim Carrey, you thought New York Fashion Week was "meaningless," you might want to rethink your opinion. From Nicki Minaj calling out designers for appropriating black culture and then not including black models in their shows, to Ashley Graham's lingerie show, which proved to be a true celebration of diversity, this season has prompted some important discussions. And now, Ashley has called out Rihanna for her her lack of curvy representation in her Fenty x Puma show.  Speaking to Yahoo Style, Ashley had a few comments to make after attending the Fenty show: "I was at Fenty last night, and that was an amazing show. But how dope would it have been to see some curves on the runway?"  FENTY FENTY FENTY A post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Sep 12, 2017 at 3:27pm PDT Graham also said she's saddened that after last season's strong showing of plus-size models, the momentum has since cooled on the spring runways.  
From: Cosmopolitan UK

 Can you tell they're not real people? Balmain has introduced a new gang of supermodels—but, they're not real. This season, creative director Olivier Rousteing has opted for a "virtual army" of digitally manufactured models to wear his newest collection. "Anyone and everyone is always welcome to join Balmain army's growing ranks — they need only share our bold spirit of adventure as our new virtual icons, Margot, Shudu and Zhi who mirror the beauty, the rock style and the confident power," says  Balmain's official website. The lifelike models were created by photographer Cameron-James Wilson, who famously created Shudu in 2017.  The clothing is "styled" by CLO Virtual Fashion, which creates hyperrealistic, 3D garment simulations.  Shudu is known as the "world's first digital super model." Her Instagram page has almost 140,000 followers, and she's already been featured in campaigns for Fenty Beauty and editorial shoots for Women's Wear Daily and Cosmopolitan.  The popularity of virtual models is definitely on the rise. Lil Miquela, a character created by Trevor McFedries and Sara Decou as a digital art project, has over 1 million followers on Instagram and models high fashion looks, along with promoting multiple charitable organizations to help bring awareness to their causes.  Balmain's Rousteing is known for his edgy style and focus on bringing the French fashion house to the forefront of the digital age.  "We need to change. We need to push boundaries. We need to talk to the new generation. We need to make fashion relevant," he said in a video for the New York Times last year. Earlier this year, Rousteing created "My City of Lights," which is a virtual reality experience and headset to help people understand his creative process. In a promo video for Balmain, he says he wanted to help "bridge the gap between fashion and technology." 
 Bembien founder Yi-Mei Truxes tells us what makes her collection so special.   When we first presented emerging label Bembien, the brand’s line of woven bags sold out almost immediately. This season, founder Yi-Mei Truxes is expanding her collection and has added artisan-crafted rosewood hoops, chic silk scarves and new bag styles we're obsessed with. The former executive turned designer shares the vision behind the brand, what inspired the new pieces, her favorite style icons and more.  Describe the beginnings of your brand.Bembien was inspired by a woman I saw while walking to work—she was so effortless and carefree (very 1970s coastal France), wearing a gorgeous white linen dress, strappy sandals…and the most incredible straw bag. It was like nothing I had ever seen before (raw, effortless, almost disheveled), and I knew it was the bag that made her outfit so uniquely chic.      Bembien bag, $240, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW What makes the exclusive ShopBAZAAR earrings so special?The Alix hoop pairs a classic shape with an unexpected material: rosewood. Inspired by ‘60s Paris, it will add the perfect mixture of romance and independence to your outfit.  Bembien earrings, $40, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW5 words to describe the Bembien customer?Confident, independent, thoughtful, feminine, and natural. Favorite style icons?Jane Birkin, Françoise Hardy, and Jeanne Damas.    The Simone Scarf in Crème 😍❤️ A post shared by @ bembien on Dec 7, 2018 at 12:02pm PST   
 The new exhibition is a reminder that fashion is best when it doesn't take itself too seriously. A lot of people are still confused about what "camp," the theme of this year's Met Gala, actually means. But as soon as you set foot in the Metropolitan Museum of Art's new costume exhibit, all becomes clear: Camp has nothing to do with tie-dying t-shirts at summer camp. It has everything to do with basking in the fabulousness, irony, and humor of being extra. From Balenciaga's towering platform Crocs to Björk's infamous swan dress and the Mugler oyster shell gown Cardi B wore to the Grammys, the "Camp: Notes on Fashion" exhibit is an exploration of how over-the-top fashion (or more accurately, FASHUN) has been used as both a form of expression and escapism throughout history. The concept was inspired by Susan Sontag's 1964 essay that defines camp as "love of the unnatural: of artifice and exaggeration." Though Sontag took camp mainstream, the aesthetic originally stems from queer culture and dates back to the 17th century. Still, the art of camp remains hard to define to this day.  But in our current divisive political landscape filled with polarizing Internet opinions and a never-ending news cycle, camp is more timelier now than ever. "We're experiencing a resurgence of camp not only in fashion, but in culture in general, " Andrew Bolton, curator of The Costume Exhibit said at the exhibition's preview this morning. "Camp tends to come during times of cultural instability."  Why is that, exactly? Well, what better way to process times of chaos and instability than through extreme fashion that serves as a fun form of escapism? It can be theatrical, it can be ironic, it can even be humorous, but no matter what, camp is a crucial way of capturing and expressing the zeitgeist of any time period in culture.   Camp has arrived! 🎉🎉 Tonight we host the 2019 Costume Institute Benefit celebrating “Camp: Notes on Fashion,” open to the public this Thursday, May 9. 👆Watch our IG Story for a sneak peek inside the exhibition and join us here later for live coverage of The Met Gala red carpet, starting at 6pm EDT. #MetCamp #MetGala A post shared by  The Met (@metmuseum) on May 6, 2019 at 8:37am PDT In an age of toxic masculinity in Trump's America, it's now more important than ever to hold onto and highlight camp's original roots: the LGBTQ community.  The first part of the exhibit looks back to queer subcultures of Europe and America that largely defined and explored homosexuality through camp in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. There are portraits of nude male bodies by photographers like Robert Mapplethorpe and Thomas Eakins, as well as a statue of the Greek God Antinous, Hadrian’s lover, which Bolton refers to as the “archetypical camp pose.” Today's camp movement can be largely defined by drag culture.  “Camp: Notes on Fashion” explores the origins of camp’s exuberant aesthetic and how the sensibility evolved from a place of marginality to become an important influence on mainstream culture. #MetCamp pic.twitter.com/hoiLo9Djv4 While the first half of the exhibit highlights the early, less obvious stages of camp, the second half is an ode to "deliberate camp," which is the more in-your-face side of camp. Think Viktor & Rolf's meme-able couture gowns that read "Less Is More" and "Sorry I'm Late I Didn't Want to Come." Think Moschino sending Gigi Hadid and Kaia Gerber down the runway dressed as human-sized floral bouquets. Think wearing a giant feathered swan on your head instead of a baseball cap.    To put it most simply, it's basically just a room full of the most FASHUN pieces from the last few decades that none of your relatives on Facebook would ever understand—and that's the most fun part of it all.      Camp is just another word for FASHUN, HUNNY‼️ When I have kids, this is how I’m going to dress to pick them up from school. Enjoy these crooked/blurry sneak peaks at the Met’s new Costume Exhibit before tonight’s #metgala lewks... A post shared by  Lauren Alexis Fisher (@laurenalexisnyc) on May 6, 2019 at 8:57am PDT  Still confused about camp? Don't feel bad, Bolton himself says the term is "nearly impossible to define or summarize." Perhaps that's the point of it all. Either way, the exhibit is a reminder that fashion is at its most fun when it's not taking itself too seriously.   The Met's Camp: Notes on Fashion exhibition opens to the public on Thursday, May 9.    
 She wore the accessory straight off Brandon Maxwell's Spring 2019 runway.  From the runway to the street style scene, New York Fashion Week is gracing us with plenty of looks worth trying next season. But last night, Gigi Hadid one-upped them all with a real LEWK worn straight off the Brandon Maxwell runway. While attending the #BoF500 dinner, the model stepped out in a striking yellow dress from the designer's Spring 2019 collection, which showed on Saturday. And although the dress itself was stunning, it was her handbag that was the real stuff of legends. The clear t0p-handle box bag held nothing but a bottle of sparkling rosé—because, really, what more does one need to carry?   How truly embarrassing for all the people who thought handbags were invented to carry around trivial necessities like your wallet, lipstick, and keys? This is so obviously the sole purpose of a woman's purse, people.  Throughout the night, the iconic rosé-filled bag made it into Gigi's many group photo ops with the likes of her sister Bella, Tiffany Haddish, and other party attendees.  Though Gigi walked at the Brandon Maxwell show where the bag made its debut, she was not one of the lucky models who got to tote it down the designer's Texas-themed runway. The collection also included clear bags that held cowboy hats from the designer's chic new collaboration with Gigi Burris (though we're slightly partial to the ones carrying the rosé, obviously). Next spring's bag trends are already shaping up to be fresh and fun, but this one truly takes the spot of our most-coveted so far. 
 Your guide to what you'll be wearing as it heats up—inspired by ladies we love. From lavender dreams to pretty florals, polka dots and trench dresses—get the full story on what's happening in the world of frocks this spring.  The look in florals now is utterly feminine and unabashedly pretty—evidenced by Laura Harrier in Brock and this wear-all-spring Doen slip dress. Doen dress, $198, shopdoen.com.  SHOP Take the French girl mini printed silk dress, swap ballet flats for sneakers and make it American-girl approved. Rixo London dress, $345, net-a-porter.com. SHOP You simply can never go wrong in gingham—as Blake Lively recently proved in Monse. Caroline Constas dress, $520, carolineconstas.com. SHOP A deep v and navy print make this dress ready for work with a jacket—or stand along for a perfect first date look. Rouje dress, $195, rouje.com. SHOP Channel Margot Robbie and go bold in a big cat print. Ganni dress, $160, mytheresa.com. SHOP A trench dress gives the classic cool of a coat with the innovation of an unexpected dress.  CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC, $2,700, net-a-porter.com. SHOP There's no faster way to feel pulled-together yet girly a la Yara Shahidi than a pretty pink dress. Magda Butrym dress, $1310, shopBAZAAR.com.SHOP Ulla Johnson dress, $520, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Polka dots are here to stay—but this time make it mini like Kendall Jenner. Saint Laurent dress, $1,490, mytheresa.com. SHOP Victoria Beckham convinced us in this statement number—red for spring is in. Staud dress, $350, net-a-porter.com. SHOP The white dress with Victoriana vibes somehow feels like a throw-back and perfectly right now. Cult Gaia dress, $658, cultgaia.com. SHOP From bold shoulders, sweeping ruffles and one-shoulder versions, get creative below the neck this season. Loveshackfancy dress, $295, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A sweeping shirt dress hits every style target. Tory Burch dress, $448, toryburch.com. SHOP Off-the-shoulder is here to stay—make it modern in a buttercup shade. Cushnie et Ochs dress, $2,195, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 For when you've got Zara and H&M fatigue.  We’ve all been there before: the sheer excitement over an inexpensive, on-trend find at Zara only to discover that a million other women have already scooped up the same exact item. When it comes to affordable fashion finds, the options can sometimes seem limited—Zara, H&M, Topshop etc.—but for those looking to add budget-friendly pieces into your closet, there are plenty of lesser known online sites to scour. Click through to shop some of our favorites that won’t break the bank.  Shop If you're a fan of Zara but not a fan of wearing the same exact trendy pieces as everyone else, Genuine People is your sartorial savior. The e-commerce site offers up a sophisticated take on the latest trends, with new batches of product coming in every week. Prices range mostly between $60 and $200, making it a little more expensive than your typical fast fashion spot–but the upgraded quality of the apparel makes up for it.  SHOP Emerging as one of Instagram's hottest brands to watch, you've probably seen your favorite influencers and A-listers rocking I Am Gia already. From cool tracksuits to oversized teddy bear bombers and coordinating separate sets, the brand offers the edgy streetwear that's missing in your wardrobe—with prices ranging mostly under $100.  Shop With more unexpected pieces and playful patterns, Front Row Shop stands out from some of the other trend-driven sites. The unique prints and fabrics are still on-trend, but don't replicate the oft-similar styles featured at other retailers.  Shop the items pictured: Front Row Shop shearling patchwork jacket, $129; sweater, $199;  checked boyfriend jeans, $63, frontrowshop.com. SHOP For the fashion lovers who appreciate comfort that doesn't sacrifice style, Lou & Grey is your new go-to. From the softest fabrics to must-have sweaters and this incredible pink teddy bear jacket (pictured in the middle) these and chic loungewear-friendly items are essential for any wardrobe. The best part? Prices range mostly under $100 for high-quality items that you'll wear season after season.  SHOP If you haven't heard of Tictail Market yet, consider it your new destination for all the most unique designs from local and up-and-coming designers around the world. The Sweden-founded site fosters some of the coolest, under-the-radar designers across the globe—specifically highlighting and fostering many women-owned companies. From apparel to accessories and art, the curated shops on the site feature an affordable range of items that feel fresh and special—and you probably won't see a flock of others wearing the same exact outfit as you when you shop here. The site also has a store location at 90 Orchard St. in New York worth checking out.  Shop the items pictured: Nicojda velvet jacket, $117; Toba sweatshirt, $95; Jam + Rico earrings, $75, tictail.com. SHOP Based in New York, this newly-launched site offers a curated selection of fashion and interior pieces inspired by different style cultures around the world. From velvet duster jackets to floral blouses and shearling jackets, Coveted Style's range of products not only make for chic wardrobe additions, they're also all under $200—making it an ideal, budget-friendly way to upgrade both your home and your closet.  SHOP The amount of products to sort through on PrettyLittleThing's site can seem a little overwhelming, but there are plenty of good (and inexpensive) finds to scoop up. While the going-out pieces can stray a little clubby, there are great affordable outerwear pieces and daytime dresses to wear to the office. The prices are also low, with most retailing under $40.  Shop the items pictured: PrettyLittleThing white shirtdress, $42; striped culottes, $25; and faux shearling jacket, $115, prettylittlething.us. Shop If you're looking to step up your top and skirt game, Pixie Market is the place to do so. With dramatic bell-sleeved blouses, chunky oversized sweaters, corset-embellished tees and chic mini skirts, there are plenty of pieces to make for a standout wardrobe. The site also has outerwear, dresses, bottoms and accessories, almost all of which are under $200.  Shop Originating from and inspired by the Miami fashion scene, Style Mafia's on-trend pieces range from matching co-ord sets to outerwear and cocktail dresses. Featuring unique cuts and silhouettes, most items range between $80 and $180. SHOP Similar to Pixie Market, Storets excels in unique blouses, mini skirts, and coordinating separates. The site’s penchant for trendy pieces (most of which have price tags under $80) makes it the perfect stop for more fashion-forward items each season.  Shop the items pictured: Storets jacket and mini skirt set, $114; off-the-shoulder sweater, $68; leather skirt, $92, storets.com.
 "Don’t change yourself .. Change the GAME!!" Model Halima Aden made Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue history by becoming the first Muslim woman to wear a hijab and burkini in the magazine. While the annual issue has been around since 1964 and has given us legends such as Tyra Banks, Christy Brinkley, and Kate Upton (who famously sported barely-there bathing suits), this year's installment marks the first time the magazine has incorporated these modest styles into its editorials.  Aden, who is Somali-American, was born in Kenya and lived at the Kakuma Refugee Camp until she was seven years old before moving to the U.S., according to SI Swim. Her editorial came full circle when the crew photographed the 21-year-old model in her picturesque homeland.   “I never really felt represented, because I never could flip through a magazine and see a girl who was wearing a hijab.” @halima #shatteringperceptions #SISwim • • • @hemingwayscollection @officialkenyaairways #HemingwaysWatamu #LetKQTakeYouThere A post shared by  Sports Illustrated Swimsuit (@si_swimsuit) on Apr 29, 2019 at 8:19am PDT "We brought her to both the turquoise water and white sand beaches of coastal Malindi and the mind-blowing Masai Mara at Hemingway’s Ol Seki Mara Camp," editor M.J. Day told People. "Everything she saw was a first for her, and when we touched down on the airstrip on the Mara, there were giraffes roaming around, just seemingly waiting for us right there and she just lost it." For Aden, the opportunity to take part in a momentous shoot without compromising her morals and values is both exciting and validating. She posted a stunning image from the shoot and behind-the-scenes video to her Instagram, along with an empowering caption:     Don’t change yourself .. Change the GAME!! Ladies anything is possible!!! Being in Sports Illustrated is so much bigger than me. It’s sending a message to my community and the world that women of all different backgrounds, looks, upbringings... can stand together and be celebrated. Thank you so much @si_swimsuit & the entire team for giving me this incredible opportunity. A post shared by  Halima (@halima) on Apr 29, 2019 at 11:21am PDT  Lensed by photographer Yu Tsai, Aden wore two custom-made burkinis, one of which was created by Cynthia Rowley, according to ELLE. "When we were approached to create a custom burkini for Halima, I was so honored," Rowley said in a press release. "Halima is making strides in the industry through her powerful voice and she is now the first model in history to wear a burkini in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue. This moment in particular marks a huge win for women’s empowerment, shattering outdated standards of beauty and identity in the industry."  Like her peers Priyanka Chopra, Vanessa Williams, and Olivia Culpo, Aden previously competed in beauty pageants. When she was 19 years old in 2016, Aden participated in the Miss Minnesota USA competition and wore her hijab throughout the event, according to the Today Show. She also wore a burkini during the swimwear portion of the event.  Although she only made it to the semi-finals of the pageant, Aden eventually signed with IMG Models. (Gisele Bundchen, Alek Wek, and a slew of Victoria's Secret Angels are all signed to the agency). Since then, she's landed various campaigns (Fenty Beauty!!), editorials, and walked down numerous runways (including Kanye West's Yeezy season five show).
 The past and future collide at Paris couture.  Valentino Haute Couture dress, price upon request, valentino.com; Chopard earrings, price upon request, chopard.com. BEAUTY BAZAAR: Get attention-grabbing eyes with Clinique All About Shadow Single in Raspberry Beret and Lagoon ($17 each)  Schiaparelli Haute Couture cape, dress, and shoes, price upon request, schiaparelli.com. BEAUTY BAZAAR: Caress Evenly Gorgeous Exfoliating Body Wash reveals alluringly soft skin ($4)  Armani Privé top, skirt, and hat, price upon request, armani.com; Cartier necklace and earrings, price upon request, cartier.com.   Dior Haute Couture dress and belt, price upon request, dior.com. Fendi Haute Fourrure dress and shoes, price upon request, fendi.com; Van Cleef & Arpels necklace and rings, price upon request, vancleefarpels.com. Model: Grace Elizabeth; Hair; Yusuke Taniguchi; Makeup: Tom Pecheux for YSL Beauty; Manicure: Anny Errandonea; Production: Céline Guillerm for octopix.fr. 
 Who cares what you wear when you have these on your sleeve… From shiny cross bodies to embellished top handles and clutches that are tied with a bow, the chic is strong in these evening bags. Get in the holiday spirit.  Valentino, $3,375, mytheresa.com. SHOP Calvin Klein 205W39NYC, $1,280, barneys.com. SHOP Attico bag, $396, mytheresa.com. SHOP Eddie Borgo bags, $390, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Cult Gaia bag, $298, farfetch.com. SHOP Kayu clutch, $232, mytheresa.com. SHOP Salvatore Ferragamo bag, $1,390, ferragamo.com. SHOP Jeffrey Levinson bag, $1,250, barneys.com. SHOP Jimmy Choo bag, $1,995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Gucci bag, $980, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Kara bag, $395, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Les Petits Joueurs bag, $537, farfetch.com. SHOP Miu Miu bag, $2,200, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Perrin Paris clutch, $2,200, farfetch.com. SHOP Prada bag, $2,950, farfetch.com. SHOP The Row bag, $2,690, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 The super closed the show at Marc Jacobs.  We've been graced with supermodel runway appearances from Naomi, Kate, Cindy, Carla, and Claudia in the last couple years, but one super who's notably remained off the runway? Christy Turlington Burns.  All of that changed tonight when the legendary model came out of runway retirement to close the show at Marc Jacobs. The appearance marked her first on the catwalk in over 20 years, with her last walk taking place back in the 1990s. For her grand return, Christy hit the runway in a black feather cocktail dress with a matching fascinator and black leather boots.   Just one month after turning 50 years old, the supermodel looked as stunning as ever in the show. The last time she walked a runway for Marc Jacobs was back in 1993, when she modeled his famous grunge collection for Perry Ellis. Her look tonight, however, was anything but grunge.    On Instagram, the supermodel explained why she returned to the runway after all these years. "I turned 50 this year and have arrived at a place where 'Why the F not' is the answer that comes up when I ask myself questions," she wrote.  But her 15-year-old daughter, Grace Burns, also played a part in the decision. "I have a 15 year old daughter who I desperately want to see and hear me and this is a medium that 'speaks' to her," Turlington explained before crediting today's generation of models for inspiring her daughter. "So, thank you’s are in order, @karliekloss @gigihadid and @kaiagerber and all the lovely young women I have met briefly in the recent past or met tonight. You are ALL women I would want my daughter to emulate in your grace, confidence and elegance."   About tonight! OMG @themarcjacobs invited me to close his beautiful show tonight and I couldn’t resist. A. I have known and loved this man since I met him at age 16. B. I turned 50 this year and have arrived at a place where “Why the F not” is the answer that comes up when I ask myself questions. C. I have a 15 year old daughter who I desperately want to see and hear me and this is a medium that “speaks”to her. So, thank you’s are in order, @karliekloss @gigihadid and @kaiagerber and all the lovely young women I have met briefly in the recent past or met tonight.  You are ALL women I would want my daughter to emulate in your grace, confidence and elegance. Always reassuring to have @guidopalau @diane.kendal @stephenjonesmillinery and @kegrand encouraging you on and making you look and feel your best. And while that muscle did not hurt as much as I would have thought to exercise again, after 20 plus years, I am not certain I could beat the experience of tonight or wish to try! Now I can say exactly when and for whom I last walked a runway and feel so proud and grateful to all the forces of nature who made it possible! 😘@1.800.newbold & Congratulations for all of the amazing people who put shows like this together. I am in awe of the efforts I was able to witness firsthand and truly appreciate from a new perspective over the last couple of days all the effort that goes in. Bravo! A post shared by  Christy Turlington Burns (@cturlington) on Feb 13, 2019 at 6:46pm PST As for whether her daughter will follow in her modeling footsteps? Christy  Turlington Burns wasn't the only notable name to walk Marc Jacobs' Fall 2019 show though. Karlie Kloss and Lindsey Wixson, both of whose runway cameos are rare these days, hit the catwalk along with Kaia Gerber and Gigi Hadid.  Leave it to Marc to close out New York Fashion Week with a truly epic casting.  Watch the full Marc Jacobs Fall 2019 runway show below:
 No fall wardrobe is complete without these trend-defining must-haves.  From statement boots to shearling bombers, no fall wardrobe is complete without these trend-defining must-haves. A sheer white blouse with a lacy eyelet collar and cuffs offers a feminine touch.  Chloé jumpsuit, $1,195, blouse, $2,395, bag, $1,490, shopbazaar.com; Simone Rocha earrings, $425, similar styles available at shopbazaar.com; Dior Timepiece watch, price upon request, dior.com.  With a cool inverted heel, this accessory du jour roars in animal print.  Kate Spade New York dress, $428, katespade.com; Woldford tights, $49, wolford.com; 1884 Collection bracelet, $8,000, 1884collection.com; Vahan Jewelry ring, $6,250, vahanjewelry.com; Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello boots, $4,000, similar styles available at shopbazaar.com. The cropped retro jacket continues to reign with this cozy texture.  Longchamp jacket, $3,210, longchamp.com; The Kooples turtleneck, $495, similar styles available at thekooples.com; Karl Lagerfeld Paris jeans, $90, karllagerfeldparis.com; Tod's bag, $2,425, and mini bag (worn around neck,) $645, tods.com; Harry Winston bracelet, $9,000, harrywinston.com. The update on the classic staple featuring a voluminous jacket and mid-calf trousers, comes adorned with pearl details.  Ellery jacket, $2,195, and pants, $2,995, shopbazaar.com; Simone Rocha earrings, $265, shopbazaar.com. Stuart Weitzman shoes, $385, stuartweitzman.com. Streamline your style and make a major statement with this hip new player.  Maje dress, $570, maje.com; Lagos earrings, $1,750, lagos.com; Gucci belt bag, $1,890, similar styles available at shopbazaar.com; Tibi shoes, $475, similar styles available at shopbazaar.com. Dress head to toe in the season's chicest look with a structured bag, cigarette pants, boots, and a long wool coat.  Akris coat, $6,950, blouse, $1,190, and pants, $895, akris.com; Patek Phillippe watch, patek.com; Hearts on Fire rings, $1,125-$1,850, heartsonfire.com.  Stay warm in a standout oversize fur vest or coat. Yves Salomon coat, $12,740, yves-salomon.fr. The Kooples pants, $270, thekooples.com; Eddie Borgo earrings, $275, shopbazaar.com; Jennifer Fisher rings, $245-$285, jenniferfisherjewelry.com. Hair: Tommy Buckett for Garnier; Makeup; Rommy Najor.
 Never-before-seen shoes will be on display alongside iconic designs. In February of next year, a landmark exhibition of Christian Louboutin's designs will open at Paris's Palais de la Porte Dorée—and for fashion historians and red sole-devotees alike, the retrospective should be a must-see. The show will display a selection of designs from Louboutin's oeuvre, which by his own estimate comprises over 15,000 shoes and boots. Among them will be pieces from his personal collection, some of which have never been seen before. Other shoes set to make their public debut? The sartorial results of Louboutin's many collaborations. Expect stained-glass made with Maison du Vitrail, a silver Sevillian palanquin, and many more off-the-wall creations. The show will also include references that have inspired Louboutin's collections. Many of the designer's favorite creatives—like director David Lynch, designer pair Whitaker Malem, choreographer Blanca Li, and artists Lisa Reihana and Imran Qureshi—have developed relationships with Louboutin, and collaborated with him in turn. This exchange his key to Louboutin's success, as he continues to crank out hundreds of shoe designs year after year, with no creative plateau in sight. "Where ever I go, there is always a garden to see, or a museum, a church, a concert, some element of architectural design," Louboutin says, per Vogue Paris. "The main tool I use to stay inspired is open-mindedness, I try to go where others won’t." The as-now-untitled exhibition will be on view from February 25 to July 28, 2020 at the Palais de la Porte Dorée. Olivier Gabet, the director of Paris's Museum of Decorative Arts, is curating the show. 
From: Town & Country US

 The model joins Ashley Graham and more in the brand's new ads.  From a range of ages to body types, Swimsuits for All has become known for its swimsuit ads featuring diverse casts of women. In its latest campaign, titled 'Power Suit,' the brand tapped a group of women ages 30 to 67 years old to show off its newest swim styles for summer. And starring front and center in the new ads is none other than the legendary Brooke Shields.   Swimsuits for All red bikini, $50, SHOP At 52 years old, the model/actress sizzles in a red bikini in a series of photos—and she looks incredible. Appearing in both group photos and her own solo shots, Shields poses in her power suit of choice (a red bikini, of course), but admitted she hasn't always felt so confident in her body:  "Growing up under such scrutiny led me to feel insecure about my looks...And now, after 50 years in the spotlight, I can confidently say that my 'Power Suit' is being in my own skin, showing my body and not hiding it. I loved being able to share that with these women who have also come to that realization," Shields said in a statement from the brand.   Swimsuits for All red bikini, $50, SHOP Shields is one of five women featured in the campaign—all of whom come from different professions, are different ages, and have different body types. The rest of the cast includes 67-year-old professional swimmer Pat Gallant Charette, 30-year-old reality star Angela Simmons, 37-year-old nurse practitioner Katie Duke, and 30-year-old Ashley Graham—Swimsuits for All's frequent collaborator.  The purpose of the "Power Suit" campaign is to empower women to feel just as confident in their bathing suits as they do in their professional attire. And if you're in need of some swimsuit confidence this summer (and really, who isn't?), look no further than the campaign images and video below.   Ditch your work attire. The swimsuit is the new #PowerSuit. Your only job is to wear one. See the campaign via link in bio. Featuring: @brookeshields, @ashleygraham, @angelasimmons, @thekatieduke and @gallantcharette A post shared by  Swimsuits For All (@swimsuitsforall) on May 21, 2018 at 11:42am PDT     SHOP SWIMSUITS FOR ALL
 The designer is parting ways with the brand "effective immediately."  The announcement that Raf Simons is leaving Calvin Klein has come as somewhat of a surprise. The New York Times broke the news on Friday, revealing that Simons' departure comes "six months before his contract was due for renewal, and is effective immediately." No successor has been named, and it's unclear what the next steps will be for either the brand or the designer. The New York Times notes that the relationship between Simons and the brand was irreparably fractured last month when the chief executive of the corporation that owns Calvin Klein apparently appeared to blame the chief creative officer for declining sales.     The Calvin Klein Collection was renamed as Calvin Klein 205W39NYC under Raf Simons, and created the perfect opportunity for the brand to revisit some of its most iconic designs, while reimagining key looks through the creative director's own inimitable lens. A new HQ was opened in Paris back in March 2018, with a view to showing Simons' collections in the architecturally impressive space.   SUBSCRIBE
 Introducing Le 17 Septembre, BITE Studios, The Sant, and Naturae Sacra for the FW19 season of the Vanguard. To lead or not to lead? That is the question that Net-a-Porter set out to answer when it launched the Vanguard, a program for dawning designers who receive mentorship from and have their labels stocked by the e-commerce site. In the Vanguard's third season, Net-a-Porter has announced the four new brands it plans to catapult into the fashion limelight in the upcoming fall/winter season. For the first time since the program's genesis, the site scouted for new Vanguard representatives through Instagram, sifting through the endless cache of online brands by focusing on sustainability. The fruit of its foraging? We introduce to you Le 17 Septembre, BITE Studios, The Sant, and Naturae Sacra.  "Over the past two seasons, we have loved witnessing the positive effect the Vanguard mentorship program has on these emerging brands. It's so important for us to be able to share our insight in a meaningful way and aim towards a shared goal of long-lasting success," said Elizabeth von der Goltz, the site's global buying director, in a press release. "One year after launch, we are thrilled to announce the next wave of exciting new designers who all offer something completely unique to the market." This Seoul-based label features minimalist pieces that add structure to any wardrobe. Eunhye Shin, a self-taught designer, launched Le 17 Septembre in 2013.  This luxury womenswear label, founded in 2016, makes sustainability the heart of its design. Its slinky camisoles and braided sweaters are all made of top-notch organic and recycled materials. This Barcelona-based brand features one-of-a-kind leather handbags. From the handles to the hardware finishes, each detail has been meticulously crafted.  Bags from Naturae Sacra are the love child of vintage-wear and minimalism. Resin handles and soft palettes make up the bread and honey of this Milan-based label.
 The model's latest collection for Swimsuits for All is here.  Ashley Graham is no stranger to empowering women to feel their best in swimsuits. Along with designing her own collections for Swimsuits for All, the model has starred in several campaigns for the brand—including last season's Moroccan beach shoot alongside her mom.   For her latest swim campaign, however, Graham is taking her body positivity up a level by posing in raw, unretouched paparazzi photos for the swimsuit ads.  In the series of images, the model can be seen frolicking on the beach in her latest bikini and one-piece swimsuit designs.  "I hope these images instill a fearless belief in everyone to be happy in their own skin and enjoy living in the moment, no matter who is watching," Graham said of the new photos in a statement from the brand. On Instagram, she added, "Reminder: being authentic is beautiful."  In an age of obsessive Photoshop and Facetuning Instagrams beyond recognition, the unedited photos serve as a breath of fresh air, reminding us all we don't have to stress over having "the perfect beach body." And as a crusader of the body positivity movement, that's been Graham's mission all along.  The model's ongoing collaboration with Swimsuits for All is meant to empower women of all sizes to embrace their bodies and feel sexy. Offering a range of inclusive sizes, the suits go from size 4- 34 and are almost all available to shop for under $100.    Shop the latest Ashley Graham x Swimsuits for All collection now at swimsuitsforall.com.
 This wasn't just about lingerie. La Perla set their sights high for the Spring 2018 collection—taking a bevy of supermodels including Natasha Poly and Liu Wen to stage a sexy runway show in Macao, China. It wasn't just about lingerie though, the brand showed off amazing ready-to-wear and couture pieces, inspired by the brand's lingerie history, as part of the Sands Macao Fashion Week. Click through to see every look from the show.
 Big bags are making a comeback next season.  For the past few seasons, bags have been shrinking into tinier and tinier sizes—but what's in store for Spring 2020?  According to the runways, big bags (or perhaps they're just regular-sized, who knows at this point?) are coming back for the crown. Oversized totes, hobo bags, and clutches accessorized many of the top spring collections from New York to Paris. From unexpected shapes to bold colors and textures, we're tracking all the best bags guaranteed to shape next season's trends. Follow along to see the standouts from the Spring 2020 runways in New York, London, Milan, and Paris—and get ready to finally make room for more than just your AirPods. 
 Lindbergh was behind the lens of some of fashion's most legendary imagery. Lindbergh was behind the lens of some of fashion's most iconic imagery. From capturing the '90s supermodels as angels, to his signature black and white portraits, his work made a statement on the pages of Harper's BAZAAR and beyond. Lindbergh's vision redefined fashion photography as a whole, highlighting natural beauty through his raw portraits and forgoing heavy airbrushing. His stunning photographs helped cement the status of the '90s supers we revere today, and his images will forever stand the test of time. Upon the news of his passing, we look back at some of the fashion photographer's most iconic images.  Amber Valletta in the December 1993 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Amber Valletta in the December 1993 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Amber Valletta in the December 1993 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Kate Moss, Harper's BAZAAR 1994.  Linda Evangelista, Harper's BAZAAR 1994. Naomi Campbell, Harper's BAZAAR 1997. Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista, Tatjana Patitz, Christy Turlington, and Cindy Crawford shot by Lindbergh in 1990 for British Vogue.  Claudia Schiffer in the September 2009 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Amber Valletta in the September 2009 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Helena Christensen in the September 2009 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Chanel Iman in Harper's BAZAAR, September 2009. Kate Moss in the March 2010 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Kate Moss in the March 2010 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Kate Moss in the March 2010 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Cindy Crawford in the September 2009 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Katie Holmes in the March 2007 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Harper's BAZAAR, April 2010. Kate Hudson in the September 2007 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Harper's BAZAAR, March 2007. Lucy Liu in the August 2008 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Sarah Jessica Parker in the March 2009 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Kate Winslet in the November 2012 issue of Harper's BAZAAR.
 The basics we can't live without.  The white T-shirt is an essential building block for good style—whether you're pairing it with your go-to jeans, layering it under your favorite knit or going rogue and mixing it with a ball gown. Here, our editors share the ones they hoard. The Row shirt, $320, barneys.com. SHOP  Rag & Bone t-shirt, $85, shopbop.com.  SHOP Frances de Lourdes t-shirt, $289, matchesfashion.com. SHOP James Perse shirt, $75, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Aritzia shirt, $30, aritzia.com.  SHOP Uniqlo shirt, $9.90, uniqlo.com. SHOP Everlane t-shirt, $18, everlane.com. SHOP Base Range shirt, $60, baserange.com. SHOP Frame t-shirt, $95, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP Theory t-shirt, $85, theory.com. SHOP H&M t-shirt, $13, hm.com. SHOP Re/Done x Hanes t-shirt, $77, fwrd.com. SHOP Zara t-shirt, $18, zara.com. SHOP Topshop t-shirt, $20, topshop.com.  SHOP
 Tracking the standout looks from this week's top collections.  As the Spring 2020 collections hit the runways at New York Fashion Week, we're keeping an eye on all the top looks defining the season. From the emerging trends to the standout pieces, we're spotlighting the top five runway looks from the week's standout collections. Consider it your ultimate sneak peek at the season ahead.  Marc Jacobs looked to none other than his own designs as reference for Spring 2020: those he showed 18 years ago on the night before 9/11 on Pier 54 in NYC. His show in 2019 took place at the Park Avenue Armory, “This show, like that show (2001) is a celebration of life, joy, equality, individuality, optimism, happiness, indulgence, dreams...” read the show notes. So let’s go back in time to a post-90s moment of exuberance. There were feathers and sequins on Kaia Gerber, Gigi and Bella Hadid, as well as bold suits, hats, flower embossed coats, tweedy jackets. In other words a hodgepodge of fashion as frivolity with a nod to icons past like Anita Pallenberg and Lee Radziwill. It sure is a good time, but does it align with our time? —Kerry Pieri Moscone has been a bit of a fashion insider secret, but that’s not going to last for long. The designer brought an audience to a Gramercy Park mansion to a show a ‘90s meets ‘60s collection that was nothing short of a winner. Inspired by the book Ninth Street Women, about female post war artists that changed the world, from Lee Krasner to Elaine de Kooning—women who may have been partners to famous male artists but artists in their own right. With screenplays on each seat and oil paintings hung in the pre-war space, it was a magical set-up for sleek, minimal clothes that leverage artful layering, some interesting prints, florals, and a deft melding of masculine and feminine. In other words, thoroughly modern with an appreciation for the past.  During a season of bright colors and prints, Dion Lee found beauty in a clean slate. In a collection of neutrals, defined by crisp white shirting and classic wardrobe pieces, it was the details that really made a mark. Utility bralettes worn both over dresses and solo made for a cool way to get Katie Holme’s recent cashmere bra look that the Internet still hasn’t recovered from. Then there were leather garder belts and harnesses that managed to look elegant when paired with turtleneck dresses and tailored blazers. It was a reminder that even the most simple and classic of pieces can feel exciting with the right details, styling, and accessories. —Lauren Alexis Fisher  There’s no mistaking a Brock Collection show—Victorian-inspired, ultra-feminine, full of frills, with just the right amount of edge. But this season, the brand felt more…grown up. Scoring a slot on the final day of New York Fashion Week, a coveted day reserved for the likes of landmark brands like Michael Kors and Marc Jacobs, the show mixed and matched cocktail attire with denim and ball gowns with trousers and flats in a way that felt like New Brock Collection. It seems that Laura Vassar and Kristopher Brock have evolved their forest-nymph-meets-Miss-Havisham into a more adult version of herself, one that isn’t afraid to dress up and down at the same time; one that isn’t afraid to loosen her pussy bow and her corset, and then throw on a pair of jeans. This collection didn’t feel overly polished, prim, or sentimental, but Vassar and Brock still brought the drama in the form of oversized bows, voluminous ball skirting, and billowing trains, albeit worn with rumpled denim. —Carrie Goldberg Michael Kors is taking back America. The Young People’s Chorus of New York sang Americana songs like notables by Simon and Garfunkel and “America the Beautiful” next to the water at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. The look was nautical meets ‘40s, a time when women went to work to help keep the country afloat amidst the upheaval of WWII. There were also cashmere knits with the word “hate” crossed out, some punchy lemon prints, and standout suiting. The word of the day was optimism, not an easy one to embrace, but nice to see nonetheless. —Kerry Pieri Gabriela Hearst put on fashion’s first carbon neutral show—even the models walked with wet hair to avoid the electricity from hair dryers. But the power came from referencing powerhouse ladies both real and mythic—Josephine Baker, the goddess Athena, female Kurdish fighters, and Maria Sibylla Merian, the German-born naturalist and scientific illustrator. The artisan-crafted pieces on the runway take minimal, streamlined ideas to special places—netting falling off of a black gown, a white coat with fringe, suits with slit trousers, an agate belt—that something cool and different that allows a woman stand out without allowing the clothes to wear her. —Kerry Pieri
 The piece that will transform your closet, and you. Each week on ShopBAZAAR.com, we feature one Hero—an item that deserves your keenest attention—carefully chosen by Harper's Bazaar editors. And we're taking style cues from our favorite It girls. Worn by Kate Bosworth, Karlie Kloss, Selena Gomez, Margot Robbie, Emily Ratajkowski, and Katy Perry, to name a few, Harley Viera-Newton’s vintage-inspired dresses have catapulted to fashion stardom. With a cute floral print and chic combination of retro, playful, and ladylike details, this dress is the piece you’ll wear on repeat with sandals in the spring and summer and combat boots in the fall. HVN dress, $675, shopbazaar.com SHOP   HVN dress, $675, shopbazaar.com, Gucci sunglasses, $415, shopbazaar.com, Heron Preston jacket, $652, shopbazaar.com, Lizzie Fortunato necklace, $550, shopbazaar.com,  Giorgio Armani lipgloss, $38, shopbazaar.com, Gianvito Rossi sandal, $595, shopbazaar.com, Brother Vellies bag, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP Ellery earrings, $495, shopbazaar.com, HVN dress, $675, shopbazaar.com, Larsson & Jennings watch, $310, shopbazaar.com, Woman by Common Projects sneaker, $410, shopbazaar.com, Tom Ford nail lacquer, $36, shopbazaar.com, Pierre Hardy bag, $1,195, shopbazaar.com, Le Specs sunglasses, $69, shopbazaar.com SHOP  HVN dress, $675, shopbazaar.com, J.W. Anderson earrings, $440, shopbazaar.com, Le Specs sunglasses, $69, shopbazaar.com, Simon Miller bag, $590, shopbazaar.com, Lancome mascara, $28, shopbazaar.com, Balenciaga shoe, $750, shopbazaar.com, Laura Mercier lipstick, $28, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Stiletto Ugg mules are also a thing now too.   Ugg boots may have garnered a reputation for being a bit...well, basic since their takeover in the early 2000s, but the latest styles are anything but. In collaboration with French fashion brand Y/Project, Ugg unveiled its latest shoe—and it's not the classic boot we've all grown accustomed to seeing. Hitting the runway at Paris Fashion Week, the newest Uggs are slouchy, thigh-high boots complete with stiletto heels.    The boots, which hit the runway in both black and the brand's signature chestnut hue, were modeled two ways: folded down and sky-high, with some of the boots looking more like Ugg pants in several looks. These are definitely not your Uggs reserved for coffee runs, walking the dog, or lazy days.    Also newly unveiled as part of the collaboration were a pair of high-heeled Ugg mules, worn with a pair of straight leg jeans.  "The UGG Classic boot is one of the most recognizable shoes in history. It's timeless and challenging design made it a worldwide statement. By reworking the Classic boot with a typical Y/Project twist such as the triple overlaps and the extra-long legs we want to celebrate the UGG brand's unique history," Glenn Martens, creative director of Y/Project, said in a statement from the brand.    Of course, this isn't the first time we've seen over-the-knee Ugg boots. Y/Project and Ugg previously collaborated last month during Men's Fashion Week in Paris on an array of thigh-high styles for both men and women.  Thigh-high Uggs, it seems, are really trying to happen this season. Are you on board? 
 Lily Kwong used to walk runways—now she designs landscapes. Here's how she stays stylish (and still green). You probably know Lily Kwong from her days gracing the glossy pages of magazines and working for fashion labels in New York and Paris. But lately, the California-born, New York-based model has been spending her time working on something slightly more down-to-earth: landscape design. But although her career has switched out of the fashion space, fashion isn’t removed from her life. Now, Kwong pays special attention to brands with sustainable practices and indeed, those that have more of a botanical and grounded feeling. Which is why a one-stop-shop like Saks, which carries ethical and sustainable brands like Stella McCartney, Maggie Marilyn and The Row, is an important destination. “I've always had an intuitive connection to plants,” says Kwong, who spent her childhood exploring the wild coast and moody forests of Northern California. It’s a connection that eventually lead her to pursue a degree in Urban Studies at Columbia University, and then a host of botanical-inspired projects with fashion brands like Maiyet—a natural progression, given all her fashion-world connections. Then, last year, things got more real: Kwong decided to go all-out and establish her own landscape design company, Studio Lily Kwong.  “It’s been the most fulfilling, challenging, and creative period of my life,” Kwong says. And indeed, her project calendar has been packed. She’s created a botanical sculpture at Miami’s Faena Hotel for Art Basel; constructed an immersive flower installation at the Houdini Mansion in L.A.; and transformed a quarter mile of New York’s High Line into a hanging garden of blooms as part of a collaboration with Saint Germain. “I often wondered if I wasted time interning at photo galleries or working in the fashion industry,” Kwong muses. “But as my work has developed, I’m able to see that all my interests are inextricably linked and my wide-ranging experience is responsible for my unique point of view. There is a gift and a lesson in every ‘false-start.’”   Fendi top, $1,100, saks.com; Fendi skirt, $990, saks.com; Fendi shoes, $750, saks.com That newfound sense of self and purpose has influenced other areas of her life, too—including her personal style. ”When I was in my early twenties, I was more swayed by trends,” she explains. “Now my closet is really tightly edited and I rely on pieces that suit my body and feel intentional. I also try my best to support mindful brands that either make thoughtful clothes or are sustainable—Stella McCartney, the Row, Mara Hoffman. What you wear reflects your values, and I believe in female creatives, art, and good vibes." Khaite jacket, $1,420, saks.com; The Row jacket, $3,290, saks.com; The Row pants, $2,390, saks.com; Oscar de la Renta earrings, $195, saks.com But despite the success—and press—her fledgling landscaping career has garnered, Kwong remains focused on her original intent: to help others reconnect with nature and to inspire them to be more in touch with their environments—and themselves. It’s something she believes in whole-heartedly, because she’s seen for herself how much these acts matter. “Reconnecting with nature completely transformed my career and, much more profoundly, my life," she says. "When I started working with plants again, my purpose became clear: my gift is alchemizing nature and culture, and bringing the natural world back into urban life.” Stella McCartney top, $875, saks.com; Stella McCartney pants, $895, saks.com; Manolo Blahnik shoes, $645, saks.com Kwong mentions a favorite quote by Clarissa Pinkol Estes, from her book Women Who Run With the Wolves: “‘Go out in the woods, go out. If you don’t go out in the woods nothing will ever happen and your life will never begin.’ Beyond spending more time in the physical woods, this advice also guided me out into my own mental and spiritual wilderness,” Kwong says. “I started unplugging from expectations, judgement, and timelines; I began building my own approach to life from the bottom up—and I relived myself of living for anyone else but me.”   3.1 Phillip Lim top, $650, saks.com; Carven skirt, $690, saks.com; Paul Andrew shoes, $695, saks.com This spring, Kwong will launch a floral pop-up at The Whitney Museum shop, followed by an installation on the High Line this summer. Then, this fall, she’ll unveil a project particularly close to her heart: the gardens of Shou Sugi Ban House, a 3-acre destination spa in Southampton. “I have been developing the design for well over a year, and it’s my first permanent commercial site—it feels like my firstborn,” says Kwong. “It's very aligned with my personal values and my passion in creating long-term green spaces that can evolve with a community: I am committed to working on more long-term development projects that are inclusive, inspiring, and sustainable.” Stella McCartney jumpsuit, $1,625, saks.com To that end, Kwong is quick to offer easy advice for anyone who wants to infuse their own day-to-day with more nature. “Go on hikes, plant a tree in your garden, cook vegetables for dinner, make your own herbal apothecary, give someone you love a plant,” she advises. “It starts with small gestures—it really is that simple. When you reconnect with plants, you recognize their healing properties. I believe human beings have an innate connection to nature—our bare feet are supposed to know the touch of soil, our lungs the feeling of fresh air. You will remember; your nervous system will calm down. You will start to care. Then you’ll start cultivating more life on all levels: in your little herb garden, in your community, in yourself.” Proenza Schouler top, $950, saks.com; Proenza Schouler skirt, $1,395, saks.com; Theory trench, $595, saks.com Styling by Gabrielle Marceca, Makeup by Mark Edio, Hair by Charles McNair
 As informed by Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, obviously. Of course, it goes without saying that a girl can get by with just the right puffer or cozy wool coat all winter long. But if we're talking about building an outwear wardrobe, look no further than Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and her well-curated toppers for inspiration. From a peacoat to a teddy to something camel, shop these 10 coats that are RHW approved.  Something animal print can help dress up those long days of denim and boots after denim and boots. A great camel coat is quite truly a forever piece. Find one that you'll love forever and ever.  The not-so-humble peacoat is the undercover secret of so many good late-fall and early-winter looks. We don't use the word smart in reference to clothing often, but it applies here. The secret to a great puffer is that you can basically climb Everest in it and still manage to look cute. Just take Huntington-Whiteley  for instance.  A shearling-and-leather jacket has cool factor and will keep you warm enough to saunter through the tundra that is NYC in the winter. It can be a long, gray winter—bring a little spark back with a vibrant-hued coat. A true must of those subject to the Northeast between the months of November and March, the teddy coat, especially this one by Max Mara, is as cozy  and outrageously warm as it is chic.  Take a cool plaid jacket as an opportunity to layer your best cashmere sweaters and tees. Though sometimes a giant puffer is called for, there are plenty of occasions for something less duvetlike.  A great “wear to the office or with jeans to brunch” black coat will take you miles all winter long.  We love the idea of a shiny statement jacket for winter; it proves we won't let this chill get us down or damper our killer sense of style.
 Another high fashion sneaker may be on its way.  Could Pharrell, Chanel, and Adidas all be teaming up for the next must-have sneaker? According to rumors and newly-surfaced images, it just might happen.  Footwear News reports that Pharrell's highly-coveted Adidas Human Race NMD sneakers may be getting the Chanel treatment after a mock-up photo of the rumored collaboration surfaced on Twitter.  adidas Originals x Pharrell x CHANEL NMD HUMAN RACE Coming soon #MafiaSZN pic.twitter.com/xPkms3gpNC Shared by streetwear account Yeezy Mafia, the images reveal two-tone black and white sneakers with “PHARRELL” embroidered down the left shoe and “CHANEL” down the right. Though it's unclear if and when the sneaker collaboration is happening, the account wrote that it was "coming soon." Though the collab hasn't been confirmed by Chanel or Adidas as of yet, this wouldn't be Pharrell's first time collaborating with either one of the fashion brands. Along with frequently wearing Chanel and attending the fashion house's runway shows, Pharrell also recently starred in the brand's handbag campaign. As for Adidas, the singer has several sneaker collaborations with the brand under his belt already.  If true, there's no doubt these sneakers will instantly sell out between the fashion and sneakerhead set. 
 AKA: Justification for splurging on those Gucci loafers.  Playing the stock market can be lucrative, but for those with sartorial tendencies, it can also be boring. In an age when investing in speculative indexes is all the rage and confidence in cryptocurrency is catapulting, buying rare, limited edition, vintage and designer wares can pay off just as well—if not more than traditional investment opportunities. But first, it’s important to understand how to increase your return on investment. “If you hope for your purchase to not only accrue value, but to do so in a short period of time, then it’s wise to pay attention to limited edition releases from timeless luxury brands,” says Lindsay Sakraida, director of content marketing with comparison shopping site DealNews.  Pay attention to limited edition releases from timeless luxury brands This is especially true of items that aren’t available online, but beyond limited editions, Sakraida says it’s usually safer to stick to brands that have a timeless appeal when considering investment pieces. “The name should connote quality both now and in the future, and that’s difficult to predict from newer brands. Hermès, Chanel, Tiffany & Co. and Rolex are all brands that have persistent value,” says Sakraida. Nicole Lapin, New York Times bestselling author of Rich Bitch: A Simple 12-Step Plan for Getting Your Financial Life Together…Finally agrees, but she has some advice for those questioning whether or not they should pull the trigger on a five or six-figure handbag. “I’ve come up with a financial justification for splurging—basically you have to look at the cost of the item, and then you divide it by the times you use the item, factor in some maintenance and see whether that amount is greater than 65 percent of the original price,” says Lapin.   Regardless of how much something costs and how well-known its label may be, investment pieces need to be kept in exceptional condition in the event they end up being resold. “The more wear and tear an item appears to have, the less you’re going to get for it,” says Sakraida. But just because you wear it, doesn’t mean it will lose all of its value. Lapin says, “If you buy wisely, you can enjoy the item while you have it and have the peace of mind that it will retain value if you ever need to sell it.” For this reason, bags can be a better bet than shoes because they’re easier to maintain, even with regular use, whereas, in order for shoes to amass an impressive amount of return, soles should be gently worn at most. Inflation also plays a role in value—the current rate of inflation is 2.1 percent, meaning a $10,000 purchase in 2007 is the equivalent of $12,000 today. NerdWallet’s consumer savings expert, Courtney Jespersen, says there can be risks involved when making these purchases and that putting money into a retirement fund or high-yield savings account is a better option for some. “Purchasing luxury bags as a side hustle may require a hefty initial investment, possibly thousands of dollars, without a guarantee of the payoff. There’s a risk that your purchase could lose value and be worth less than when you originally bought it,” says Jespersen.   The more wear and tear an item appears to have, the less you’re going to get for it So what are the gems in your closet that are likely worth more than you paid for them? Alison Stiefel, VP of marketing at ShopStyle says, “We’re seeing luxury iconic handbags trending because shoppers see them as forever classics worth the investment because the value consistently increases year after year.” And surprisingly, there are quite a few sneakers that not only hold their value, but actually command even more than their original price the older they get. “The Golden Goose Deluxe Brand was our number one searched sneaker in 2017 and the Balenciaga Speed Knit Sneaker was a close second,” she says.   For someone like former stylist JoJo Cohen Fleiss, who admittedly has a knack for acquiring investment pieces, holding on to her designer wares allows them to become family heirlooms. “I have a closet full of treasures—including Gucci and Hermes scarves from my late grandmother. I have the first Prada bag I received when I was 13 and even though I haven’t worn it in decades, I’ll never get rid of it,” says Fleiss. “I hate to say it, but some of these things are like my version of a pet!”    Here are some of the smartest investment pieces:   The highly coveted, ultra-luxurious Birkin and Kelly bags have always been in demand due to their extremely limited availability. Vestiaire Collective’s United States VIP manager Greta Kuper says the Birkin will never go out of style—hence its hefty price point that begins at roughly $10,000 for the smallest style.  “When purchasing a second-hand Birkin, be sure to closely examine the photos and description of the item," says Kuper. "Vestiaire Collective checks every item to ensure they’re authentic pieces and exactly as described and pictured, checking for significant call outs like measurements or markings." Previously owned Birkin bags easily sell for $10,000 with many styles and sizes selling between $20,000 and $40,000.   This classic 2.55 handbag debuted in February 1955 for $220 and currently resells for upwards of $4,900 for both vintage and current styles. Emily Perlstein, stylist and co-founder of luxury denim line La Detresse says, “As a personal shopper, I almost always find a Chanel double flap bag in a woman’s closet. I encourage my clients to resell things to keep their closets organized and full of pieces they actually love and want to wear—but this bag almost always stays.”   These famed timepieces have maintained their position at the top according to The Jewellery Editor because Rolex was the first brand to develop a water-resistant case and they’re second to none in terms of quality. “One of my most coveted items is a Bamford & Sons Rolex," says collector Cohen Fleiss. "I treat purchases like this as a true investment and most of them are insured.”  A basic Rolex Submariner costs about $7,500 and pricing increases from there based on the model and materials used. In 2017, Paul Newman’s Rolex Daytona sold for $17.8 million, making it the most expensive watch sold at auction.   These watches have been known to set auction house records, partly because it’s rumored that fewer than one million Patek Philippe pieces have been made since 1839, according to auction house Christies.  Selling for more than double their retail price, a Patek Philippe watch that cost less than $20,000 in the 1980s can presently garner more than $400,000. Today, an entry level timepiece runs about $20,000 and is almost certain to appreciate over time.   With each style of Kanye West’s eight-year-old shoe company being produced in runs of 40,000, and only 5,000 of his Nike Air Yeezys potentially in existence, it’s no surprise that sneaker blog Sole Collector values many of his sneakers at more than five times their original retail value. The Nike Air Yeezy Red October kicks that were released in February of 2014 for just $250 have an average resell value of $5,631.    “They’re a classic buy, but on trend in both new and vintage styles,” says Kuper. Initially designed in 1953, the horsebit loafer is reinvented every season, yet the original black leather variety remains the most popular style. Currently, the Gucci Jordaan leather loafer retails for $730, though the vintage variety and discontinued styles can sell for around $1,100.   With an entry level price of more than $4,000 for a solid yellow gold Love Bracelet and a white gold and diamond-paved one currently available on Cartier’s website for $56,000, these classic adornments hold their value based on the fact that they’re made by an elite, world renowned jewelry company.  Whereas handbags and shoes can sustain damage easily, jewelry carries value regardless of the brand. “Even if there was no longer a desire for Cartier, a diamond bracelet will always be valuable,” Sakraida notes. Designer resale site The RealReal lists worn bangles starting at $4,195 for an 18k white gold version which sells for $4,350 new.   Though their most popular function of late may be an artistic touch to another accessory, such as wrapped around the handle of an Hermès handbag, these silk scarves have always been associated with luxury. Presently selling for $395 a pop, the 36” x 36” silk squares have sold second hand for as much as a few thousand dollars, depending on the style, season and story behind each sash.  With each one produced in France and silkscreened by hand featuring artwork from various artists such as Hugo Grygkar, Kermit Oliver and Eugene Brunelle, the company’s limited vintage pieces are worth the most. Multiple previously owned cashmere silk shawls are available on The RealReal for $995 and though they’re listed as being in “very good” condition, they may show light wear throughout and can be missing fabric tags.   With its iconic plaid accents and classic double-breasted silhouette, this wardrobe staple currently retails between $795 and $7,000 depending on length, material and style. What if it rains? Lapin says, “A Burberry trench can hold its value or increase value over time even with use.” In the last few years, the British fashion house has reported an increase in sales, largely due to their UK-made line of premium coats. Used trenches can fetch $1,000, depending on the style.   In 2017, this cult streetwear brand was valued at a whopping $1 billion. Known for their super limited releases and artist capsule collections, fans and collectors line up in droves to ensure they’ll get their hands on T-shirts, hoodies and shoes before they sell out.   What’s even more impressive is the brand’s secondary market value—pieces from the 2017 fall/winter Supreme x Louis Vuitton collection have already sold for double their retail value. A new T-shirt from the collaboration cost $485 and later sold on eBay for $2,500 while a hoodie that retailed for $935 hit the resale market for $5,000.
 See every studded, shimmery look here. This year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show featured a one-of-a-kind collaboration with Balmain, marking the first time the lingerie giant teamed up with a high-end designer for runway looks and a retail collection. In addition to crafting custom ensembles for the models, Balmain's creative director Olivier Rousteing also helped the VS team create a shoppable range for consumers. Victoria's Secret x Balmain is available in-store and online starting November 29 (the day after the fashion show airs on CBS).  The theme of the collaboration was simple: punk. The edgy-meets-sexy aesthetic was right up Balmain's and VS's alley. "We believe in the same kind of woman, a powerful lady, a strong and confident, sexy girl that knows what she wants," Rousteing said of their collab. The result on the runway included ultra-studded leather jackets, laced-up over-the-knee boots, and all of the plaid, safety pins, spikes, and chains you thought possible. The capsule was sported by veteran Angels and Victoria's Secret rookies alike for today's taping. Before you see the looks on TV next week, or scour for their shoppable counterparts online, take a look at how the collaboration came to life on the runway. Adriana Lima Alessandra Ambrosio Jasmine Tookes Karlie Kloss Candice Swanepoel Cindy Bruna Lily Alridge Sara Sampaio and Elsa Hosk Liu Wen Josephine Skriver Maria Borges Martha Hunt and Stella Maxwell Grace Bol Aiden Curtiss and Daniela Braga Ming Xi Devon Windsor Herieth Paul Stella Maxwell Leomie Anderson Alexina Graham Grace Elizabeth
 Pick which supermodel sister has the better street style—then shop it. Bella and Gigi Hadid are just about as chic as sisters come. In addition to sharing amazing genes, the supermodels siblings share a fondness of high fashion and athleisure. Yet although they'll often borrow each other's clothes (Bella raids her big sis' closet) or coordinate outfits, but they manage to never look too matchy-matchy. Gigi keeps it classic, while younger sister Bella flaunts a subtle sexy edge. From monochromatic all-white ensembles to the model off-duty favorite, the Canadian tuxedo, the Hadid gals have tried all the street style fashion trends—but in drastically different ways.   Ahead, pick which supermodel sister's street style you prefer. Because when you can be a Gigi or a Bella, can you really go wrong?   Shop Bella's look: T By Alexander Wang fleece-paneled printed cotton-jersey hooded top, $375, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Shop Gigi's look: Linda Farrow cat-eye sunglasses, $645, linda farrow.com. SHOP   Shop Bella's look for less: Asos nude lace-up wide leg pants, $82, asos.com. SHOP Shop Gigi's look: Vogue Eyewear Special Collection by Gigi Hadid sunglasses, $140, vogue eyewear.com. SHOP   Shop Bella's look for less: Tory Sport colorblock packable down puffer jacket, $198, neiman marcus.com. SHOP Shop Gigi's look: Christina Ledang long bubble coat, $1108, christina ledang.com.SHOP   Shop Bella's look for less: New Balance trainers, $175, zappos.com. SHOP Shop Gigi's look for less: Charlotte Olympia salsa feather-trimmed suede sandals, $655, net-a-porter.com. SHOP   Shop Bella's look: GRLFRND denim jacket, $258, revolve.com. SHOP Shop Gigi's look: Re/Done patchwork skinny jeans, $168, the outnet.com. SHOP   Shop Bella's look: Vivienne Westwood roll neck jumper dress, $433, farfetch.com.SHOP Shop Gigi's look: Tommy Hilfiger Gigi Hadid box clutch, $220, tommy.com. SHOP   Shop Bella's look for less: Diane von Furstenberg collared long-sleeve cropped faux-fur jacket, $328, bergdorf goodman.com. SHOP Shop Gigi's look: Off-White cropped denim jacket, $663, revolve.com. SHOP   Shop Bella's look for less: Urban Outfitters plaid kick flare pant, $39, urban outfitters.com. SHOP Shop Gigi's look for less: H&M stovepipe pants, $30, h&m.com. SHOP   Shop Bella's look for less: Mestiza Fancy Pleated Front Satin Pants, $495, nordstrom.com. SHOP Shop Gigi's look: Nina Ricci lace top bodysuit, $1000, farfetch.com. SHOP
 The model/beauty aficionado shares her nighttime routine.  With well over ten years in the modeling world under her belt, Jessica Hart has worked for some of the biggest brands in the world, including Victoria's Secret, Guess, Marc Jacobs and Estée Lauder—just to name a few. Last year, the Aussie bombshell added entrepreneur to her resume, starting her own skincare line based in Australia called LUMA.  The line is focused on light-reflecting, and thus, illuminating products—hence the name. Crushed pearls are a key ingredient in both the skincare and cosmetics. The 12 products are made in Australia but luckily for the rest of us, LUMA ships worldwide.  The beauty aficianado let us into her hotel room for an evening to share her nighttime routine—it includes her teacup Yorkshire terrier, wine and sometimes even a little guacamole. 
 Meet the brother-sister duo behind HAVVA.  When you hear the words "family-run business," flame-adorned stilettos and leather moto cowboy boots aren't typically the first things that come to mind. Proving HAVVA, a family-run shoe brand based in London, is anything but typical.  Helmed by sister-and-brother design duo Havva and Ali Mustafa, HAVVA is quickly becoming the go-to shoe brand for cool girls across the globe. The brand's collection of footwear ranges from striking neon boots to houndstooth stilettos to streetwear-inspired designs—mixing skate culture with luxury and merch adorned with their "Cool girls don't sleep" mantra. It's an unexpected formula that shouldn't work for footwear, and yet it completely does.  Havva and Ali each considered careers in other industries (law and architecture, respectively), but they couldn't resist their family calling to shoes. Both their father (who teaches shoemaking at Central Saint Martins) and grandfather worked in the industry. Making it a complete family affair, the waste-conscious collection is made in a family-owned factory in Turkey. A rising name to know, Havva also teaches at both Central Saint Martins and the London College of Fashion—where she's taught and mentored several other footwear designers including Neil J. Rodgers, Julia Nodaleto, and Jennifer Chamandi. Is HAVVA the next big shoe empire to know? BAZAAR.com speaks to both Havva and Ali Mustafa about running a luxury shoe brand as siblings.  Havva Mustafa: Our father and grandfather were in the shoe industry so it was something we grew up exposed to from an early age. My mother really wanted me to study law instead so that I could make a great living, but I knew I was never cut out for it. At the last minute, I rejected my law university acceptance and managed to secure myself a place at Cordwainers London College of Fashion. After graduating, I worked as a designer for companies who would produce for trend-focused brands, but after some time, I realized it was not the right fit and I wanted to design my own small-batch collection that spoke truly to me. Ali Mustafa: I went to university to study architecture, so I never really thought I would be designing shoes. However, once the HAVVA brand started coming together, I couldn't keep myself away from it. I just felt a natural draw to designing and it woke an underlying passion inside me that I guess was always there. It felt like a natural move from architecture to footwear, as you can apply a lot of the same design principles.  I also think I was able to bring a different perspective to the brand, and that really meant we would start to develop our unique brand voice. Havva: I feel like you have to really focus on who you are and what your aesthetic is. You must be true to yourself, and I think if you stick to that, it will naturally be conveyed in your product. There is enough room for all of us designers (especially the emerging ones!) to have a creative voice and vision.  @lizaowen Celebrate the weekend early and get an additional 30% off AW18 with code EARLY30 #HAVVA #sale A post shared by  HAVVA (@havva_mustafa) on Apr 11, 2019 at 1:02am PDT Ali: It's not just the design of the product, but also the presentation. You have to speak to the customer in your own voice. You must develop your brand's personality through your social media channels, lookbooks, website, ads, and events. The key is that when someone sees a shoe, they will associate it with your brand. No matter what you try to do will have been done in some way before—the difference is how do you interpret those ideas through your brand's creative filter. Havva: Every student is so different, and they all have their own style and personalities that is reflected in their work from very early on. I help them build the skills to create and develop as a designer, but based on their own personal influences—their brand DNA is often evident in their designs without them even knowing it at first. It is very rewarding to see my students flourish, I often feel like their shoe mum! They all keep in touch and send me updates regularly.  Warehouse mood @havvanm #HAVVA A post shared by  HAVVA (@havva_mustafa) on Jul 15, 2019 at 12:18am PDT Havva: The real trick to keeping the balance is to ensure I plan my timetable correctly, which often means a lot of late nights. So once my day teaching is over, I come back to the office and work on the brand with Ali until late at night.  I love teaching though, so I don't see myself giving it up anytime soon!   Havva: While I was designing at various other companies, our older brother came to me with the idea of me having my own brand, which led to him putting down the initial funding for it. Then I thought, if I'm dragging one brother into this, I might as well drag the other in as well (Ali)! Ali and I are both very much on the same wavelength on what we envision for the brand, which means that when we come to design, there is hardly any disagreement in the approach.  Our father still helps us with any technical questions we might have about the construction of a shoe as well.   Ali: I knew that with it being a young company, I had to learn as many things as possible myself in order to save on costs. So I would spend as much time as I could reading and learning anything I could get my hands on. I picked up photography, videography, web design, graphic design, and pretty much anything that I could lend a hand on. There's nothing quite like learning on the job with immense pressure. By taking on all of this, it meant that the workload balance between the two of us was easier to split as we have different roles and don't often overlap, except when we are designing the collections together. 
 These sexy one-pieces will give your bikinis a run for their money.  Last summer, one-pieces dominated the swim scene and good news: the look is here to stay for 2019. Flattering, effortless, and often even sexier than a bikini, there are plenty of one-piece options to choose from this season. From waist-accentuating belted suits to '80s-inspired cuts, these are the swim trends to try now. Scroll down to shop the best one-piece bathing suits of the season.  The underwire top is one of Summer 2019's hottest swimwear trends. Take the look up a notch with Solid & Striped's ultra-sexy denim iteration.  Accentuate your waist with this cinched tracksuit-inspired one-piece.  Two prints are better than one with this '80s-inspired one-piece.  Reformation's foray into swimwear is unsurprisingly filled with must-have suits that'll make any fashion lover's heart skip a beat. When it comes to affordable swimsuits that will actually fit in all the right places, make Aerie your go-to. Available in sizes XS - 2XL, the brand's classic scoop neck one-piece has the perfect flattering high cut.  An ultra-feminine suit for the perfect preppy beach look.   Bring on the sunshine (and highlight your tan) with this bright yellow swimsuit.  Channel your inner Bond girl with this sleek and sexy one-piece from Candice Swanepoel's swimsuit brand.  Go bold with color in this playful rainbow striped suit.  Done in seersucker, this leopard one-piece is a fresh take on the animal print trend.   A high cut one-piece that'll look perfect against your summer glow.  Calzedonia$90.00calzedonia.com. SHOP NOW Tired of leopard? For for one of summer's other hottest animal prints: snake print.  Give your classic black swimsuit an update with this one-shouldered style.   Or for an actual belted swimsuit, try one of Solid & Striped's one-pieces that can be worn with or without the belt.  We're always here for a '90s square-cut suit that's chic in its simplicity.  The Western belt makes for an unexpected beach look that feels fresh.  For its first swimwear collection, Self-Portrait revamped its signature prints and romantic cuts into swimsuit form for the perfect range of one-pieces.  Itsy bitsy teeny weeny polka dot bikini one-piece.  With lace ups and a subtle cutout, this one-piece is anything but basic.  Because we all need a little gingham in our summer wardrobe.  Bring on the color and the ruffle with this Rixo suit.  This cutout suit is the perfect in-between of a bikini and a one-piece.  
 Just wait until you see the back...  The ancient Mayans may have ended their calendars on December 21, 2012 but let the history records reflect that the world actually ended in the year of our Lord 2017 when, amongst other things, the jeans apocalypse officially hit.  This year we've seen a growing list of unconventional denim trends but today at Amazon Fashion Week Tokyo, the most naked pair of jeans to ever exist made their official debut. Hitting the runway at new designer Thibaut's show, the barely-there style took cut-out jeans to an entirely new level with the front and back panels of the legs cut out, leaving nothing but the seams.  And if you thought that was a look, please brace yourself for the rearview (pun intended) of the jeans... Yes, thong jeans now exist and if you'll excuse me, I'm off to start my official Make Jeans Whole Again campaign. 
 The long-term partner of Saint Laurent helped create the iconic brand. Yves Saint Laurent co-founder Pierre Bergé has died after a long illness, at age 86. The businessman and philanthropist passed away in his sleep this morning at his Paris home. "It is with immense sadness that the Fondation Pierre Bergé - Yves Saint Laurent, Paris and the Fondation Jardin Majorelle, Marrakech, announce the death of their founding president Pierre Bergé, which occurred on September 8, 2017, at 5:39 am, at home in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence. He died in his sleep at the age of 86 following a long illness," read a statement today. Bergé met Saint Laurent in 1958 and they began a relationship. In 1961, they launched the iconic fashion house together. Although their romantic involvement ended in 1976, Bergé remained by the designer's side until he died of a brain tumor in 2008.  In addition to his work in fashion, he also became known as philanthropist, becoming a vocal and active campaigner for gay rights and AIDS research. In 2015, he was awarded one of France's highest accolades—the Grand Officier of the Ordre national de la Légion d'honneur. "He was a magician who made his life and those who he loved a symphony of happiness," former French culture minister Jack Lang said today. "Pierre Bergé was above all a marvelous and loyal friend, who was there to take on all the good fights, the noble causes, in particular to provide the means for research to defeat AIDS." Francois-Henri Pinault, chairman and CEO of Kering—the parent company of Saint Laurent—also paid his respects, saying:  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Gisele has held the number one spot since 2002.  For nearly fifteen consecutive years, Gisele Bündchen held the number one spot as the highest paid model in the world. Now, for the first time since 2002, the supermodel has been dethroned from her top ranking by Kendall Jenner. According to Forbes' annual list, Jenner was this year's top earning model, bringing in a whopping $22 million. Along with campaigns for Fendi, Adidas, La Perla, Estee Lauder and more, Jenner's high-earning year was also contributed to by her several social media endorsements, Kendall + Kylie line, and of course, money earned from Keeping Up With The Kardashians.    Despite having a much quieter year with fewer campaigns and fashion projects, Bündchen still took the number 2 spot on the list with $17.5 million. This year, the supermodel faced Carolina Herrera's fragrance, Arezzo shoes, and Vivara jewelry—two accessory brands from her native Brazil.   Notably rounding out the top three is Chrissy Teigen, who made her first ever debut on the Forbes list bringing home $13.5 million this past year. Going beyond the fashion world, Teigen's earnings also stem from her multiple food and beverage deals (plus her own cookbook).  Also making a debut on this year's list is Ashley Graham, who after a whirlwind year in fashion, becomes the first curve model to make the list. Bella and Gigi Hadid, meanwhile, set their own record for becoming the first sisters to ever make the top ten list together.  See this year's full Forbes model ranking below:
 Flattering retro-inspired swimsuits to take beach or poolside.  The high-waisted bikini is a little bit retro, a little bit sporty, a little bit waist-enhancing—and very cool. From triangle tops, to bold colors, polka dots, and punchy patterns—shop the top high waisted bikinis for summer 2019 and release your inner pin-up girl. We love a square neck top and this punchy color feels like a breath of fresh air in a sea of black and white bikinis. oniaxweworewhat top, $90, onia.com. We don't know whether to swim in this bathing suit or just walk around and pose in it—but we love it's fashion-forward vibe either way. Johanna Ortiz bottoms, $190, modaoperandi.com.  This little number is patently South of France worthy. Big straw hat sold separately. This is the perfect bathing suit for all those minimal girls who hate color, love everything else. Karla Colletto top, $200, net-a-porter.com.  We love the mix of a sexy print with a slightly more covered up style. Mara Hoffman bandeau, $160, matchesfashion.com.  This '70s-ready print is fun without going over the top. It'll go perfectly with a giant straw hat. Dodo Bar Or top, $117 and bottom, $130, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW Just try not to turn heads in this playful pin-up style. This denim suit gives us major Bond girl vibes. And the best helps up the waist-cinching factor even more. We love the classic scallop detail on this ultra-flattering suit. Marysia bottom, $190, net-a-porter.com. This black two-piece is cool enough to wear on the city streets—if you feel so bold.
 The boots, bags, and coat sales to take advantage of now.  Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales are less than a week away but today, more importantly and excitedly, kicks off the biggest online designer sale of the year: Net-A-Porter's annual sale. From chic winter coats to the season's must-have boots and bags, designer staples from your favorite brands like Alexander Wang, Diane von Furstenberg, Off-White, and more are up to 50% off. Click through the shop some of our favorite pieces, but scoop them up quickly before the must-haves start selling out.  Ganni coat, $340 on sale for $238, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Stuart Weitzman boots, $535 on sale for $321, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Equipment dress, $490 on sale for $245, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Alexander Wang bag, $595 on sale for $297, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Michael Kors coat, $495 on sale for $346, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Loeffler Randall bag, $495 on sale for $247, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Proenza Schouler boots, $915 on sale for $457, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Maje pants, $325 on sale for $195, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Diane von Furstenberg coat, $600 on sale for $300, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Elizabeth & James earrings, $175 on sale for $104, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Sea coat, $1,250 on sale for $875, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Off-White bag, $1,055 on sale for $527, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Marc Jacobs sweater, $795 on sale for $397, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Current/Elliot jeans, $275 on sale for $192, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Maje jacket, $1,045 on sale for $731, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Altuzarra boots, $1,295 on sale for $647, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Joseph blazer, $745 on sale for $342, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Proenza Schouler tote, $1,495 on sale for 897, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Rixo London dress, $375 on sale for $225, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Trademark boots, $780 on sale for $390, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Self-Portrait blouse, $410 on sale for $246, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Loewe boots, $1,290 on sale for $645, net-a-porter.com. SHOP MM6 Maison Margiela shearling, $2,465 on sale for $1,497, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Loeffler Randall bag, $550 on sale for $275, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Victoria Beckham sweater, $825 on sale for $412, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Marc Jacobs bag, $325 on sale for $195, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Diane von Furstenberg dress, $500 on sale for $300, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A.P.C. bag, $495 on sale for $265, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Tibi pumps, $425 on sale for $298, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Stella McCartney pants, $880 on sale for $440, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 This is so emotional.  The 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show will be Adriana Lima's last. The VS Angel, who has repped the lingerie brand for 20 years, announced her retirement on Instagram this evening during the taping of this year's runway extravaganza.  The model earned a standing ovation for her final walk down the VS catwalk, which was just as emotional as we expected. Instead of classic wings, Lima wore a white feathered fan-like piece on her back with a sheer sequin top, pale blue underwear, and matching feathered Brian Atwood heels.  She placed her hands on her heart and bowed her head in gratitude when she reached the end of the catwalk, and appeared to be fighting back tears as the crowd cheered her on.  In an earlier look from the show, Lima donned a black low-cut leotard and booties with a set of glittery moon and stars on her back.  Lima announced her retirement this afternoon with a heartfelt highlight reel of her past VS fashion show appearances. Today' show marks her 18th for the brand. Her first was in 1999.  "Dear Victoria, Thank you for showing me the world, sharing your secrets, and most importantly not just giving me wings but teaching me to fly. And all the ❤️ to the best fans in the 🌎! Love, Adriana 💖," she captioned the video.   You can watch Lima's final walk in full when the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show airs on ABC on Sunday, December 2. Find out where to watch here. This post has been updated. 
 
 Party dresses worth leaving the couch for.  'Tis the season to pull out all the major party looks. From velvet to lace and show-stopping metallics, go bold on the party circuit this holiday season with a cocktail dress sure to stand out from the crowd. Shop our favorites at every price point.  Nothing says cocktail party season quite like a feathered little black dress.  There's no better time of year to channel your inner Dynasty for a show-stopping, '80s-inspired sequin dress.  Statement-making sleeves that will get any party started.  You can never go wrong with a metallic slip dress. Add a faux fur coat and you've got a glam party look that you can re-wear again for New Year's Eve.  Channel your inner Meghan Markle and go for a chic black blazer dress. Add a pair of strappy heels and a playful bag and you've got an instant party look.  A holiday party dress that doubles as your new go-to work dress? Yes, please.   Go for high-shine in this turtleneck, tinsel-detailed mini dress. Style it with tights and boots or strappy heels.  An understated tartan print that will remain chic well beyond the holiday party circuit.   Mango$99.00mango.com SHOP NOW A sparkling, sequin-filled twist on the classic LBD. Bring a little femininity and romance to the holiday party scene with this silk, corset-inspired dress.m  Who says the Christmas tree is the only one who gets to be draped in tinsel? Stand out in this black slip dress that's anything but basic.  Be merry in a sparkling emerald mini dress.  A dreamy tiered tunic dress that's just waiting to be styled with combat boots for the ultimate cool girl party look.  Part sequin, part velvet, and fully a holiday party LEWK.  'Tis the season for velvet wrap dresses. Add a pair of tights and heels and you've got the perfect party look.  Holiday doesn't have to mean red, green, and sequins. This polka dot mini is just as festive—and one you'll want to wear to parties all year round.  Work a little lace into your look with an ultra femme red dress.  Rixo's colorful sequin dress features the perfect little cutouts for an unexpected collarbone pop.  You'll wear this black velvet mini time and time again.  A sheer turtleneck dress that works for a holiday party or an everyday look.  From the office to after hours, this tuxedo-inspired dress is a chic wardrobe investment.  Go for the gold in Gucci's draped mini dress that's festive and ready to shine.  A sexy party dress that's just the right amount of festive.  Style it with a plush fur coat for a night out or layer a chunky turtleneck over it during the day for a winter white moment. Paisley gets a fun, festive upgrade in the form of Rotate's '80s party dress silhouette. Style it with black tights and a pair of heels.  For when you can't decide on sequins or a classic little black dress.  Wrap yourself up in a bow because your presence is the ultimate present, of course. 
 It's Freaky Friday, but for fashion.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window.   Harper's BAZAAR's editors Chrissy Rutherford and Kerry Pieri both love fashion—and both have completely different styles. Pieri favors an edgy take on elevated glamour, Rutherford is a master at exuding downtown cool. And while Pieri pretty much lives in denim, Rutherford swears by the power of a mini skirt.  Above, watch what happens when the two switch styles—and dress each other at the Coach New York City store on Fifth Avenue. Then, you can shop their entire looks too! 
 Pierpaolo Piccioli, the great thinker behind the Roman fashion house, looks to sculpture to inform his beautifully poetic vision.  Against an uncharacteristically gray June Parisian sky, veined with fine clouds like marble, Pierpaolo Piccioli, the 52-year-old creative director of Valentino, crouches contemplatively, brow furrowed, chin resting on fist. He’s mimicking—intentionally—that famous Auguste Rodin sculpture The Thinker. A bronze cast is poised over his right shoulder, in the gardens of Rodin’s former home on the outskirts of the city. It’s the day after Piccioli’s Spring 2020 menswear show and less than two weeks until his Fall 2019 haute couture show. Piccioli has plenty to think about. That said, the pose is somewhat paradoxical. Not that Piccioli isn’t a thinker: His work is embedded with intellect, often referencing works of art and literature. The latter reflects his studies at Sapienza University of Rome in the 1980s, before he switched to fashion design at Istituto Europeo di Design. Nevertheless, Piccioli works not from the head but from the heart. Or maybe the soul. “I follow my instinct now,” he says. “I think with this job you can change people’s perception.” Incidentally, Rodin initially called that crouched-up, contemplative bronze “The Poet,” which is definitely Piccioli. There is a poetic bent to his vision, one that involves chiffon and bows and cascades of taffeta and ostrich feathers in the brilliant, vivid colors of romanesque frescoes. Even his ready-to-wear is poetic: his Fall 2019 collection literally so, inspired in part by the Movement for the Emancipation of Poetry, the Italian organization that anonymously plasters the streets of Rome, where the Valentino studio is based, with its works. That was mirrored in the cut-and-paste motifs of amorously embracing neoclassical statues, flowers, and snippets of text that decorated the clothes. The prints were a collaboration, or to borrow Piccioli’s turn of phrase, a “conversation” with Jun Takahashi of the cult Japanese label Undercover, which crossed over from his January menswear show and heightened the idea of the Valentino man and woman as star-cross’d (and well-dressed) lovers; the words were culled from spoken-word prodigy Mustafa the Poet’s performances.  Poetry and couture are things that can belong to the past. I wanted to do it in a new way so poetry could be a common language, more modern and contemporary. On every seat Piccioli placed a book of poetry, titled Valentino on Love, featuring Mustafa’s work along with that of three other contemporary poets: Yrsa Daley-Ward, Robert Montgomery, and Greta Bellamacina (incidentally, the latter two are a couple). Behind the runway, an illuminated, text-based installation created by Montgomery bore the refrain the people you love become ghosts inside of you and like this you keep them alive. “Poetry and couture are things that can belong to the past,” says Piccioli, lighting a cigarette. “Doing this at Valentino could be very predictable. I wanted to do it in a new way so poetry could be a common language, more modern and contemporary. I like to work on something very known sometimes and give it a different conception.” He pauses, wreathed with smoke. “I didn’t want to get pretty. I wanted to get passionate.”  I’m painting a slightly incorrect image of Piccioli, as someone brooding and serious, intense. He’s nothing of the sort. He is, of course, serious about his work—and he does a serious, intense amount of work, showing eight collections a year for Valentino, one of fashion’s most influential and successful fashion houses. For almost a decade, he led the brand alongside Maria Grazia Chiuri; she left in 2016 to become creative director of Dior womenswear, and since then Piccioli has helmed it alone. His talent is immense, his work internationally lauded and much beloved. Specifically over the past few years, Piccioli has let rip with a series of staggering collections that showcase the breadth of his imagination, the ingenuity of the Valentino workrooms, and a passionate love both for women and for fashion as a whole. Heady are the evenings spent at the close of each Paris Couture Week in the salons of the Hôtel Salomon de Rothschild watching Piccioli’s vision unfold.  And when you ask Piccioli about certain subjects—couture for one, Rome being another—what pours forth is pure poetry. “Roma is very different from all other cities,” he says of the Eternal City. “It’s a lot of layers of eras, of different experiences that changed the city. You can see Pasolini, and Catholic and Baroque angels, and you can see the paganism, which is still there. And Rossellini and Cinecittà, and the Fellini feeling. You can feel the loneliness of Antonioni, the kind of melancholy. But still the grandness of the empire.” But for all that lyricism and for the undeniable, blow-me-away beauty of the clothes he makes, Piccioli is also a normal guy: He’s funny, unassuming, gracious, kind. He has three tattoos—the initials of his three children on one arm, and that of his wife, Simona, above his heart. The most recent addition is a tiger on his thigh. And he doesn’t live in Italy’s fashion capital, Milan, or even in Rome itself. He lives in Nettuno, about 40 miles south of Valentino’s creative headquarters on Piazza di Spagna. It’s the town where he was born in 1967, seven years after the founding of Maison Valentino by its fastidiously elegant namesake, Valentino Garavani, and his business partner, Giancarlo Giammetti. It was Mr. Valentino (as Garavani is known) who recruited Piccioli and Chiuri from Fendi to head the Valentino accessories team in 1999. Garavani’s dedication to fashion and particularly couture was evident from an early age: He has recalled throwing a tantrum at age six when his mother forced him to wear a bow tie he considered coarse. There are no such anecdotes, apocryphal or otherwise, about Piccioli. “Valentino is known as a very exclusive brand of haute couture, where lifestyle is part of the dream,” says Piccioli. That’s certainly the case of the idealized lifestyle of Mr. Valentino, with multiple palazzos, châteaus, and yachts. “My luxurious way of living is living outside, by the sea,” Piccioli says, smiling. “My big aim is to change the perception of luxury from a certain lifestyle to a community of people who share values.”   My big aim is to change the perception of luxury from a certain lifestyle to a community of people who share values.  That’s an idea that really fascinates Piccioli, the exceptional thing being that he can work, with apparent ease, both in micro and on macro scale at Valentino. His shows make grand statements but are still embedded in the craft of fashion, a sense of the human hand, and firmly rooted in reality. “Daywear for me means streetwear,” he explains. “I think every single piece has to have its own dignity.” He’s speaking specifically of his fall ready-to-wear collection again, where the poetry—and poetic imagery—is embedded in pragmatic sports-influenced pieces like sharply cut overcoats and sweatshirts, with the same kind of elegance afforded the dreamy, drifty chiffon evening gowns in the Valentino tradition. “My idea of beauty is about diversity; the idea of beauty of Mr. Valentino was a certain kind of beauty,” says Piccioli. “I feel that I’m not imposing a look, but I propose pieces. The difference is not to deliver an ideal woman but the idea that individuality is beauty.”  Still, Piccioli’s vision manages to cross worlds: Mr. Valentino and Giammetti are generally the first to leap to their feet to applaud his collections, often moist-eyed with paternal expressions of pride for both their children: Piccioli and the business. It’s rare that founders are so emotionally entangled with their business after they step away—and especially rare that they give it such a resounding seal of approval. It also, interestingly, evokes the words of that Montgomery piece on the Valentino runway, keeping alive the spirit of the ones you love.  Given the inevitable evolution during his decade and counting helming the post-Valentino Valentino—by Piccioli personally, both as part of a dynamic creative duo, and latterly solo, and of the world at large—I wonder what Piccioli wants Valentino to represent today. He thinks Rodin-like. “I think it’s more about life today,” he says. “And for sure that’s what I want to do, face reality. Not to escape from reality.” After our meeting I read up a bit on what Rodin’s Thinker was really thinking, what the sculpture really means. It’s a great man, lost in thought, with a powerful physique suggesting an immense capacity for action. Maybe Piccioli is more like him than I realized. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR This article originally appears in the September 2019 print issue of Harper's Bazaar, available on newsstands now.
 In honor of the late fashion designer's legendary career, a look back at some of his best moments for Chanel.  Appointed to Creative Director in 1983, Karl Lagerfeld transformed Chanel into the timeless, yet boundary-pushing fashion house we know and love today. He took some of Coco Chanel's inherent styles, like the little black dress and a tweed tailored suit, and completely re-imagined them under his own brilliant vision. "A prolific creative mind with endless imagination," Chanel said in praise of the designer as news broke of his passing in Paris. In honor of the late fashion designer's legendary career, we take a look back at some of his best moments for the iconic brand.  A model wears a navy suit and quilted leather bag for Karl Lagerfeld's first show as creative director of Chanel. Jerry Hall models a plaid creation from Lagerfeld's Haute Couture collection in 1984.  Linda Evangelista walks the runway during the Fall/Winter 1985 Chanel show at Paris Fashion Week.  Jerry Hall and Ines de la Fressange join hands in tweed red suits at the Fall/Winter Haute Couture show at Paris Fashion Week.  Ines de la Fressange walks alongside Karl Lagerfeld in one of his first Couture wedding looks for the fashion house.  Inès de La Fressange has a dramatic moment on the runway in a black and white look from the Fall/Winter 1987 collection.  Ines de la Fressange models a jaw-dropping wedding look (complete with a brimmed hat) at the Haute couture Spring/Summer fashion show in Paris.  A model walks the runway during the Spring/Summer Haute Couture fashion show in an embellished sheer dress.  Naomi Campbell takes the runway at the Haute Couture Fall/Winter show in 1989 sporting a tailored look with caged details.  Claudia Schiffer walks the runway at the Spring/Summer Haute Couture show in 1989 wearing the perfect blush dress and drop earrings.  Naomi Campbell walks the Spring/Summer show wearing a satin black two-piece and dramatic earrings.  Claudia Schiffer in a quilted minidress and pearl choker at the Spring/Summer Haute Couture show during Paris Fashion Week.  It was all about gold chain accessories and a slinky black dress at the Fall/Winter  runway show in 1990.  Linda Evangelista made a statement with a sparkling suit jacket, tight bike shorts, and a surfboard at the Spring/Summer 1990 show.  Claudia Schiffer walked the runway in 1990 wearing a black and white look topped off with a statement headband and sequin motorcycle gloves.  Model Veronica Webb wore pearl-detailed glasses and clear boots at the Bergdorf Goodman and Chanel 'Off the Street' Runway Show.  Linda Evangelista took to the runway in a full pearl look and backwards cap at the Ready to Wear Fall/Winter show in 1991.  Christy Turlington walked the Chanel Haute Couture Fall/Winter runway in 1991 wearing a lavender ball gown with plenty of sparkle.  Linda Evangelista stunned on the Spring/Summer runway in 1991 wearing a voluminous tulle dress and a full stack of necklaces.  Helena Christensen sported a printed suit and red chainlink belt at the Spring/Summer show in 1992.  Naomi Campbell in a colorful tweed jacket with nothing underneath, complete with a massive cross necklace and feather hair accessory.  Christy Turlington donned the ultimate Chanel cocktail attire at the Haute Couture Spring/Summer show in 1992.  Bright purple had a moment on the couture runway in 1992, where Naomi Campbell sported a colorful wig to match.  Cindy Crawford brought some serious sex appeal to the Haute Couture Spring/Summer runway wearing a see-through, sparkly gold gown.  Kate Moss made an appearance on the Chanel Haute Couture runway in a embellished skirt suit and bold red lip.  Another elegant, sheer look pushed boundaries on the Spring/Summer Haute Couture runway with this look worn by Claudia Schiffer.  Lagerfeld walked arm-in-arm down the runway with models Cindy Crawford, Helena Christensen, and Claudia Schiffer at the Haute Couture fashion show in 1993.  Naomi Campbell stole the show in a tweed micro mini dress and floral hair accessories at the  Spring 1993 show.  Another bold monochromatic look hit the runway on Cindy Crawford at the Spring/Summer show in 1993.  The 1994 Chanel bride came with lots of ruffles and plenty of tulle.
 You’ll want a pair from every one.  There's no denying it, we're falling hard for jewelry designers right now. At a time when the fashion industry is in a weird state of flux (we're still waiting to see what Hedi Slimane does with Céline), there's never been a more apt moment to turn to accessories. Jewelry in particular, is that ultimate chameleon piece. Buy a pair of statement earrings and you can wear them to work or to dinner. A necklace is both intimate and outfit-making. But if you're tired of shopping the same old bijoux, there are plenty of amazing new designers to invest in.  Statement earrings are still having a moment. If you’re looking for a pair that’s elevated and simple enough for the office, but also different to those all over your favorite shopping site, then try Alta Ora. Each piece is hand-carved in wax, and then cast in silver or brass in Brooklyn. With a background in graphic design, designer Natalia seeks to transform abstract shapes and curves into wearable objects. The name, in misspelled Portuguese, translates to “elevated times” which represents the brand’s belief that fashion shouldn’t be fast or mass produced, but something made responsibly and worn for years to come.  To meet Annika Inez is to understand just why her label is so instantly want-able. Dressed in a jumpsuit with her blonde hair pulled into a ponytail, she is both cool Nordic girl and sophisticate. Her line, which is full of hand-blown glass and kidney-shaped fine wire earrings, is handmade in Brooklyn from recycled and ethically-sourced sterling silver and gold.  Laura Lombardi is the queen of hoops. Browse her Instagram and you’ll find pic after pic of endless hoop variations (each cooler than the last). They’re affordable, look incredible, and frequently sell out before you even get a chance to browse her site. Based in Brooklyn, she grew up between New York and Italy, and constantly references the incredible style that only Italians possess in her work. These are the hoops you’re always searching for, but never seem to find.  Sometimes an earring (or a new label) catches your eye and you Can’t. Stop. Thinking. About. It. Jewelry label Leigh Miller is one of those. Her Dahli-esque earrings, necklaces, and rings, are the type that make you stop scrolling through your Instagram feed. After a career as a ready-to-wear designer, she set out to launch her own jewelry line as a one-woman team in Los Angeles. She sculpts each piece first in wax, perfecting the gorgeous organic-ness of them, then casts and hand-hammers, adding things like organic pearls and glass baubles. Consider us hooked. The hoop is maybe one of the most iconic pieces of jewelry for a reason, but when you’re sick of that shape, turn to Abel. Designer Kelsey Lim’s organically shaped earrings look a little like avocados, but the elegant, updated version you’d expect to see at a store like The Line. Based in Brooklyn, she launched her collection earlier this year, with the latest addition being a pear shaped earring with a pearl in the center. Another win for this emerging designer.  Puerto Rican-born designer Luiny Rivera is self taught, which makes her incredible designs (our favorites are the hoops and drop earrings featuring glass and wooden balls), all the more special. Inspired by her travels and current home base (New York) each piece is incredibly unique.  Some designers have a knack for making pieces that are both new and completely refreshing, yet somehow become classics in your outfit rotations. Luz Ortiz, a New York-based designer who launched her line with a collection that got everyone talking, is such a designer. From simple gold hoops to sterling silver shell-inspired studs, her architectural creations are always exciting.  There's a tipping point where cool meets unique, and Lila Rice has found it. Based in Brooklyn, NY, her double hoop earrings are unique but polished, and her overzised chain necklace is a bold statement. She also nails the combination of statement and everyday, all finished in a variety of gold and silver. For those who love simple, quietly considered jewelry that is elevated and beautiful, then Winden is a line you should invest in. Created by Becca Mapes, each piece of jewelry is made by hand in Brooklyn. The stones used in her gentle necklaces are sourced from the shores of Lake Erie, and then hand polished. Her new hair barrettes are made from sustainable acetate in France. These are the pieces designed for the individual who needs only the slightest addition to her look to feel exquisite.
 The model paid tribute to her fellow Victoria's Secret Angel on Instagram. Alessandra Ambrosio continues to say her goodbyes after walking her 17th and last Victoria's Secret Fashion Show on Monday. After posting an emotional parting message to the brand yesterday, the 36-year-old model paid a short and sweet tribute to her fellow VS Angel, Adriana Lima. Ambrosio posted a photo of her and Lima on her Instagram story last night from this year's fashion show and wrote: "It was an honor to share so many special moments on the runway with you @adrianalima! Love u 😘" Surely enough, the two have shared plenty of memorable moments on the VS catwalk together, like this sultry, black lingerie twinning moment in 2014: And this epic strut, with coordinating Fantasy Bras, in the same year: There was this adorable heart hands pose in 2011: And this runway candid in 2010: They posed for this cute backstage pic in 2006: And they even got serious during rehearsal together back in 2002: Lima walked her first Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 1999, and Ambrosio made her debut the year after. Since then, the pair has essentially become synonymous with the lingerie brand. Though Ambrosio is hanging up her wings to focus on her swim line and pursue an acting career, Lima still plans to hit the VS runway for a couple more years. The model, who's walked 18 shows, wants to squeeze in two more before retiring. "I plan to be at 20. Two more years. Maybe more, I don’t know,” Lima told People. “It’s nature. I’m working out, I’m being healthy, so let’s see how the body is going to turn out. But I enjoy it. So let’s say 20.”
 Don't panic: It's only the best day of the YEAR.  Prime Day starts at 3pm on Monday, July 16th and runs through Tuesday. If you’re not already a Prime member (or if you are but want your own Prime account away from prying eyes) sign up and take advantage of Amazon’s 30-day free trial. There are a ton of surprise deals and savings to be found, if you know where to look—and we’re on the Prime Day beat, so keep checking back throughout the sale for more updates! Today is basically the best holiday of the year—arguably even better than your birthday and Christmas—because of all the damn amazing discounts, so we've rounded up all the best fashion, beauty, tech, home deals, and more below. Ready, set, *CLICK*. 
From: Cosmopolitan US

 We're keeping an eye on the red carpet, the It girls and the fashion bloggers who are innovating. Check back daily for the style how-tos. We're keeping an eye on the red carpet, the It girls and the fashion bloggers who are innovating. Check daily for the style how-tos. Who: Jennifer Garner What: A Cropped Pea Coat Why: Fall weather calls for a warm but not too warm, very cute, versatile jacket, which is harder to find than one might assume. Jennifer Garner nailed it in this cropped gray Khaite jacket, which she wore with jeans and a turtleneck sweater. Get the look now: Khaite jacket, $1,650, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Who: Priyanka Chopra What: A Luxe Shirt Dress Why: The actress arrived at the God's Love We Deliver Golden Heart Awards event in NYC in a light blue suede shirt dress and strappy sandals by Michael Kors.  Get the look now: Michael Kors dress, michaelkors.com for info SHOP NOW Who: Jessica Clements What: A Colorful Slip Dress Why: The model and YouTube star stepped out in a Dannijo slip dress paired with Vuitton hiking boots and a trench for a daytime approach to lingerie dressing. Get the look now: Dannijo dress, $225, dannijo.com. SHOP NOW Who: Lila Grace Moss What: A Black Blouse Why: The supermodel daughter keeps it simple in all black and cute in a shift dress and sheer button-down, paired with sneakers. Get the look now: Topshop top, $55, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Who: Timothée Chalamet What: A Monochromatic Red Look Why: The actor is playing it cool but standout in a red suit by Louis Vuitton, paired with a red tee, for an entirely cohesive look. Get the look now: C/MEO jacket, $195, farfetch.com SHOP NOW  Who: Rihanna What: A Pastel Mini Dress Why: The singer and business woman hit the town in a light pink mini dress with crystal detail by Dolce & Gabbana, paired with cat eye sunnies for a look straight out of “Clueless.” Get the look now: Raey dress, $229, matchesfashion.com.  SHOP NOW Who: Emily Ratajkowski What: A Floral Bustier Why: The model brings ultra-feminine vibes to the city of lights in a floral Brock dress with stripes. Get the look now:  Brock Collection top, $2,890, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Who: Bella Hadid What: A Logo Rain Hat Why: Bella is ready for any bad weather in a logo hat and rain jacket—worn over vintage inspired denim and white sneakers. Get the look now: Fendi hat, $750, saks.com.  SHOP NOW Who: Kaia Gerber What: A Checked Blazer Why: There's no quicker way to take jeans or leather leggings and a tee from casual to polished than with a smart jacket. Get the look now: Simon Miller jacket, $660, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Who: Emily Ratajkowski What: A Knit Tube Skirt Why: Skip the denim and go for something cozy a la Emrata. We love the idea of pairing a light hued knit skirt with a coordinating sweater for full hygge. Get the look now: Trois skirt, $150, troisthelabel.com SHOP NOW Who: Beyonce What: A Color-Blocked Dress Why: The singer looked stunning in a J.W. Anderson dress that appears to be two piece, but is actually only one—paired with a purple belt bag. Get the look now: J.W. Anderson dress, $542, fwrd.com. SHOP NOW Who: Emma Stone What: A Silk Printed PJ Shirt Why: The actress is casual and cute in classic dark wash denim, paired with a printed pajama shirt and white pumps, all by Fendi. Get the look for less: J. Crew pajamas, $160, jcrew.com. SHOP NOW  Who: Bella Hadid What: An Open Cardigan Why: Jeans and a sweater never had it so good—the model pairs classic mom jeans with a cropped cardi, unbuttoned, to add sultry appeal to daywear.  Get the look now: Aritzia cardigan, $88, aritzia.com. SHOP NOW Who: Victoria Beckham What: Stirrup Leggings Why: Beckham can do no wrong in the style game, with her recent all-black look as no exception. Her sculptural jacket is offset perfectly with slim stirrup leggings. Get the look for less: Express leggings, $39, express.com. SHOP NOW Who: Blake Lively What: A Camel Leather Trench Why: The actress could have stopped at a chic plaid suit and brogues, but she took her daytime ensemble up a notch thanks to a camel-hued leather trench coat—and we all benefit from her decision. Get the look now: Michael Kors Collection coat, $5,500, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Who: Kate Bosworth What: A Cool Raincoat Why: The East Coast is getting rained on for days at a time, handle it like Kate Bosworth, in style, in a see-through logo raincoat by Proenza Schouler. Get the look now: Proenza Schouler raincoat, $225, proenzaschouler.com. SHOP NOW Who: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley What: Red Satin Pumps Why: The model takes a classic blue draped velvet dress and makes it her own with the unexpected pairing of bold red satin pumps. Get the look now: Christian Louboutin slingback pumps, $795, matchesfashion.com SHOP NOW Who: Emily Ratajkowski What: A Belt Bag Why: The actress brings a mini knit dress and booties to the next level on the red carpet for the What Goes Around Comes Around 25th Anniversary Party thanks to an of-the-moment belt bag from Chanel. Get the look for less: Wandler belt bag, $400, farfetch.com Who: Kendall Jenner What: A Bold Color Pairing Why: It has generally been a neutral zone the last few seasons but Jenner is having fun with color, pairing purple and green in pieces by Tom Ford and Sally LaPointe together for a cool, unexpected look. Get the look now: Sally LaPointe sweater, $2,850, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW Who: Priyanka Chopra What: Bold Yellow Slides Why: The actress paired distressed jeans and a sheer button-down with bold yellow kitten-heeled slides for a walk with her pup in NYC. Get the look now: Acne Studios shoes, $430, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Who: Gigi Hadid What: A Boxy Top Handle Bag Why: The model mixed sporty and tailored with a Vivienne Westwood top, white bike shorts, slide sandals and a chic white Prada bag. Get the look now: Prada bag, $2,450, prada.com. SHOP NOW Dear Frances slides, $295, dearfrances.com. SHOP NOW Who: Emma Stone What: A Full Lavender Look Why: The actress is giving us perfect Cher Horowitz vibes in a Louis Vuitton mini skirt and top in a fetching pastel hue, paired with floral pumps by the brand, for a recent stop at the Venice Film Festival. Get the look now: Sea bodysuit, $345, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Who: Bella Hadid What: A Sporty Bra Top Why: The model takes a boyish, boxy plaid suit to sexy places thanks to a sporty bra top and lug sole boots. Get the look now: Aritzia top, $58, aritzia.com. SHOP NOW Who: Hailey Baldwin What: A Baby Tee Why: The model is channeling the '90s in oversized Celine trousers, a cropped denim jacket and that retro must-have, the baby tee. Get the look now: Madewell tee, $40, madewell.com SHOP NOW Camilla and Marc jacket, $600, camillaandmarc.com SHOP NOW Who: Blake Lively What: A Printed Suit Why We Love It: Taking the power suit to the next level, the actress went for maximum impact in this colorful plaid Roland Mouret suit that made a statement.  Get the look now: Tibi tartan blazer, $895, and pants, $595, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Who: Zoe Kravitz What: An Oversized Boyfriend Shirt Why: Taking the borrowed from the boys look up a notch, Kravitz styled a loose, oversized button-down shirt with baggy jeans. Adding an unexpected splash of femininity, she topped it off with yellow satin pumps.   Get the look now: Banana Republic button down, $128, bananarepublic.com. SHOP NOW Sies Marjan pants, $590, siesmarjan.com. SHOP NOW Tabitha Simmons yellow pumps, $255, stylebop.com. SHOP NOW Who: Annasophia Robb What: Sleeves with Volume Why: The rising star takes her romantic summer tops with a bit of drama, thanks to voluminous sleeves.  Get the look now: Reformation top, $148, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Cinq à Sept jeans, $265, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP NOW Who: Constance Wu What: Mixed Florals Why: The Crazy Rich Asians star proved two floral prints are better than one in a contrasting Michael Kors Collection look styled by Micaela Erlanger.  Get the look now: Michael Kors Collection skirt, $895, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Who: Leslie Mann What: A Boho Summer Dress Why: Although fall is quickly approaching, a long-sleeved boho maxi dress works both now with sandals and with a pair of booties once temperatures start to drop.  Get the look now: Line & Dot dress, $117, revolve.com. SHOP NOW Who: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley What: A Transitional Blazer Why: Now that it's time to start building up your fall wardrobe, the model proves that a neutral blazer makes for the perfect summer to fall transition piece.  Get the look now: Georgia Alice blazer, $368, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW
 You can watch the whole show through Amazon Prime Video on September 20. There's a new name in lingerie and it's an already-familiar one. Rihanna usurped New York Fashion Week with her Savage x Fenty show. And Gigi Hadid is perfect evidence of it, shown here, walking down the runway in a lacy black teddy and matching over-the-knee stockings (and, for added dramatic effect, pearly Madonna tears glistening down her cheeks).  Hadid's heavenly look can be purchased through the SavageX site or Amazon once the entire collection drops on September 20.    Of course, Hadid wasn't the only supermodel working Rihanna's runway during the game-changing NYFW show. The catwalk also saw the likes of Alek Wek, Bella Hadid, Laverne Cox, Normani, Paloma Elsesser, Cara Delevingne, and Joan Smalls. Together, these models embodied one of Rihanna's core philosophies when she first started making headway into the beauty and fashion industries: that diversity and individuality deserve to be celebrated.  The exclusive show also featured ingenious musical performances by artists like Halsey, Big Sean, Tierra Whack, Migos, A$AP Ferg, DJ Khaled, and more. (Imagine Big Sean and A$AP Ferg performing a medley of "Clique" and "Bezerk" while models Cara Delevingne and Laverne Cox strut down the runway... it happened.) Sad that you missed a once-in-a-lifetime chance to catch the show? Amazon Prime Video has you covered. On September 20, the service will exclusively stream the entire show and even include some behind-the-scenes clips.   
 She brought her Oscar statue to the taping, as one casually does. Lady Gaga is undoubtedly a fashion innovator and boundary-pushing artist whose proclivity for rocking bold and cutting-edge clothing has cemented her place in the fashion industry as a genuine style star. So, it's not surprising that for last night's appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, she wore an alluring naked dress to chat with the comedian and late night show host. Her sheer, beaded, form-fitting black dress—by emerging London-based designer Khyeli—showed off just the right amount of décolletage. The brand was founded by Ahmed Alkhyel, who was formally trained in architecture according to the brand's website.     Gaga's glittery number is from his Spring-Summer 2019 collection is certainly captivating and come-hither, yet very elevated, which is the aesthetic the singer has been leaning towards this awards season.  For the Oscars red carpet, she channeled style icon Audrey Hepburn during her Breakfast at Tiffany's era in a custom-made Alexander McQueen bustier dress with a full godet skirt and black gloves. The literal crown jewel of her look came from the Tiffany & Co. archives, a 128.54-carat yellow diamond necklace that usually is kept under lock and key while on display at the Fifth Avenue flagship location. For the ceremony (and her intimate performance of "Shallow" with Bradley Cooper), she wore a black Brandon Maxwell gown that's available to shop 👏right 👏now.  For the Grammys, an event known for embracing more eccentric outfits (hello, Gaga arrived to the 2011 show in an egg), she wore a glamorous silver dress from Celine by Hedi Slimane and a cool 100 carats of Tiffany & Co. diamonds on her neck and ears. When Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper sang "Shallow" on stage at the Dolby Theatre on Sunday, their performance instantly went viral, with many on social media (including actor-comedian David Spade) questioning the nature of their relationship. While on Kimmel's show, Lady Gaga made sure she took time to shut down rumors and speculation that her links to Cooper is anything more than a friendship.  “You had such a connection with Bradley that, instantly, and I guess this is a compliment, people started saying, ‘Oh, they must be in love,'” Jimmy Kimmel inquired.  Gaga rolled her eyes in response. “First of all, social media, quite frankly, is the toilet of the Internet. And what it has done to pop culture is abysmal. And people saw love, and guess what? That’s what we wanted you to see,” she said of their chemistry. “This is a love song, ‘Shallow.’ The movie A Star Is Born, it’s a love story. We worked so hard, we worked all week on that performance.” 
 
 A fresh-faced cast wears Spring 2018’s most directional pieces: the first looks from every designer. This is the essence of the season. 
 This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window.  Rick Owens     Sveta Black. Rick Owens tunic, tank top, skirt, sleeves (worn on arm and leg), and sandals; Garnier Fructis Curl Shape Defining Spray Gel, $4, amazon.com. Prada      Sohyun Jung. Prada coat, shirt, shorts, bag, belt, and shoes; Chantecaille Rose de Mai Body Oil, $95, barneys.com.  Louis Vuitton    Grace Elizabeth. Louis Vuitton coat, top, shorts, and sneakers; La Mer The Body Crème, $195, sephora.com.  Loewe    Hiandra Martinez. Loewe T-shirt dress; IT Cosmetics Brow Power Universal Eyebrow Pencil, $32, sephora.com.  Coach 1941  Aube Jolicoeur. Coach 1941 shirt, slipdress, earrings, bracelets, and ring; Clarins Multi-Blush Cream Blush in Rosewood, $30, amazon.com.  Givenchy   Binx Walton. Givenchy trench coat, belt, bag, and boots; StriVectin Multi-Action Active Infusion Youth Serum, $89, ulta.com.  Dior  Chu Wong. Dior shirt, jeans, earrings, necklaces, belt, and ring; Mary Kay Endless Performance Crème-to-Powder Foundation, $18, mary kay.com. Bottega Veneta   Silke Van Daal. Bottega Veneta jacket and shirt; Olay Luminous Whip Moisturizer, $30, amazon.com.  Chanel  Birgit Kos. Chanel coat, top, skirt, earrings, and belt (worn as necklace); Elizabeth Arden Plush Up Lip Gelato in Natural Blush, $26, dermstore.com.  Balenciaga   Oliwia Lis. Balenciaga shirt, skirt, boots, and bag; MDNA The Eye Serum, $180, barneys.com.  Versace   Grace Hartzel. Versace jacket, vest, pants, choker, and belts; Neutrogena Hydro Boost Plumping Mascara, $10, ulta.com.  Max Mara  Dipti Sharma. Max Mara jacket, top, and pants; Nexxus Frizz Defy Finishing Mist, $13, amazon.com.  Gucci   Mia Brammer. Gucci jacket, shirt, skirt, necklaces, bag (worn as belt), and tights; Marc Jacobs Beauty Highliner Gel Eye Crayon in Blacquer, $25,  sephora.com.  Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello  Theresa Hayes. Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello blazer, blouse, shorts, earrings, and sandals; Pantene Hydrating Butter Crème, $8, amazon.com.  Fendi   Nina Marker. Fendi jacket and skirt; Laura Mercier Velour Lovers Lip Colour in An Affair, $28, sephora.com.  Calvin Klein 205W39NYC    Sara Grace. Calvin Klein 205W39NYC shirt, turtleneck, pants, pom-pom, and boots; AmorePacific Moisture Bound Lip Treatment, $35, sephora.com.  Céline     Faretta. Céline double-layer coat, bra, pants, and loafers; Dove Curls Defining Mousse, $4, amazon.com.  This article originally appears in the March 2018 issue of Harper's Bazaar, available on newsstands February 20.  Sittings Editor: Ben Perreira; Sittings Assistant: Ron Hartleben; Casting Director: Evelien Joos; Hair: Tina Outen; Makeup: Francelle; Manicures: Mei Kawajiri; Production: Ricky Michiels; Set Design: Bette Adams for Mary Howard Studio.
 Two iconic British fashion houses are set to join forces.  Back in March, it was announced that Riccardo Tisci would be the new Chief Creative Officer at Burberry, in a surprise move from the British fashion house. Now, in a sneak peek at what Tisci's Burberry will look like, the designer's first collaboration for the brand has been revealed—and it's with another iconic British designer: Vivienne Westwood.  Burberry and Vivienne Westwood's limited-edition collection will feature reimagined iconic styles from Burberry’s archive that celebrate British heritage and style. Proceeds from the collection will support Cool Earth, a non-profit organization working to save rainforests.  In a statement from the brand, Tisci explained the significance of the collaboration and revealed how Westwood inspired him to pursue a career in fashion design:  Westwood’s husband Andreas Kronthaler, who currently designs the main Vivienne Westwood collection, is also taking part in the design process of collaboration. He appears alongside Dame Vivienne Westwood and Riccardo Tisci in the photos announcing the special collaboration.  The Burberry x Vivienne Westwood collaboration is set to launch in December 2018, three months after Tisci's inaugural runway collection for Burberry debuts at London Fashion Week. And with the contrast between Vivienne Westwood and Burberry's take on British heritage fashion, it's sure to be a collaboration for the books.
 From the pages of Harper's BAZAAR, straight to your closet. Wherever your summer travels take you, get ready to suit up in this fun, one-piece wonder from buzzy brand, Les Girls Les Boys. Featuring bright lemon and bubblegum pink stripes, a flattering silhouette, and low back, this ShopBAZAAR exclusive is the ultimate summer must-have that looks great on the beach and cool on the streets paired with denim cutoffs. Les Girls Les Boys swimsuit, $120, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Loeffler Randall bag, $350, shopbazaar.com, Three Graces dress, $660, shopbazaar.com, Tom Ford palette, $108, shopbazaar.com, Chan Luu earrings, $80, shopbazaar.com, Les Girls Les Boys swimsuit, $120, shopbazaar.com, Cornetti sandals, $250, shopbazaar.com, Peshtemalart towel, $12, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Ouai hair foam, $28, shopbazaar.com, Rag & Bone hat, $250, shopbazaar.com, Joie DiGiovanni necklace, $2,220, shopbazaar.com, Diane von Furstenberg dress, $230, shopbazaar.com, Simon Miller bag, $390, shopbazaar.com,  Ancient Greek Sandals sandal, $185, shopbazaar.com, Les Girls Les Boy swimsuit, $120, shopbazaar.com  SHOP NOW Les Girls Les Boy swimsuit, $120, shopbazaar.com, La Bella Donna lipgloss, $24, shopbazaar.com, GRLFRND jeans, $250, shopbazaar.com, Lele Sadoughi earrings, $118, shopbazaar.com, Gucci bag, $2,100, shopbazaar.com, Patchology face mask set, $20, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW 
 Are you ready for the new bootcut a la Bella and the fresh way to approach the boyfriend jean? You may be saying 'denim is denim is denim.' But oh dear fashion girls, from less stretch to new washes, a crop here and a flare there, there is much to see in the realm of blue jeans. Shop the new looks and get inspired by the ladies who wear them well. It gets the Parisian girl seal of approval—a simple cropped flare in a light wash is easy like Sunday morning at the cafe. RE/DONE | Levi’s High Rise Crop Flare, $299, shopredone.com. SHOP A no-stretch dark wash denim sits on the precipice of jean and trouser—making them incredibly versatile and impossibly chic. Tibi jeans, $375, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP The bootcut is back with a decidedly sexy bent—as illustrated by Bella Hadid in a kicky pair worn with all black. 3x1 jeans, $255, 3x1.us. SHOP A little white jean goes a long way in a cool frayed crop. AGOLDE Riley in Polar, $158, agolde.com. SHOP The new party jean is an ankle-length skinny black high waisted number—going out top not included. Citizens of Humanity Rocket Crop in Shadow Stripe Darkness, $238, citizensofhumanity.com. SHOP Double denim is a modern must—take the idea into the here and now in a fresh dark wash. Need Supply jacket and jeans, $195 and $185, needsupply.com. SHOP Kate Bosworth goes for a trend-driven win in a one-shoulder top paired with dramatic black flares and embellished boots for a dressed up take on day denim. Frame Le Skinny De Jeanne Flounce Raw Edge in Film Noir, $229, frame-store.com. SHOP Part '90s fly girl, part denim sweatpant, these fold down baggy jeans and made for a great bodysuit and a little bit of attitude. Jean Atelier jeans, $375, fwrd.com. SHOP Keep it classic like the blogger behind Life of Boheme in oversized blazers and your favorite classic cut jean done up in white. GOLDSIGN Benefit in Pearl,  $295, goldsigndenim.com. SHOP The boyfriend style has found new life thanks to slouch boots and the innovative idea of going un-rolled like Kendall Jenner. J. Brand Johnny Mid Rise Boyfit in Powdered, $248, jbrandjeans.com. SHOP Cool girls know the best way to keep it chic is not trying too hard—and finding the perfect jean. Khaite jeans, $340, modaoperandi.com. SHOP The latest way to wear embellishment is subtly without too many bells and whistles but just the right amount of texture and interest. Isabel Marant Etoile jeans, $395, net-a-porter.com. SHOP For a truly high fashion take on denim opt for new styles that give a sense of layering—and file it under "what would Carine Roitfeld do?" Natasha Zinko jeans, $1,255, farfetch.com. SHOP Take your dark cropped denim up a size for some cool-factor slouch. Mother jeans, $205, motherdenim.com. SHOP The idea in distressed now is subtle elements here and there rather than an all-over approach. Less is more. AG The Phoebe in 18 Years Vaulted, $325, agjeans.com. SHOP
 "I love beating the sh*t out of tires for fun." Bella Hadid breaks a sweat as a lingerie-clad, sledgehammer-toting, tire-beating workout star for Day 18 of LOVE Magazine's annual Advent Calendar. It isn't the most relatable image (unless you, too, lift hundreds of pounds of rubber in your sexy underwear), but Bella sure makes it look easy.  I mean, excuse me, we can hardly do this in our sweats and sneakers: Pehaps, for Hadid, part of her fuel is her passion for the sport. "I love beating the sh*t out of tires for fun," she says. We're not sure if we agree from experience, but hey, to each her own.  Bella goes in, whacking this unlucky tire with a sledgehammer, wearing fire engine red Agent Provocateur lingerie, black sheer thigh-high stockings, hoop earrings, and leopard print heeled sandals—while water rains down on her from above. Not quite your everyday workout. In real life, the athleisure fan sports actual sports bras, leggings, and sneakers when she hits the gym, but the exercise is just as intense. "I train, and I work out hard for two hours," she revealed this year. The 21-year-old is the latest model featured in the British publication's holiday video series, for this year's exercise-focused "Stay Strong" theme. Her big sister Gigi starred just last week in a "freeform" video, where she sported Tommy Hilfiger x Gigi workout gear and embraced her body hair. Days prior, Kendall Jenner starred in her own Rocky Balboa training montage, Emily Ratajkowksi writhed around in spaghetti, and Ashley Graham looked glamorous while tugging a sled by herself. Bella also starred in an exercise-themed LOVE Advent video last year, but as a sultry '80s workout instructor.  THANK YOU FOR MAKING ME THE FIRST FOR @thelovemagazine Love Advent Calendar @kegrand !!!! 😈❤️😹 We always have the best time shooting this every year!!!! By the incredible @rankinarchive and @victoriayoung_ 💘💘Happy December!😈😈😈 A post shared by  Libragrl999🦋 (@bellahadid) on Dec 2, 2016 at 2:48pm PST 
 
 😳😳😳 Don't ask Naomi Campbell to comment on Kendall Jenner. While appearing on Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen, the supermodel said a lot about the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star—by barely saying anything at all.  In their interview, Cohen asked Campbell a question from a fan on Twitter. "Peter the Meteor wants to know your views on Kendall Jenner being the highest paid model while saying she 'cherry picks her jobs' and 'could never do 30 shows in a season?'" Cohen asked.  Without hesitation, Campbell said bluntly to the camera: "Next question." (The shade is real.) To refresh your memory, the fan question refers to recent backlash against Jenner from the modeling community after a quote from her interview with Love Magazine was shared on Instagram. “Since the beginning we’ve been super selective about what shows I would do," Jenner said in the quote. "I was never one of those girls who would do like 30 shows a season or whatever the fuck those girls do. More power to ‘em. But I had a million jobs, not only catwalks but everything else. The whole combination was very overwhelming and I started to freak out a little bit and needed to take a step back."   “Since the beginning we’ve been super selective about what shows I would do. I was never one of those girls who would do like 30 shows a season or whatever the fuck those girls do. More power to ‘em. But I had a million jobs, not only catwalks but everything else. The whole combination was very overwhelming and I started to freak out a little bit and needed to take a step back,” says the 22-year-old, admitting that she “was on the verge of a mental breakdown.” #LOVE20
 Photographer @alasdairmclellan  Fashion Editor @kegrand  Make up @ctilburymakeup  Hair @jamesspecis  Casting @bitton  Interview #MurrayHealy A post shared by  LOVE MAGAZINE (@thelovemagazine) on Aug 17, 2018 at 1:06am PDT After the outcry from other models, Jenner tried to clarify her quote on Twitter. "It was intended to be entirely complimentary but unfortunately, my words were twisted & taken out of context. I want to be clear. The respect that I have for my peers is immeasurable!" I was misrepresented in a recent interview over the wknd & it’s important to clarify the meaning. It was intended to be entirely complimentary but unfortunately, my words were twisted & taken out of context.I want to be clear. The respect that I have for my peers is immeasurable! I get to experience first hand their tireless commitment, their work ethic, the endless days, the lack of sleep, separation from family and friends, stress of traveling, the toll on physical and mental health, yet they still make it all look effortless and beautiful. Although Campbell chose not to speak about Jenner, she did gush over her supermodel friend Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber, who is a budding runway star. (Another fan asked if Kaia ever asks Naomi for modeling advice.) "She's adorable. I'm very proud of Kaia," Campbell said. "I sat with her and her mother at Azzedine Alaïa's, my late papa who's no longer here, we sat at the kitchen table and we just went through all the shows she should do or shouldn't do at the moment because, she's a baby. She'll get to them.  And she has followed everything. Very proud of her." 
 From florals and pastels to neutrals and brights... The days of all-matching dresses for bridesmaids are behind us, and let's be honest, there really is no one dress that looks good on an entire bridal party. Think outside the box this wedding season with bridesmaid dresses you can (and want) to wear again. From delicate pastels and flirty florals to sleek stunners and edgy details, celebrate the nuptials in a dress that won't compromise your personal style.  Be effortlessly cool in this chic maxi dress. R13 dress, $695, shopbazaar.com SHOP Turn heads in this stunning gown for your Upper East Side affair.  Stella McCartney dress, $3,150, shopbazaar.com SHOP Perfect for any summer wedding. Wear the sleeves up or off the shoulder. Caroline Constas dress, $795, shopbazaar.com SHOP It's no secret that lilac is a huge trend. See ya later millennial pink!  Haney dress, $1,100, shopbazaar.com SHOP Deliver understated glamour in this silk beauty.  Galvan dress, $1,450, shopbazaar.com SHOP Be the life of the party in this bright hued number. Magda Butrym dress, $2,133, shopbazaar.com SHOP A casual dress perfect for the downtown-cool nuptials. Harley Viera-Newton dress, $575, shopbazaar.com SHOP A classic that never goes out of style  and can be worn for any occasion.  Olivia Von Halle dress, $445, shopbazaar.com SHOP Because all-white bridal parties are now a thing and we're not mad about it.  Zimmermann dress, $745, shopbazaar.com SHOP You can wear this ultra feminine dress all spring and summer long. Wear it with or without the belt to transform your look.  Tibi dress, $995, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 A shopping experience complete with crystals and incense. Embodying the New Age doctrine is very much a niche lifestyle in New York City, in which the cacophony of honking Ubers and the indelible rage of waiting for a 20 minute delayed subway make it hard for anyone to feel their most spiritual self. Still, tapping into the bustling city's desperate need for reprieve, denim brand Mother has opened up Mystical Bazaar, a one-of-a-kind pop-up shop celebrating the brand's recent launch of its Mystical capsule collection.  New Yorkers can step inside the SoHo space, which was designed by architecture and design firm 8893, to find a series of structures inspire inspired by LA mid-century modern architecture with Japanese joinery.  In each structure, expect to find different occult experiences, from tarot to astrology readings led by Los Angeles mystics, including the astrologer and tarot card reader Natalia Benson. On the 3000 square feet main floor of the pop-up, there is an eclectic collection of handmade blankets, jewelry, baskets, vintage goods, and and even a crystal bar curated by Ellen Nguyen. The lower level space is dedicated to a "visual escape" to California's Muir Woods, in which you can participate in breath work sessions with breath work meditation guide and healer Ana Lilia.  Suffice to say, this space offers a rare opportunity to take a break from the concrete labyrinth that is New York City–and during the city's biggest annual event, New York Fashion Week, no less. Sunday is the last day to enjoy the otherworldly sensations of Mother's Mystical Bazaar. You can find the pop-up at 150 Wooster Street, North Building. The pop-up runs from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. 
 From logomania to sleek leather, backpacks aren't just for the kids anymore. What goes up, must come down and the microscopic It-bags of now are hardly big enough to hold both our lip glosses and iPhones at the same time. With the height of the mini bag trend came the resurgence of oversized totes, slouchy shoulder bags and, backpacks. But these aren't the backpacks you lugged around in your high school years. From your favorite luxury designers to emerging, need-to-know brands, shop the best luxe and all grown up backpacks this season.  Mansur Gavriel is known for making the bucket bags of our dreams and now, this sophisticated mini backpack is next on the list.  Play with summer's hottest trend in the form of a fully functional, but incredibly chic, basket backpack.  This terracotta minimalist backpack is handcrafted in Italy from 100% upcycled leather, making this bag both good for the environment and your soul.  If you're not totally sold on the beach basket trend, look to Rachel Comey's crocheted backpack version. Croc in a shoe is cool, but croc in a backpack is essential.  If you're a fan of the Burberry loafers, then you'll surely appreciate the classic Burberry backpack, complete with a metal chain link plaque.  Put an exotic spin on your classic carry-on.  Marc Jacobs grown-up backpack is a little too cool for school, but works perfectly for a long day browsing in the city.  For a feminine and whimsical touch, look to the Kara embroidered backpack.  It features adjustable leather straps and a playful flower pattern, making it a fun addition to your bag collection.  This chic little backpack is the perfect size, and boasts the glamorous YSL symbol for all behind you to admire. Who doesn't love a bit of soft velvet?  This luxurious bag is more than a backpack. The smooth white leather and merlot suede will make you want to take this from your commute to the club.  The coveted Faye bag receives the travelers update in the form of this small suede backpack, ideal for commuting and late nights out.  If prints, brights and playful designs are your aesthetic then look no further than this purr-fect pick.  Put the glam back in glamping with this classic canvas backpack that offers just the right amount of luxury.  Printed with Gucci's iconic logo, this simple but luxurious drawstring backpack will take you from day to night.  Channel your inner hypebeast with this downtown cool backpack. 
 Outfit ideas worth stealing, courtesy of actress-model Clara Mcgregor. There’s nothing quiet about this season’s biggest trends, especially when it comes to footwear. The range of options is larger-than-life: There are pointy mules with oversized bows, coquette-ish heels covered in animal-prints, booties in futuristic metallics, and retro-inspired sneakers with super chunky silhouettes. In short, a scene-stealing style to suit nearly every mood. But that doesn’t mean figuring out what to pair them with needs to be fraught with drama—all it takes to make it work is a playful attitude and a few simple tricks (even if you do spend hours trying on shoes at Saks' 10022 shoe floor). We tapped model and rising actress Clara McGregor to share her secrets for styling six of the season’s coolest shoes. After all, the twenty year old knows a thing or two about turning heads; thanks to her famous dad (yes, that would be Ewan) and recent roles in films such as Christopher Robin and Groove, she’s had plenty of exposure to the glamour of Hollywood.  Still, she knows how to keep it relatable and low-key, preferring to mix laid-back pieces with statement shoes. “I love being comfortable,” she says, but “awesome shoes can really make an outfit.” Here are her tips on how to build an entire outfit—with pieces that are all available at Saks—around cool-kid sneakers, edgy booties, and more.   Pile on the Prints A mash-up of different florals can be pretty (rather than dizzying) when worn with more graphic prints. To “keep the look strong,” Clara recommends choosing a neutral-colored shoe with a more rigid print, like this tartan western boot. Fendi Boots, $1,490 Shop it at SAKS Don't be Afraid to Get Wild Leopard-on-leopard might sound like a lot of look to pull off, but when done right it’s surprisingly polished. The key is to mix ladylike silhouettes, like a pointy mule with an A-line dress. And be intentional when coordinating the prints; this is one situation where being matchy-matchy pays off. Gianvito Rossi Mules, $915 Shop it at SAKS Pair Playful Details with Professional Pieces A kitten heel with an over-the-top bow feels grown up when paired with business-like separates. “I love a great suit—something classy but slightly edgy with a ’70s vibe,” Clara says. “If an outfit makes you feel good and empowered, then you’re never doing anything wrong.” Prada Mules, $790 Shop it at SAKS Add Interest to All Black “There’s nothing sad about all-black!” says Clara. “I think it can be super interesting—especially by mixing textures and playing with shapes.” Here, patent leather booties play perfectly against a floaty lace mini dress and sheer black tights. Saint Laurent Boots, $995 Shop it at SAKS Use Tonal Shades to Tame Sparkles A glittery statement bootie can be surprisingly neutral when paired with simple separates in calming hues like grey and ivory. As Clara says, the soft palette “keeps the focus on the shoe without being overpowering. Miu Miu Booties, $750 Shop it at SAKS Balance Oversized Silhouettes with Chunky Kicks Extra-large shapes and major prints require a shoe of equally mega proportions. Plus, these trendy retro-inspired sneakers come with an added bonus: “They’re comfortable, too,” Clara points out. Balenciaga sneakers, $895 Shop it at SAKS Styled by Coco Cassiba, Hair by Brian Buenaventura, Makeup by Mark Edio
 The brand's latest collaboration is an ode to the late street artist.  When it comes to fashion collaborations, Alice + Olivia knows how to have fun. But the brand's latest isn't just full of playful prints and color, it also pays homage to the legacy of the late Keith Haring.  The '80s street artist's most memorable works were transformed into fashion form, taking new life in a range of Alice + Olivia pieces including jackets, shoes, and the brand's signature ballgown skirts. The capsule collection, done in collaboration with the Keith Haring Foundation, features the artist's trademark dancing figures in patchwork collages and prints.  "I have always been a fan of Keith Haring's work—the colors and graphics,” Stacey Bendet said in a statement from the brand. “He was also one of the first artists to advance social causes and I think at this time in our world it's especially important to support artists who have made a difference.” Haring's artworks, which included murals, paintings, and graffiti-inspired works in urban areas, famously helped fund children's literacy projects as well as AIDS awareness initiatives. Haring himself died of AIDS in 1990 at the age of 31. In keeping with the artist's philanthropic endeavors, Alice + Olivia is adding a social aspect to the Haring collaboration as well. The brand is spreading the artist's mantra with an #ArtIsForEverbody social media campaign. To participate, Alice + Olivia is asking people to share photos of their own art—in the form of anything whether your child's artwork, your makeup routine, poetry, music, or a photo of the actual collection. For every Instagram post with the #artisforeverybody and #keithharingxAO hashtags, the brand will donate $1 (up to $25,000) to the CFDA now through November 16. Every post should also tag @aliceandolivia and @CFDA.  
 She changed everything but her jewelry.  Bella Hadid is at Cannes Film Festival right now, and as well as being spotted kissing her ex-boyfriend, The Weeknd, the model has been rocking some major outfit changes, too. Appearing yesterday on the red carpet for the Dior dinner at Cannes, Hadid wore a sheer red dress, with one strap worn off-the-shoulder. The skirt section of the dress was completely transparent, while the bodice was reinforced, so that she wasn't quite as naked as Kendall Jenner: Hadid paired the naked look with red heels, and a cute handbag: Getting ready for the night, Hadid shared several photos on Instagram, revealing that her make-up was by Dior, and her jewelry was by Bvlgari:  A few of my favorite things.... @diormakeup @bulgariofficial diamonds and @fannybourdettedonon #rockrockrock 💍 A post shared by  Libragrl999🦋 (@bellahadid) on May 12, 2018 at 12:16pm PDT And after the Dior party, Hadid was photographed in a completely different outfit for the Le Monde Est A Toi party at the Magnum Beach. Her second look consisted of skintight, silver biker shorts, and a tiny t-shirt which revealed her midriff. She kept her Bvlgari jewelry on though, because why ruin a good thing? Basically, both of Bella Hadid's outfits were just the right amount of naked for Cannes. Hadid has been spotted hanging out with her ex, The Weeknd, on several occasions throughout Cannes so far. 
 Slay, moms! Rihanna knows how to turn a fashion show into the must-see event of the season, and she didn't disappoint with her Savage x Fenty show tonight, at the close of New York Fashion Week. RiRi featured a diverse roster of models and dancers in her stunning lingerie presentation, and among those in the mix were two expecting runway stars.  One was Slick Woods, the 22-year-old Fenty muse, who officially announced her pregnancy in July. She rocked black pasties and with a barely-there one-piece featuring cut-outs that flaunted her belly.  The look was completed with nude thigh-high socks, heels, a black headband, and thick silver hoops. Woods walked Rihanna's grassy runway like it was nobody's business.  The back of her look had some provocative cut-outs, too. Who says maternity fashion has to be covered-up and conservative?   Another expecting model was a dancer who showed off some serious moves on during the show. She wore a plunging, cream sheer one-piece accented with flowers and matching elegant, arm-length gloves.   Honestly, how did she do that? The casting resonates with Rihanna’s focus on diversity with both her beauty and lingerie brands. When Savage x Fenty first launched in May, the singer-turned-designer made sure to include women of color and plus-size women in her ads. The actual products are also available in an exceptionally wide range of sizes, from 32A to 44 DD in bras, XS to 3X in undies.  Rihanna’s agenda of inclusivity was only cemented by tonight’s presentation, which proved that people of all shapes and colors—including pregnant women—can rock lingerie. And the internet couldn't be happier about it. I’m really speechless. Tonight’s show has been so fuckin brilliant. All sizes, shapes, colors and even pregnant women. She fuckin did that and has changed da game: thanks @rihanna #SavageXFenty The diversity, THE DIVERSITY! Sis had pregnant models y’all.  #SAVAGEXFW18 pic.twitter.com/5BVQ4oywTT wow #SavageXFW18 I don't think I've ever seen another lingerie collection use very visibly pregnant models before! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼  This fashion show is diverse in so many different ways Familiar faces in the lineup also included Gigi and Bella Hadid, Duckie Thot, Paloma Elsesser, and more. And of course, Rihanna herself made her rounds on the runway at the end of the show. Tonight's moms-to-be weren't the only models to walk the runway pregnant this season. Over the weekend, Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Aldridge walked for Brandon Maxwell while five months pregnant.  Relive the magic of Rihanna's Savage x Fenty Fall 2018 show in the live stream below. 
 For all the chic moms out there.  We should honor our mothers daily, but in case you've fallen off track—pay homage this Mother's Day with a thoughtful gift she'll actually appreciate. From beauty must-haves to chic accessories and home decor, shop our favorite gift ideas for mom this year.  Pearls are back. Give your mom an updated, modernized take on the trend with this mini hoop pair that's the perfect every day earring.  Add a little relaxing and unwinding to her beauty regimen with a jade roller that combats puffiness and improves circulation. Add this Rose Quartz Gua Sha facial massage tool to make it a full set.  Starting at $54 for the assorted Standout arrangement pictured.   Nothing will brighten her day quite like receiving a colorful delivery of flowers in the mail. From roses to peonies and assorted arrangements, The Bouqs Company has endless options to choose from.  If your mom isn't yet familiar with sustainable brand Everlane, now's the time to introduce her. This leather caryall (which also fits a laptop) is the perfect day bag for every woman.  You can never go wrong with a Chanel lipstick. A little bit of luxury that won't break the bank. Not only is Ippolita's "Cherish Interlocking" necklace a sweet sentiment, it also gives back to an important cause when purchasing from Olivela.com. The site donates a portion of each sale to a different non-profit organization. This necklace provides 6 days of school for Syrian refugee children through the site's CARE program.  For the mom who loves her skincare and beauty products, La Mer's 'Introductory Kit' is a gift she'll appreciate.  She can take her coffee on the go with this S'Well travel mug that's suited for keeping your coffee hot or cold all day.  Give her the gift of the perfect sandal that she'll want to wear every day this summer.  Who doesn't love a playful scarf?  Nothing but the best for your mom, including this 18-karat pink gold diamond ring by Chanel.  If she loves her UGG boots, she'll really love this plush and cozy robe by the brand, perfect for lounging around.  She'll look for any excuse to take out her wallet now.  And the mom who appreciates Chrissy Teigen's tweets, this chic set of pots from the star's Target collection is the perfect gift.   If she loves to read, she won't be able to put down this New York Times Bestseller that made Reese Witherspoon's Book Club pick. Owens' debut novel made such an impression on Witherspoon that the actress already signed on to produce the movie adaptation. The coming-of-age story follows Kya Clark, a young woman who gets tied up in a small-town's mysterious murder case.  She's not your regular mom, she's a cool mom and she needs a pair of AirPods too.  Even the least green-thumbed moms will be able to have fresh herbs and plants on hand with this automated indoor garden. A sweet, but subtle 'Mother' pendant she can wear as a necklace.  These candles featuring Andy Warhol's best works make for both a fresh scent and a chic home decor essential.  Take mom out for a Mother’s Day cooking class she'll love. Set in the stylish Four Seasons Restaurant, the class finishes with a four-course, wine paired lunch. The class is scheduled for Saturday, May 11th, 2019. A chic bangle watch with interchangeable bezels she can match to her look.  A chic new suitcase that will have her ready to book her next vacation ASAP.  Dyson's Supersonic hair dryer gives an ultra-fast blow dry without damaging your hair. It's exactly the splurge every mom on the go deserves.  This newly-launched brand specializes in the perfect power shirt. Available in an array of colors and prints, this button-down will be your mom's new go-to from the office to her casual weekend looks.  For a personalized gift that feels unique (your mom already has enough monograms in her life), introduce her to this new spiritual jewelry brand. Instead of a nameplate or birthstone, you choose an animal (from horses to swans, cats, and beyond) that embodies the personality traits of whomever is wearing the necklace. For example, a swan represents grace, compassion, and composure in seamlessly balancing work, family, and play.  Compatible with both Android and Apple devices, this portable printer develops 4x6 photos directly from her phone.  These tortoise shades are one of Meghan Markle's go-to sunglasses. Add a hint of royal style to your mom's collection with the same pair. Goop's detox bath salts, aptly called "The Martini," are meant to take the edge off after a stressful day. Bonus points if you add a real martini kit to your gift too.  Bvlgari just debuted a sterling silver with onyx and ruby pendant in honor of a ten-year partnership with Save the Children. For each necklace sold ($770, bulgari.com and in-stores starting May), $100 will be donated to the non-profit that focuses on children's rights and relief in developing countries.  A chic silk Gucci logo scarf she can wear around her neck, in her hair, or tied on her favorite handbag. 
 Some were confused about the statement made today at Paris Fashion Week. Last season, Maria Grazia Chiuri made her debut as Dior's first female creative director with a "We Should All Be Feminists" t-shirt that took the fashion world by storm. For the fashion house's Spring 2018 show today, the designer continued her message of women's empowerment with a new theme and statement-making tee.  The show opened with a model wearing a black-and-white striped t-shirt reading, "WHY HAVE THERE BEEN NO GREAT WOMEN ARTISTS?” Initially, viewers on Twitter (and even some of those attending the actual show) were a little confused by this bold question. As blogger Bryan Boy asked on Instagram Stories, "I guess Frida Kahlo is either a man or not great...?"  But the statement in question is actually the title of a 1971 essay penned by Linda Nochlin, which explores the topic of feminist art history. The essay explores the history of women having a difficult time achieving success in the arts—a fitting statement to make in an industry that is still predominantly controlled by men at the top. Chiuri is the first-ever woman creative director in Dior's 70-year history, so the statement makes all the more sense. Show notes left on guest's seats reveal Chiuri was inspired by Nochlin's feminist theory for Spring 2018. "It is necessary to give these different and specific artists their due for it’s they who break the mold of the traditionally male discourse in art history, and in fashion," the designer wrote.  The day before the show, Dior took to Instagram to share some behind-the-scenes inspiration for Chiuri's collection, which merges both art and fashion. In one video posted, Chiuri poses the question, “Is there a ‘feminine art’ as opposed to a ‘masculine art?’ No. I don’t think so at all. There are female artists in many fields. Certainly, they’re not as numerous for reasons that have nothing to do with capability. Each story is specific to a person, it’s not specific to that person’s gender. Each woman has something to say.”   With a colorful palette, blocks of thick rainbow brushstrokes, and a debate about female artists, we bring you some of the foundations of #MariaGraziaChiuri's musings on the links between women and art informing her Spring-Summer 2018 ready-to-wear collection to be unveiled on Tuesday 26th September! #DiorSS18 #PFW A post shared by  Dior Official (@dior) on Sep 25, 2017 at 8:41am PDT Last season's "We Should All Be Feminists" t-shirt donated a portion of proceeds to Rihanna's Clara Lionel Foundation, so hopefully Dior plans to add a charitable component to its new "Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists" t-shirt as well.  In the meantime, plan to see this tee take over the street style scene.  
 The full look book is here.  Another look at H&M’s upcoming collaboration with Moschino is finally here. The retailer’s latest designer collection, in collaboration with Moschino's Jeremy Scott, features a mix of streetwear along with a range of pieces that feel a bit more luxe. Starring a mix of influencers including RuPaul Drag Race winner Aquaria, DJs Aya and Ami, and personal friends of Scott modeling the collection, the full Moschino x H&M look book just made its debut ahead of the collection's November 8th release. Click through to see all full range of women's and men's pieces before they launch on hm.com next month.  Shop Moschino x H&M on November 8 
 Plus, shop the best, of course... We are already firmly in boot season—it seems like sandal weather was just a mere few days ago. Mostly because it was. But onwards and upwards! Nothing will shake you into a new season like fashion month street style images—a place that, incidentally, serves as a treasure trove of good knee-high-boot inspiration. See how ladies we love are wearing the style, and shop some of the best.   A sculptural, oversized blazer calls for no pants and a great pair of dark red boots. These statement-makers are at their best with simple pieces like jeans or a long white dress, where they can really steal the show. We've been on board with the white boot trend for quite some time, and this lightened up approach doesn't get old. They really come alive against this burgundy leather trench. These are definite car-to-curb shoes, but we know you're fancy enough to handle that. While one might think that a girl who wears gold boots is all glam all the time, we love the juxtaposition of this statement heel paired with utilitarian basics.  We're here for a good party boot. Wear these with a black mini dress or chinos to show their inherent versatility. While certainly its own category, there's no denying that the cowboy boot is, more often than not, also a knee high boot. It has been enjoying a trend moment, but is certainly a classic. We love it with this '70s leather dress. The perfect weekend boot. Zebra just feels like the star animal print of the moment—we love it on these slouchy boots, paired with a men's blazer and jeans.  Who doesn't love a boot that knows how to take center stage? There's also no denying the power of a snake print. Some might call you a charmer in these babies. Two-tone pieces are emerging in pants, dresses, coats, and more—so why not boots? Although this pair on Xenia are neutral shades of black and tan, they feel anything but basic.  A little bit nautical, a little bit '60s—we'll wear this mod style with a denim pencil skirt and white blouse and be ready for the day. A wide, slouchy brown boot is utterly flattering and utterly timeless—Bettina Looney sells the trend.  This croco boot will make you look like the richest lady in town. Equestrian vibes are in its DNA but this boot is undeniably all about style.  Last but certainly not least, Camille proves that a great black knee high boot is forever. Paired with a bold-shouldered coat, it's all cool Parisian girl here.  File these under: keepers. You'll forget you owned another boot. 
 Everything to know from Chanel Couture's lavish garden party show.  From space stations to airlines to data centers, Chanel is known for its over-the-top runway sets—and today's Spring 2018 Couture show was no exception.  Staging the most lavish French garden party, Karl Lagerfeld sent his latest Chanel Couture collection down a runway of fountains, elaborate trellises, and thousands of English roses. Mirroring the theme of the set, the collection included ornate beading, feathered ensembles, floral embellished booties, and rose-topped veils accessorizing every look.  The occasion also marked Kaia Gerber's Couture Week debut, following her breakout runway season last September. The 16-year-old previously walked Chanel's Spring 2018 ready-to-wear show, but this marked her first couture show ever. For her big debut, Kaia walked the runway in a beaded and feathered blush pink dress with matching boots.  In fact, feathers, tulle, and elaborate beading took center stage at the show—making for a number of potential Oscars gowns this season.  Replacing last season's highly-coveted glitter boots, the Spring 2018 Couture looks were topped off with lucite-heeled boots that were adorned with intricate floral beading.  Most jaw-dropping of all, however, was the grand finale look. Accompanied by Karl Lagerfeld's 9-year-old muse Hudson Kroenig (who threw rose petals from a basket, making for the cutest flower boy moment ever), the final look featured a white suit complete with a dramatic feathered gown overlay. Making for the dreamiest of bridal looks, it was topped with a feathered headpiece and white veil.    Now that's one way to make an exit. 
 The project features 110 portrait shots of style muses and 40 paintings of royal women. "It is our tribute to beauty, eccentricity, and vanitas,” he tells BAZAAR.com of Queens: Alta Moda di Dolce & Gabbana, the design duo's recently published hardcover fashion book via Assouline Publishing.The 216-page book is filled with 100 color images and ten black and white portraits of the brand's biggest muses and friends, who were photographed by Dolce over two years. His subjects include, but not limited to Anastasia Belyak, Lori Harvey, and Azteca Henry, who are clad in ultra luxe and sophisticated pieces from Dolce&Gabbana Alta Moda and Alta Gioielleria. Snapped in the bright Baroque interiors with textured walls, gold-trimmed plush couches, and chairs, and printed carpets, each style muse wears a distinct and feminine outfit that personifies the modern-yet-classic Dolce & Gabbana woman. For example, Coco Brandolini d'Adda looks stunning posing against a burgundy chair while sporting in a black gown with tulle overlay and vibrant pink floral appliques. She's dripping in gold-tone jewelry with multicolor flares of color. The fashion book also includes 40 paintings of princesses, empresses, and noblewomen from renowned masters such as Italian painters Bronzino and Tiziano, French painter Élisabeth Vigée Le Brun, and German painter Anton Raphael Mengs.Click through to preview some of the most standout photographs from Queens: Alta Moda di Dolce&Gabbana.
 A casual rainy day outfit.  Emily Ratajkowski knows how to make all of our jaws drop with a stunning nude photo. After sharing some steamy vacation pics a couple weeks ago, the model is back with another nearly-naked Instagram sure to make you do a double-take.  Sharing a behind-the-scenes look at an upcoming shoot, Ratajkowski posted a photo wearing nothing but a see-through PVC trench coat and icy blue hoop earrings. And although she's no stranger to sexy selfies, this one is still guaranteed to make you feel completely shook.    Aside from making for the perfect nearly-naked photo, the nude trench is right on-time for spring's clear PVC trend that was spotted on countless runways from Balmain to Chanel and Valentino. It would also make quite the rainy day look to combat all those April showers.  Of course, this is hardly the first time the model has posed naked (well, basically naked) on Instagram. In fact, just yesterday she shared another topless photo from the same shoot—sans the sheer trench.  And last week, she posted more topless and bikini-clad photos to promote her swimwear line, Inamorata Swim, on Instagram.  One of the behind-the-scenes photos even featured Ratajkowski's new husband, Sebastian Bear, putting "the finishing touches" on one of her looks. Ratajkowski and Bear recently tied the knot after dating for a few weeks with a surprise wedding at City Hall in New York on February 23.    So far, it seems he's taking his role as Instagram husband very seriously—which is understandable when you're married to the Queen of Nearly Nude Instas. 
 Go behind-the-scenes with this year's Angels.  As this year's lineup of Victoria's Secret Angels and models hit the runway in Shanghai, we're tracking all the greatest behind-the-scenes moments too. From blowing kisses to girl squad pics and glam squad moments, click through to see all the sexiest backstage photos captured at this year's VS Fashion Show.  Karlie Kloss snaps a selfie during hair and makeup. Lily Aldridge flashes a peace sign during makeup. Bella Hadid blows a kiss while getting her hair done. Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro goof around backstage before the show. Alessandra Ambrosio signs a Victoria's Secret Fashion Show autograph book. Romee Strijd does a mirror check before hitting the runway. Maria Borges strikes a pose in one of her runway looks. Olivier Rousteing, who designed the Balmain x Victoria's Secret looks, poses with Karlie Kloss backstage. Alanna Arrington lounges backstage in her Pink look. Bella Hadid strikes a pose in her wings. Devon Windsor during her backstage glam. Alessandra Ambrosio strikes a pose before hitting the runway. Frida Aasen blows a kiss backstage. Jourdana Phillips flashes the peace sign while waiting backstage. Sara Sampaio takes a phone break during hair and makeup. Georgia Fowler poses in her feathered lace look. Grace Elizabeth gets ready in her pink floral Victoria's Secret robe. Bella Hadid wears her third look of the night. Romee Strijd in a Grecian-inspired runway look. Lais Ribeiro poses with her gold feathers backstage. Martha Hunt shows off her look behind-the-scenes. Zuri Tibby throws a punch in a Pink look. turns her floral robe into a skirt backstage. Alexina Graham takes a break backstage. Karlie Kloss Devon Windsor
 The fashion girl's guide to dressing for the rain.  April showers bring...major outfit dilemmas for spring. With varying temperatures and on-and-off rain, spring weather dishes out some styling hurdles for the fashion set to jump. But luckily, this season's clear PVC trend, reconstructed trench coats, and abundance of color makes dressing for spring rain easier than ever. Get inspired this season with these street style-approved looks that will have you hoping for more rainy days.   The days of cliché, frumpy raincoats are over—with this spring's plastic, PVC trend offering up plenty of chic outerwear styles to choose from.  Calvin Klein raincoat, $1,855, stylebop.com. SHOP Streamlined, elegant classics—from a sleek trench jacket to sculptural earrings and a mini leather handbag—work in rain or shine.  Brighten up a dreary, rainy day with vibrant colors and patterned jackets.  H&M; jacket, $35, hm.com. SHOP Add luxe accents to your look in the form of chic leopard prints—with wide-leg pants or an umbrella.  Topshop umbrella, $30, topshop.com. SHOP Fake a sunny day with a bright and bold yellow piece—whether a dress, jacket, or in the form of an accessory.  Tibi dress, $995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Take note from Chanel's Spring 2018 runway collection of clear PVC hats, bags, and boots while accessorizing with clear, waterproof pieces this spring.  The Handbag Raincoat, $20, shopbop.com. SHOP Give your go-to camel trench a break and opt for a fresh printed iteration instead.  Burberry trench, $2,395, net-a-porter.com. SHOP The perfect mix between a raincoat and trench—go for a vinyl coated jacket this season.  Diane von Furstenberg vinyl trench, $478, dvf.com. SHOP Hop on spring's rainbow trend with a colorful umbrella that acts as the perfect top off to any rainy ensemble.  Rain-Mate umbrella, $17, amazon.com. SHOP Instagrams via @yarashahidi and @lukasabbat Opt for a pair of bold, colorful waterproof boots that will have you splashing in sidewalk puddles in style.  Balenciaga boots, $1190, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Combat the rain with light, pretty spring pastel hues—from blush pink to icy blues and beyond.  And as the saying goes, there's no better way to combat April showers than with the help of some flowers. Think floral print jackets, umbrella, or pants.  Isabel Marant floral windbreaker, $1,045, nordstrom.com. SHOP
 "I could easily see teenagers and women in their 70s wearing some of these pieces." Actress Gillian Anderson is dipping a toe into the world of fashion with her first ever capsule collection with British label, Winser London. The Chicago-born actress, best known for her roles in The X-Files, The Fall and The Last King of Scotland, has teamed up with the brand to create a collection of simple, well-made staple pieces—including blazers, sweaters, blouses, and trousers.  Ahead of the launch, Anderson spoke to BAZAAR.com about her first experience with designing a collection, the inspiration behind the pieces, and how her bustling career has shaped her personal style. HarpersBAZAAR.com: What influences and has shaped your personal style? Gillian Anderson: I guess sometimes some of the characters I play have an influence. I know that in the last 2 years,  a character called Stella Gibson that I played on The Fall influenced me a lot. It wasn't so much that I ended up wearing silk shirts or pencil skirts or some of the things that were quintessentially her style, but I definitely feel like she influenced my sense of femininity, helped me to embrace feminine aspects of myself, so I guess that's an influence. I don't often then wear the clothes that a character has worn. So, I often find myself during the fitting saying 'this is amazing! If I were more creative or more brave, I would wear this in my personal life.' I don't often take home the clothes of a character. HB: When did you realize you wanted to make this transition and step into the fashion world?   GA: I guess it was when Winser asked me! It wasn't something that I really had an interest in getting involved in before. I have a couple of friends who are fashion designers and it just never even occured to me that  I might step in that direction. So it was really just them asking and me asking myself if I were to do this, what would I want to say through the clothes that I'd be creatively contributing? What are pieces that I might wear? What are things I don't feel like I have found myself and therefore is this an opportunity to create things that don't necessarily exist out there, or at least that I haven't been to find. That's kind of how it began.    HB: Do you think being styled on set for so many years influenced your sense of style?   GA: Possibly. For many, many years, I didn't pay any attention to it at all. I never used a stylist for events or award shows, never really paid that much attention to fashion or designers. Then in the last decade, I started with working with a man who could be considered one of the kings of  vintage clothing who sources some of the most extraordinary clothing and vintage dresses. So conversations with him about the history of fashion and starting to wear some of those clothes to events and realizing the difference between wearing something that is tailored incredibly, wearing a piece of art in essence, and not. And, the difference in how that makes you feel when you're getting a tailored suit or a suit that is cut incredibly well and how now nice it feels.  That was one of the things that was important to me in this collection—properly paying attention to those kinds of details that I appreciate. Whether it's hidden colors, quality of the lining, double-faced material, double-faced wools, making sure the material is good and we have a clear understanding of the supply chain. And, that the majority of the materials are as local as they can be, and the quality is really good and yet still affordable.  HB: What else was important to you when designing this collection?   GA: One of the most important things for me in this was that the pieces felt multi-purpose. That pieces could be very easily dressed up or dressed down. We have a silk cotton blouse, for instance, where both the collar and the cuff could be fitted in four different ways and can look styled to be more relaxed and casual, or dressy. Both of the coats, and the tuxedo jacket, have the same feel of being relaxed and yet stylish and luxurious in a light wool fabric. The sense that the blouse or even the crewneck jumper, it's cashmere, it's fitted, could be easily worn with jeans or with dress pants. HB: What kind of woman do you see wearing this collection?    GA: Obviously, we hope that the reach is as far as possible, but I could easily see teenagers and women in their 70s wearing some of these pieces. The swing coat is ageless, the silk blouse is ageless, the trousers are ageless—I'm hoping everybody! HB: Do you see yourself working more in fashion in the future?   GA: Initially, I felt like this was very much a one time only capsule collection. But, the process felt quite effortless and enjoyable. And I think also my struggle this summer to find a lot of casual dresses might lead me to maybe do a little dress collection. It's certainly opened my mind a bit more to different areas that we could take this. It all depends on how this first collection goes down, and kind of take it from there!  You can shop Gillian's entire collection at www.winserlondon.com   #Countdown #GillianAnderson #WinserLondon #AW18 #GAWinserLondon A post shared by  Winser London (@winserlondon) on Aug 27, 2018 at 12:37pm PDT 
 Get ready for Tommy x Zendaya. After four seasons of Tommy x Gigi, Tommy Hilfiger is gearing up for his next design collaboration with Zendaya. Dubbed 'Tommy x Zendaya,' the duo's first see-now, buy-now collection is slated to debut on March 2 at Paris Fashion Week, WWD reports.   Earlier today, the brand teased the show location with a short video in the French capital on Instagram.   Where will #TOMMYNOW go next? Here’s a hint... #PFW✨ A post shared by  Tommy Hilfiger (@tommyhilfiger) on Jan 8, 2019 at 2:03am PST The Tommy x Zendaya Paris show is just the latest in the brand's series of globe-trotting runways. Most recently, Hilfiger staged its Fall 2018 collection with Lewis Hamilton in Shanghai. And for all four seasons of Hilfiger's collaboration with Gigi Hadid, the designer and model jet-setted to runways around the world including London, Milan, Los Angeles, and New York. In fact, the New York-based brand hasn't shown at New York Fashion Week since the Fall 2016 season.  The brand first announced Zendaya as its new women's ambassador and co-designer in October. Along with collaborating on the collection, the actress/singer will also star in the brand's Spring 2019 global campaign.  “I love to collaborate with people who are passionate about making their dreams a reality and who inspire the next generation to do the same," Tommy Hilfiger said in a statement from the brand. “Zendaya has become a global icon, using fashion to make bold statements while always staying true to herself. Our capsule collection will fuse her eclectic style with the Americana spirit of our brand.”  Spring 2019 collection coming soon✨ #TommyXZendaya @tommyhilfiger A post shared by  Zendaya (@zendaya) on Oct 16, 2018 at 11:45am PDT 
 A classic timepiece is the ultimate accessory. Whatever your style, the way you wear your watch can say a lot about you. In the office or on the town, it’s vital that your timepiece not only keeps you punctual but works effortlessly with your wardrobe too.   As way of inspiration, we looked to the well-adorned wrist of jewelry designer Carolina Bucci to see how she styles her beloved Royal Oak Frosted Gold watch.  "When I'm at work, it's important that my clothes aren't overpowering, so I look for high-quality fabrics and incredible cuts," Bucci says. "My workwear style is relaxed luxury, but mainly, I let my jewelry do the talking." As the creative director of her family's jewelry dynasty, Bucci knows a thing or two about accessorizing. "I love layering, but not in a delicate or traditional way. I'm Italian and gesticulate a lot so I couldn't handle jangling jewels. I wear my gold woven and twister bracelets to bring just the right amount of glamour without them getting in the way." Considering it's the one accessory we wear every day, finding a watch that complements your workwear is key. "Audemars Piguet's Royal Oak Frosted Gold is the perfect match for my office style," says Bucci. "The brand gave me the opportunity to redesign their iconic design and I wanted to create a women's timepiece that doesn't just involve a sprinkling of diamonds and a pink strap."  With this synergy of Bucci's jewelry expertise and Audemars Piguet's watchmaking, the resulting design is understated, authoritative glamour.  For those who like to mix it up, the weekend is your time to push the fashion envelope. "I've always loved color — the way it interacts and the emotions it provokes — so I get experimental with my jewelry when I'm off-duty," reveals Bucci. "I wear my Forte Beads to bring just the right amount of playfulness to my look." Layering on vibrant bracelets is a great way to add an individual twist and make your watch personal to you.  "I wear a myriad of semi-precious color stone beads as they remind me of childhood days braiding friendship bracelets with my sister on Forte dei Marmi beach. It's fun to try different combinations and mix in letter beads when I want to make a statement." Elevating your look for a special occasion is easy when armed with a breathtaking timepiece and, according to Carolina, you can't go wrong with classic styles.  "My mother has always inspired my look," says Carolina. "She would wear the most beautiful gowns whether she was going to the theatre or the Opera. The family safe was in my childhood bedroom, hidden behind a painting, so she’d come in and unroll these beautiful jewels and watches. I would lie in bed, watching her getting ready." Today, Carolina embraces her Italian roots and amps up the glamour herself with floor-length dresses and a flash of yellow gold on the wrist. "I love how the Royal Oak truly shimmers thanks to my signature Florentine Finish and the smooth mirror dial reflects the world around me. It makes for a unique talking point." And one that will never go out of style. Discover the Royal Oak Frosted Gold Carolina Bucci limited edition here 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Tyra Banks, Kim Kardashian and Blake Lively have all worn this cocktail dress. Meghan Markle has certainly shown us she has a penchant for both high and low fashion, whether it's a Ralph & Russo couture dress for her engagement photos, or her favorite Aritzia trench coat for a sporting event. Just this week Markle has demonstrated how life is all about that high/low balance and you don't ever have to compromise on style. The royal-in-training stepped out on Tuesday in a chic Altuzarra runway dress for a royal engagement alongside Prince Harry. The spring dress is in stores and  retails for about $1,995.  However, last night Markle attended a women's empowerment event in an equally stylish sheath by Black Halo which you can buy right now for $395. She paired the dress with ankle-strap pumps and a luxe patent Gucci clutch that retails for $895. There's a good chance that this dress might look a bit familiar to you, as this dress has been around for more than a decade! Blake Lively first wore it in white back in 2006 at the CW Upfront event when she was acting on Gossip Girl. Tyra Banks has worn the dress in more than one color at various events. Even Kim Kardashian has rocked this Jackie-O namesake dress. It's ability to flatter many different shapes and sizes clearly has made it a celebrity go-to, as well as its timeless silhouette. The dress is currently available in black, blue and red, $375, saks.com. SHOP Want more royals? Now you can watch all of the best episodes from Bazaar's Royal Watch—right here on Prime Video.
 The model channeled the former First Lady's infamous pink coat.  From fashion editorials to posing fully nude, Emily Ratajkowski knows how to turn heads with a stunning photoshoot. Her latest, however, shows the model like we've never seen before: as the late Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.  While on the streets of New York, EmRata was seen being photographed as the former First Lady for an upcoming shoot. In the images, the model wears an oversized pastel pink coat seemingly referencing the infamous pink tweed suit Jackie Kennedy wore when President Kennedy was assassinated in 1963. And she surprisingly looks just like a modern-day version of Jackie. Though she didn't wear a matching pillbox hat, the model sported the same '60s hairstyle as the late style icon. Furthering the retro-inspiration, she wore black winged eyeliner and nude lipstick for the photos. The former First Lady's style has been repeatedly channeled in fashion as of late. Last season, Moschino sent a lineup of alien-inspired Jacqueline Kennedy clones down the runway at Milan Fashion Week. Joan Smalls, Gigi Hadid, Kaia Gerber, and Bella Hadid were amongst the models transformed into the late Jackie O at the show. 
  While it's unclear who Emily Ratajkowski was doing the '60s-inspired shoot for, she was photographed alongside model Jordan Barrett. If you excuse us, we'll be patiently awaiting the final photo outcome. 
 The season's best snow boots won't cramp your style.  Let's face it: winter is coming, and with winter comes the blizzards, the slush, and the snowy city streets. Whether you're going for a weekend ski trip or just trying to make it through your commute without sliding on ice, you're going to need a pair of snow boots. Now more than ever, investing in a chic pair of snow boots is easy. The stylish iterations of now are both weatherproof and enviable. Ahead, click through to shop our favorite (non-embarrassing) options.  These chunky, black snow boots from DVF are not only easy to style but are also incredibly on-trend for winter. With a thick rubber sole and calf-leather outing, you'll be able to stomp through both slush and puddles.  Isabel Marant's Nowly snow boots feature a luxe shearling lining and a smooth leather outing—and they won't cramp your style, either.  Sorel makes affordable snow boots that'll carry you through the entire cold-weather season. The sole is vulcanized for traction, which is ideal for those slippery city streets.  You can't go wrong with Timberland's—all New Yorkers will testify to that. With a waterproof construction and combat boot-esque shape, the Jayne snow boot will look so good paired with turtleneck dresses and leather skirts.  If luxury is what you're after, then this Prada snow boot is the right choice for you. Hit the slopes (and snap a selfie) with these platforms options, complete with the brand's signature edge.  At this point, we all know how comfortable and long-lasting Dr.Martens shoes are. Add these comfortable, low-heeled leather snow boots to your collection.  Leave it to cult-favorite brand Ganni to create a snow boot you'll want to wear when it's not even snowing. At the forefront of cold-weather ready outerwear and footwear is Burberry. With these checked snow boots, you can pair them with both brown, cream and black winter ensembles.  Stuart Weitzman shoes are always the most comfortable and lush; and that's evident with these Janica snow boots. Add a luxe touch to any wardrobe with this all-black pair or the stark white version.  Crafted in an easy-to-match brown suede, these classic hiking boots from See By Chloé work for both cabin trips and wintery errand running alike. Wear them with other cold-weather neutrals for a cozy look.  Ideal for both the pouring rain and the frigid snow, Tamara Mellon's Easy Rider boot is comfortable, sleek and commuter-safe. It's crafted in Italy from smooth black leather for all your seasonal concerns. These chic ankle-high lambskin snow boots from yves Salomon speaks to the brand's aesthetic; durable, timeless and rooted in utilitarianism.  Ideal for luxe ski trips abroad, these Inca boots from Jimmy Choo pays tribute to the Inca Trail. With woven panels of suede and leather, wear these with neutral separates and leather trousers.  Made specifically for wintery conditions, these snow boots from Ludwig Reiter have cozy shearling inside and chunky treads for street stomping. 
 Plus, shop the essentials to get the looks.  Most days of the year, showing up to a party in matching outfits with your significant other would be a little much, but Halloween makes it completely acceptable to go matchy-matchy. Need a little inspiration to make the most of your once-a-year opportunity to shamelessly coordinate? We've got you covered with these famous fictional couples and the essentials for pulling their looks off with style.  Nobody's more appropriate for sleuthing around a night of murder and mystery than Riverdale's favorite (and most trouble-prone) high school sweethearts.  A pink cardigan with delicate crystals details? Even Mrs. Cooper would approve.  Kate Spade New York sweater, $198, nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW Who would Jughead be without his signature crown-edged beanie?  Hot Topic beanie, $14, hottopic.com. SHOP NOW They may be creepy and kooky, but when it comes to supportive, passionate relationships, the Addams parents set a pretty strong, and seasonally appropriate, example.  For Morticia's shadowy, otherworldly appeal, opt for something long, slinky, and very very black. PrettyLittleThing dress, $15, prettylittlething.com.  SHOP NOW You have to appreciate a man with a signature style, like Gomez's daring suits.  Topman jacket, $120, nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW If you love to dress up and your man really doesn't, we suggest spending Halloween as the starring couple from Breakfast at Tiffany's. You can go as far out as you want with any of Holly's classic looks (seriously, practically everything she wore in this film is iconic) while all your Paul needs is a good gray suit. There are very few days of the year you can get away with wearing a tiara, might as well embrace it for Holly's signature film-opening look. Just add croissant.  FUMUD Jewelry tiara comb, $6, amazon.com.  SHOP NOW Charter Club necklace, $40, macys.com. SHOP NOW Paul's rescue of Holly's unnamed cat makes for one of the most romantic moments in film history, which of course means your man needs a (slightly more cooperative) cat to complete his look.  Douglas stuffed cat toy, $19, amazon.com.  SHOP NOW Why dress as a fairytale couple when you could emulate a real life fairytale instead? The prince and his actress-turned-Duchess bride gave use a reason to believe in romance this year, and if that's not a good reason to inspire your costume dedication, the fact that they also make a stylishly simple costume solution for those last minute Halloween party invites.  Really any look from Meghan's astoundingly stylish catalogue would work, but we particularly love the Stella McCartney dress she sported to the royal wedding reception.  Jarlo dress, $195, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW We can't promise a royal title, but your guy will certainly look princely in a snazzy tux.  Topman jacket, $144, nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW Even those not inclined to musical theater have a soft spot for the star couple of Grease. Slip into your best '50s duds—may we recommend the iconic all-black outfits from the movie's finale?—and brush up on that soundtrack, because these costumes will have you humming "You're the One That I Want" all night long.  Pair this simple, black off-the-shoulder top with a pair of sleek black pants and heels for a picture perfect Sandy.  PrettyLittleThing top, $10, prettylittlething.com. SHOP NOW A Halloween costume piece that's also primed to become a wardrobe staple? Yes please.  Mango jacket, $300, mango.com.  SHOP NOW The resurgence of '90s trends makes now a perfect time to embrace the nostalgia by spending your Halloween as Saved by the Bell's ultimate gen-X prom king and queen Tease your hair up to gargantuan proportions, throw on a scrunchy and slip into the most California-beach-girl article of clothing you can get your hands on.  Mango shirt, $26, mango.com. SHOP NOW Electric-pastel '90s magic? Yes. Weirdly, modernly, irreverently cool? Also yes. At last a shirt Zack Morris and the rest of the world can agree on.  Bonobos shirt, $59, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Looking for an in-character excuse to scarf down those tiny bite-sized chocolate bars all night? Just go as the stars of I Love Lucy and say you're reenacting Lucy's famous chocolate factory scene.  For a proper '50s effect look for midi length skirt in a playful color with femme details.  J Crew skirt, $66, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW An ultra-shiny slicked-back coiff is a must for Ricky Ricardo's signature look.  Bumble and Bumble pomade, $29, sephora.com.  SHOP NOW If there's such a thing as sci-fi couple royalty, these two are the king and queen (well, Princess-General, but you get the idea.) Side-buns, gold bikini, frozen in carbonite, middle-aged - no matter what versions of this duo you're drawn to, you can't go wrong.  Add a blaster and go kick some ass—regally, of course.  Jean Paul Knott dress, $295, farfetch.com.  SHOP NOW Simple, understated, and perfect for smuggling Imperial secrets out of hidden bases; this vest has it all.  Gihuo vest, $29, amazon.com. SHOP NOW If you and your SO are up for a little more effort, we strongly suggest practicing your lifts before showing up to a party as these Dirty Dancing stars. After all, how else are you going to have the time of your life?  This modern version of Baby's tie-front crop top guarantees nobody will put you in a corner (sorry not sorry.) PrettyLittleThing top, $28, prettylittlething.com. SHOP NOW For low-effort types, Johnny's black jeans, black boots, black tank ensemble is ideal.  Hanes tank top, $14 for two, amazon.com.  SHOP NOW You know those ice breaker questions people ask at dinner parties—what would you choose for your last meal, what book would you want on a desert island, etc.? This duo-costume is the Halloween party version of that. Too incesty? Just incesty enough? Whether people love it or want to leave it, everyone will have an opinion on this controversial Game of Thrones couple.  We've got everything you need to pull together the Mother of Dragons' beauty look, now all you need is a killer draped dress.  Lulus dress, $89, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW After news broke the the Game of Thrones costumers have been using Ikea rugs for the Stark cloaks for seasons, the home decor brand released instructions on how to make your own (it's much easier than putting together one of their bookcases.) Ikea rug, $30, ikea.com.  SHOP NOW
 From flip flops to bucket hats.   This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. SKIMS is finally here. After months of teasing and a brief rebranding stint, Kim Kardashian West launched her long-awaited shapewear and undergarment line yesterday, which has reportedly already made millions.  The new line brings "solutionwear," or body-enhancing undergarments, to the forefront of the sartorial limelight. SKIMS makes use of the latest shaping techniques, from heavy bonded materials that smooth and flatter to a compression method that automatically cinches the wearer's waist, to universally accommodate all body sizes. "I rely on solutionwear to accentuate and enhance my body, shape, and silhouette," Kardashian West said in a statement. "As my style changed and evolved, I found myself altering existing shapewear to work specifically for each look that I was going for. I knew I wasn't alone in looking for the perfect shapewear and was inspired to turn my passion into something real that works for every body type." SKIMS garments fall under six categories: Seamless Sculpt, Core Control, Sheer Sculpt, Contour Bonded, Fits Everybody, and Mesh Intimates. Sizes range from XXS to 4X, and up to 5X in shapewear. You can also mix and match with nine color availabilities: sand, mica, clay, ochre, sienna, umber, oxide, cocoa, and onyx. HarpersBAZAAR.com also spoke to the SKIMS founder about her thoughts on all of today's raging fashion trends, in an exclusive episode we called Kim's Kourt. There, she weighed in on everything from exposed thong straps to the color pistachio green. What got the KKW stamp of approval? You'll have to watch the video to find out.
 A look back at all the standouts.  Now that the Spring 2020 runways have officially come to an end, we're taking a look back at the top collections that will define next season. From Loewe’s artisanal craftsmanship to Dries Van Noten’s ‘80s-inspired maximalism to some newcomers to take note of—there’s a lot to get excited about come Spring. For the love of fashion:  The beauty is in the details:  Sarah’s collections are always the perfect mix of artisanal materials and sharp tailoring. This season she used linen from the oldest mill in Ireland and upcycled tulle, organza, and lace from previous collections.  The standout look: Sarah never does anything by half measures, and her approach to collaboration is no exception. She invited each and every McQueen employee to help embroider sketches—which were created by Central Saint Martins MA students during a life drawing class—onto this tulle gown worn by Stella Tennant.   Why it matters now: In her show notes, Sarah said, “I love the idea of people having the time to make things together, the time to meet and talk together, the time to reconnect with the world.” Her craftivist vision for communities of women coming together to create is such a powerful metaphor for modern times.  For the love of fashion: Grace Wales Bonner started as a menswear designer, and it shows. Her clever borrowed-from-the-boys tailoring including tuxedo-track pants and tuxedo shirt makes elegant and understated pieces covetable.  The standout look: This perfectly proportioned tuxedo jacket layered over the painterly red floral shirting packs a graphic punch.  Why it matters now: In the past year Grace has collaborated with everyone from Solange to Dior—not to mention designing the sharp coatdress Meghan wore for her first official portrait with Archie—and her success is blazing a trail for new voices in fashion. For the love of fashion: Pierpaolo makes clothes that dreams are made of. Elegant yet wearable couture-like shapes in white cotton poplin for summer? Yes please!                                          The standout look: The perfect crisp white shirtdress worn with flat rope sandals and gold jewels is effortless chic personified.  Why it matters now: Over the past few seasons Pierpaolo has changed the very form of eveningwear from something sexy and sparkly to colorful, voluminous silhouettes that are a joy to wear. Now he’s giving us these gorgeous shapes for everyday. For the love of fashion:  The parade of dramatic finale looks in their voluminous splendor was a fashion-goosebump moment.   The standout look: All of the dramatic finale couture-like looks— I can’t pick just one! Ball gowns over bell shaped crinolines were a statement maker.  Why it matters now: Demna has a real knack for engaging with heritage and making it feel utterly modern. Balenciaga’s founder Cristóbal was known as The Master of haute couture and these elegant ball gowns wouldn’t look out of place in his mid-century atelier. But remove the crinoline, and the skirt falls into an A-line that’s something else entirely. For the love of fashion: Combining sharp tailoring with crochet, macramé, and hand knotted leather made for a special and intricately detailed collection—and was Gabi’s most artisanal to date.  The standout look: Reducing our carbon footprint is elegant and important! This look is made of excess silk twill fabrics from past seasons.  Why it matters now: Hearst’s show was the first ever entirely carbon neutral fashion show, she is helping pave the path to the future of fashion. For the love of fashion: All of Stella’s hallmarks are there in spades: the Saville Row tailoring, easy silk summer dresses, trench coats, and denim.  The standout look: Stella’s clothes always feel personal, and in this case personal photos of flowers taken on her bike rides throughout the English countryside were printed on a dress.  Why it matters now: Stella is the trailblazer of sustainable practices and this collection is her most eco-friendly yet with over 75% of the ready to wear made from sustainable materials. Stepping into her new role as LVMH’s sustainability advisor, she issued a call to action “We challenge the fashion industry every day to be better, questioning things as they are and driving change,” the show notes read, “I invite you all to join me in this fight, feeling encouraged and hopeful, fearless—because we can build a better future together.”  For the love of fashion: Kerby brought 3,000 people to a historic movie palace in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Flatbush where he grew up for a megawatt show backed by a Gospel choir.  The standout look: This beautifully draped golden beauty is destined for an Oscars moment.  Why it matters now: By inviting the industry to come home with him, Kirby created a powerful symbol of the need to build bridges and advocate for greater diversity in the fashion community. For the love of fashion: Inspired by Christian Dior’s sister’s love of gardening, the collection was flowers galore-embroidery, drawings, etc.   The standout look: This beautifully elaborate floral embroidered tulle gown is like walking in a garden.  Why it matters: Maria Grazia proved she too has a green thumb by partnering with Coloco, an urban landscape collective, to create a garden of 164 trees for the show set which were replanted in urban garden projects around Paris following the show. It’s exciting to see global luxury brands moving towards sustainability. For the love of fashion: Artisanal craftmanship is at the heart of Jonathan’s collection’s for Loewe and each look is like a work of art.  The standout look: This satin-trimmed lace dress tied to perfection with a satin bow belt is a dreamlike creation.  Why it matters: Loewe elevates craft and artistry. For the love of fashion: Hedi has a knack for elevating the simple to cult status. We are all going to be running to buy his bootcut jeans, quilted jackets, paisley dresses, and bowtie blouses.  The standout look: A jewel encrusted suede jacket, chiffon paisley blouse, and gold tassel necklace paired back to the casual button front denim skirt and camel suede boot is a lesson in preppy chic.  Why it matters now: There’s a certain timelessness in Hedi’s designs—see the Official Preppy Handbook, published in 1982—and these wardrobe staples are the perfect antidote to overconsumption. For the love of fashion: When Dries realized his moodboard was covered in examples of eighties and nineties maximalism, he decided to go right to the source and  brought Christian Lacroix came out retirement to collaborate.  The standout look: Maximalism at its best: color, volume, bows, print, tapestry. In a word, LOVE!  Why it matters now: In a brilliant move, two great talents and contemporaries collaborated to create something exceptional.  The show was a beautiful celebration of fashion as community.  For the love of fashion: Miuccia draws inspiration from many decades—the 70s, 50s, 90s in this go-around–to create pieces we all covet: the simple black dress, the summer sweater, tailored jackets, and shell necklaces.  The standout look: Miuccia is like an aesthetic DJ and this look—a body skimming '90s silhouette in chevron green velvet is paired with granny glasses, and a brown basket tote, and black and white woven sandals—is the perfect remix.  Why it matters now: In her show notes, Miuccia described the show as “fundamentally, a collection about the power of woman over clothing, and of style over fashion.” It’s refreshing to see a powerful female designer champion personal expression. For the love of fashion: Sparkle, shine, feathers, flowers, and fun! Marc Jacobs gave us a modern and whimsical take on flower child dressing.   The standout look: Psychedelic floral print on top of a ruffled chiffon gown? This is a look to stand out in, if ever I saw one.  Why it matters now: The 61 models emerged en masse, dancing, smiling, and waving their way across the Park Avenue Armory. Then Marc himself dashed past to close the show in a towering pair of fire-engine red platform boots—reminding us all that fashion can and should be fun!
 It's confusing, but Versace isn't over. You're probably not totally clear on this whole "Michael Kors now owns Versace" thing. Yes, the most successful all-American brand in the current market is now the proud owner of one of the most preeminent names in Italian fashion. It's mind-bending, truly. But Versace is still Versace. Let me explain. After rumors of the acquisition, Michael Kors Holdings officially confirmed its purchase of Versace for $2.12 billion. In its acquisition of the brand, Michael Kors Holdings will now officially be named Capri Holdings. As BAZAAR.com reported earlier today, "The Versace family will become shareholders of Capri Holdings Limited, with Donatella keeping her role as creative director of the fashion house. Capri Holdings, formerly Michael Kors Holdings, now has three major fashion houses under its portfolio: Michael Kors Collection, Jimmy Choo, and Versace." Michael Kors Holdings acquired Jimmy Choo last year, setting itself apart from other fashion conglomerates that tend to grow in scale and revenue strictly via licenses, diffusion lines, and the acquisition of more mass-market labels. John D. Idol, CEO of Michael Kors Holdings Limited, said in a release: "The acquisition of Versace is an important milestone for our group...We believe that the strength of the Michael Kors and Jimmy Choo brands, and the acquisition of Versace, position us to deliver multiple years of revenue and earnings growth."  Here's where the confusion lies. Fans of the iconic Italian brand, which became beloved stateside when Gianni Versace moved into the Versace Mansion and changed the face of American style in the late '80s and '90s, are terrified of what's to come due to Kors' influence on the brand. Michael Kors is known for easy, breezy, American style–not the sexy, risk-taking, ultra-luxe Italian allure upon which Versace is based. Furthermore, Kors' success is based upon his licensing and diffusion brands, like Michael Michael Kors, as well as his fragrance, timepieces, and accessories partnerships. It seems fans are worried this kind of market saturation could be next for Versace, which currenly only has one sister line, Versus Versace, to its name. imagine seeing Versace in Marshalls or Ross lol i would throw up But similar to Jimmy Choo's agreement with Kors Holdings, Donatella Versace will continue to remain at the helm of her namesake brand, leading the brand's creative vision. Said Versace of the news, "This is a very exciting moment for Versace. It has been more than 20 years since I took over the company along with my brother Santo and daughter Allegra.  I am proud that Versace remains very strong in both fashion and modern culture. Versace is not only synonymous with its iconic and unmistakable style, but with being inclusive and embracing of diversity, as well as empowering people to express themselves. Santo, Allegra and I recognize that this next step will allow Versace to reach its full potential." Understandably, this means that scaling the Versace name into new avenues of revenue is a possibility–but that likely won't include mass-retailers in the way Kors has expanded his ever-growing empire—at least not immediately. It seems that Kors, now Capri Holdings Limited, is eager to expand predominantly into the luxury space, and much will be revealed when details of the acquisition are finalized and released. While Donatella's loyal fanbase might not be as welcome to change, she certainly seems to be excited for what the future may bring under Idol and the Capri's collaboration and leadership. "We believe that being part of this group is essential to Versace’s long-term success," Donatella said. "My passion has never been stronger. This is the perfect time for our company, which puts creativity and innovation at the core of all of its actions, to grow.”
 See who's wearing them, then shop the best styles. Though dainty gold chains have been decorating the décolletage for seasons, fashion is taking the look up a notched link. From designer chains to Cuban links, these on-trend pieces are actually a return to a classic. See who's wearing them well, and shop pieces that range from investment to approachable. Embrace the subtle, sultry appeal of understated '80s glamour—yes, there is such a thing—with a plunging top and cinched trousers, all done up in a restrained palette. Pair with a simple gold chain, of course. We love the bold closure on this statement curb chain, made from recycled gold.  Give your workwear that gilded nod with a chain-link necklace, while keeping the rest of your look super simple. This simple link is easy enough to wear every day. Bottega Veneta's runways have been so killer, they've spawned fan accounts. This necklace was clearly a standout.  A true hero of the season, this brass piece will become an instant classic. A statement gold necklace can easily dress up pared-down separates like a white tank and high-waist denim.  We see this brass necklace classing up a white tee or accessorizing the go-to LBD you're wearing to that 8th wedding this season.  Double down and wear both the necklace and the anklet, and consider it a chain reaction. An adjustable length on this gold plated brass piece means you can go from choker to clavicle grazer in no time. A bold chain link looks especially cool worn with other, smaller gold necklaces. No need to ditch the dainty, just repurpose it.  This heavy metal link will make for the perfect counterpart to smaller, longer chains. Paco Rabanne necklace, $490, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW The ideal smaller, gold filled, chain to wear with all your new statement pieces.  While many Insta-girls have made the case for gold chains with  white tees or tanks, take note from Evangelie and dress up your bikini too. This trend has no limits. Consider this your swim necklace. Well, one of them, anyway.  Prada necklace, $670, matchesfashion.com. SHOP IT
 We see you, Barney. By all accounts, it's been a rough year to be an American—especially an American woman. It's all sorts of chaotic out there in ways I don't need to enumerate here—but for the sake of argument, here are some buzz words for you: Trump, wild fires, Weinstein, hurricanes, Roy Moore, net neutrality (or lack thereof), the death of the middle class, et al. And now, to top it all off, Pantone has deemed ultra violet the official hue of 2018. It's a color that calls to mind very annoying dinosaurs, shades of certain cruciferous vegetables, and even the late Prince. But it's not exactly an ideal shade for a grown woman to weave into her wardrobe—unless of course you are one of those sassy octogenarians who favor purple hats. Leatrice Eiseman, executive director of the Pantone Color Institute told the New York Times, “We wanted to pick something that brings hope and an uplifting message.” I see the traffic numbers for Harper's BAZAAR.com, I know that Americans are obsessed with the British Monarchy right now—who wouldn't take Kate and Meghan over Melania and Ivanka?—but that doesn't necessarily mean that the color of royalty should reign.  Lest I overstep my bounds, if the final shade on the spectrum is of current interest, may we recommend a flattering hue of lavender as an alternative. Designers from Tom Ford to Michael Kors championed this pretty pastel for Spring 2018—it's both subtle and not as terrifying as ultra violet. We need something to look forward to, after all—other than more taxes.  
 It's a digital jungle out there and no one navigates it better than Harper's BAZAAR editors.   We think of animal print as a neutral and so should you—introducing our exclusive collaboration with PopSockets, the brand creating the ultimate tool for the technological age. Ranging from timeless leopard to bold zebra, our premium PopGrip designs are interchangeable and make on-the-go infinitely easier (and chicer) when answering emails, capturing beautiful moments (and selfies), and make the perfect stand for when you want to binge-watch your favorite shows. ShopBAZAAR ShopBAZAAR ShopBAZAAR ShopBAZAAR  The PopGrip makes taking selfies a cinch and the leopard adds a little more personality to my phone.  Get The Look  I gravitate toward neutrals, but love playing with textures. My design was inspired by stamped croc—simple and sophisticated.  Get The Look  I've always loved a zebra print—it's nature's boldest minimalist and effortlessly adds that something extra.  Get The Look 
  Python is a classic and this season it feels like something we all need a touch of in our wardrobe.  Get The Look 
 There's lots of new faces! It's that time of year again! Hundreds of top models around the world have gone through the casting process for the annual Victoria Secret Fashion Show—but only a few have come out with angel wings. Of course everyone's favorite official VS Angels will be there with wings on: Adriana Lima, Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk, Sara Sampaio, Lais Riberio, Josephine Skiver, Stella Maxwell, Jasmine Tookes, Taylor Hill, Romee Strijd and Martha Hunt. Lily Aldridge being the only exception as she is expecting her second child. This year the lingerie giant added about 18 new faces to the lineup, some girls who took a hiatus for a few years are making a comeback— and expect to see regulars like Devon Windsor, Kelly Gale, Georgia Fowler, Leomie Anderson. Below, see every model walking the VS Fashion Show.  The top catwalker will return to the New York runway after a year off.  After skipping a year, the eldest Hadid will be back on the runway in New York.  The top model will return for her third VS show alongside her sister Gigi.  The British model will finally get to walk the runway with her VS Angel bestie Sara Sampaio.  The Australian model has taken the fashion world by storm since she stepped on the scene in 2016, landing campaigns for Oscar de la Renta, Balmain and more.  The British model has challenged the industry's standards of beauty and has become one of the top names despite her vitiligo.  The British model has worked with brands like Primark, Ulta Beauty, New Look and will not conquer the lingerie giant.  You may recognize her from American Eagle, Dior Makeup or her very own Youtube channel.  The Victoria Secret models represent a wide range of nationalities, but Merritt will be the first Philippine model.  The Dutch model is quickly on her way to becoming a supermodel, she's walked every major runway from New York to Paris.  A former pageant queen who just recently graduated from college with a degree in International affairs.  This german model is set to be one of the 18 VS rookies this year.  Palvin, born in Hungary, has been in the industry for almost a decade and she's only 24 years old. From Armani fragrances to L'Oreal cosmetics, she is a veritable blue-chip campaign girl.  From Guess ads to couture runways for Ralph & Russo and Elie Saab, the Brit model has proven she's got the range.  At 16 Hand opened a Prada show, now at 19 she will walk the coveted Victoria Secret Fashion Show.  Fourth time's a charm for the French-born, New York City resident.  If you're a baseball fan, Canseco might sound familiar to you—she's the daughter of MLB icon Jose Canseco.  Cotton will be the second New Zealander to walk the VS show, right after Georgia Fowler.  The Brazilian bombshell has worked for brands from New York to Paris, and will walk the show for her second year in a row.  After a two-year haitus, Shaik will finally make her return to the VS runway.  The L'oreal brand ambassador will make her sophomore debut at the lingerie extravaganza.  The blonde beauty hails from Austria and has walked for brands like Max Mara, Roland Mouret and Phillip Plein—not to mention she's featured on the new E! reality show Model Squad.  This top model was discovered through IMG's instagram campaign #ILikeYourGenes, she's gone on to walk top runways from New York to Paris and will walk in her third VS Fashion Show this year.  Lucky number 7! The Brazilian model will walk in her seventh VS Fashion Show this year.  The Norweigian beauty has been hitting the runways since 2011, this year will be her second year of the VSFS catwalk.  The New Zealand beauty has been a fan favorite in and out of her lingerie. She's walked for brands like Off-White to Adam Selman and Miu Miu.  The Chinese model's resume is rather impressive: Ralph Lauren, Dior, Chanel, Dolce & Gabbana and much much more.  Devon Windsor got her big break as a Prada exclusive during the Spring 2014 show—since then she's walked for every top designer—now she's getting her sixth shot at Angel wings.  Try to keep up, Gale is Australian and Indian, but grew up in Sweden, and has not only walked four times for Victoria's Secret but has also been featured in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition and Playboy.  The half Congolese, half Italian model is a Victoria Secret mainstay—2018 show will make her sixth turn down the catwalk.  She's been a CK One girl since 2014, now the blonde will get her third chance to rock the Victoria Secret Pink section.  The newly engaged supermodel, former contract VS Angel, and coder, will indeed join the gang once again.  The VS Pink ambassador hails from Florida, and will get her third chance on the sparkly runway.  The British catwalker isn't just a pretty face— she runs her own content site (complete with merch) and will walk her fourth VS show this year.  The Chinese model got her big break last year walking in the Shanghai show.  From editorials in Harper's Bazaar to the runways of Brandon Maxwell and Off-White, Paul is ranked as one of Models.com's "money girls."  This new face bursted onto the scene as a Miu Miu exlusive for the Spring 2017 season—and it's been all uphill from there.  The American model has a presence at all the top shows during fashion week from New York to Paris, now she'll walk her third VSFS.  This Victoria Secret rookie is have a great season, kicking off her first NYFW show run with her VSFS confirmation, and following it up with castings at Brandon Maxwell, Rodarte and Oscar de la Renta.  The VS veteran got her big break back in 2010 as a Givenchy exclusive, she's conquered the runways from New York to Paris and will strut her stuff at the Victoria Secret Fashion Show again.  The VS Pink ambassador and newest face of Estee Lauder will be back for another run.  The new face is steadily climbing the ranks in the fashion world with shows like Jacquemus, Comme des Garcons and Roksanda under her belt.  The Dutch model has walked in over 200 shows since her debut in 2013. This year she will hit the VS Fashion Show for the fourth year in a row.  She's walked over 100 shows since her debut for Spring/Summer 2017. The South Sudanese beauty remains a mainstay of the fashion world and will also conquer the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show for the second year in a row.  The Nigerian stunner was casted in last year's show but after her visa was denied by Chinese government, she was unable to walk in the Shanghai extravaganza. Thankfully, she's got another shot.  The supermodel has walked in three VS fashion shows, but her last appearance was in 2013. The catwalk veteran will make her return this year. 
 From Chloé and Fendi, to Stella McCartney and Little Marc Jacobs. Wedding season is upon us once again, and while the festivities and celebrations usually make for great memories, they often come at a cost to parents. It's just something of a bummer to spend a lot of money on special-occasion clothing for kids, knowing that they'll probably outgrow whatever you bought for them by the time the next wedding rolls around. Enter Rent the Runway, ready to help. Starting April 15, the popular clothing-rental company will expand to include a children's line. That means no more shelling out for expensive flower-girl dresses they'll only use once. Instead, you can rent a frock from a high-end designer that you'd never dream of purchasing because of how little financial sense it would make. And then, at the end of the weekend, you can just send it back for the next kid to wear, eliminating the guilt that comes with a beautiful (and pricey) garment gathering dust in the back of a closet.  The service will initially offer only girls' clothes in sizes 3Y to 12Y. The launch also comes with a pretty heavy-hitting lineup of 13 designers: Chloé, Fendi, Stella McCartney, Little Marc Jacobs, Marni, Philosophy, Milly Minis, LoveShackFancy Kids, and more.  The kids' clothing rentals will come as an extension of their current monthly subscription services: Reserve (four- to eight-day rentals) and Unlimited (a monthly subscription service). Members can start adding kids' clothes to their order, so if you have a big event coming up, you can coordinate with your little one and rent everything in one go. And, with dresses this cute, why wouldn't you? 
  
From: Good Housekeeping US

 Keeping time never looked so good... Whether you're adding another watch to your collection or making this the season you invest in a timeless piece, the market is practically glistening with options. Here, favorites from brands we love that answer whatever you're searching for, be it diamonds and sparkle or chic practicality.  The bold shade of this piece makes it a perfect statement when worn with more staid looks.  Baume & Mercier Petite Promesse, $2,450 SHOP We’ll wait while you swoon... Cartier Mini Baignoire Panther Spots, $24,700 SHOP Simple, elegant and forever is the ideal watch trifecta. Jaeger-LeCoultre Reverso Classic Small Duetto, $16,700 SHOP Route for the gold and green... Rolex Datejust 31 SHOP Keep the phases of the moon in mind... Montblanc Heritage Spirit Moonphase SHOP This sophisticated find will have compliments rolling in... Fossil Neely, $145 SHOP Cause sometimes a girl needs some gold... Seiko Coutura, $425 SHOP Wear your Tiffany love on your wrist... Tiffany & Co. East West Mini, $3,500 SHOP A little borrowed from the boys flair... Raymond Weil Freelancer, $1,150 SHOP A perfect wear-with-anything time saver... Timex Weekender, $57 SHOP
 Tyler Joe shoots the chicest on the streets during the Spring 2020 runways... Street style has been both lauded and derided. But the simple truth is just this: all of the people who work in the fashion industry, who blog about the fashion industry, write about it for magazines and websites, wear it for Instagram photos in order to influence people, are all in one place only a few times a year. Tyler Joe is on the scene to capture all the chic those people are wearing to the shows.  We are always here for a dress over trousers situation. A Nanushka jumpsuit and fedora feel like an urban safari. Tiffany Hsu in Peter Do and a killer necklace. Leandra Medine keeps it streamlined. A Bottega Veneta statement belt grounds this cool look. Kate Lewis is back to black. This chic take on denim is almost season-less. Chloe King isn't afraid to play with volume. A navy skirt suit never looked so cool. Jessica Minkoff embraces neon Balenciaga. Jessica Joffe brings a school girl vibe to polkadots. Amanda Alagem wears The Row perfectly. This Peter Do suit is perfection on anyone who dons it. Kate Lanphear and Julia Gall prove black and white is best. The LBD rethought.  A little pink goes a long way. A little bag is  a great punctuation to easy looks. It's all about the extras like a statement bag and oversized glasses. Gold chains are always a good idea. Alyssa Coscarelli punctuates her floral dress with a puffy clutch. Chioma Nnadi mixes prints like a pro. A headscarf is an unexpected flourish. Aleali doubles down on tie dye. A Valentino belt for the win. Linda Tol wears the oversized pants. The couple that coordinates together—looks great in street style images. Liv Perez pairs a great white button-down with studded jeans. Consider this "English schoolboy" chic. Monochromatic baby blue feels right on time. Christine Centenera goes double denim in a mini skirt. Kerry Pieri wears Nanushka pants and button down with a Bottega Veneta belt. Ricky Thompson takes shearling year-round. It's like camo and tie-dye had a chic baby. Stripes for the win. Erin Off Duty brings the tan looks. Joanna Hillman in Khaite. Xenia Adonts rocks a super sized belt and leopard pants. Do you have your tans and white sorted for the season yet? Go bold, whether in pink or tiger print. This model always finds the best hats. Amanda Alagem wears Carolina Herrera like a pro. Tiffany Hsu is mad for plaid. Kerry Pieri wears a vintage Chanel blazer and Alexandre Vaulthier pants with Neil J Rogers boots. Nina Garcia is still summer ready in yellow and white. Chrissy Rutherford kills it in a Silvia Tcherassi dress and white Anine Bing boots. Eva Chen wears a vegan leather vest and pants pairing. A chain bag is always a good idea. Joyann King is back to black and Chanel shearling. Giovanna Battaglia wears a Khaite red dress. A chic trio with their own personal takes on style. Ryan Norville (far right) wears an Alfeya Valrina bag and Westward Leaning sunglasses. Pink tulle is a statement we can get behind. Cowboy boots for the win. This is a deft take on layering. Big shoulders, no problem. A sweater at the waist is a great way to handle transitional weather. This simple look packs a punch. We've never wanted plaid pants more. Susie Bubble has managed to blend in... Christine Centenera wears her own design jacket and Bottega Veneta heels. Kerry Pieri wears a Bevza suit. It's monochromatic yellow for Vanessa Hong. Bermuda shorts, especially in leather, are having a moment. Pair with gold Chanel boots, because, why not? Green plaid and a belt bag make a great pair. Tiffany Hsu wears a Tibi denim jacket. Caroline Daur is cool in a shorts suit and bra top. Rhode dresses are not just for the beach. Devon Windsor is denim on denim ready. The Prescod sisters embrace a bit of prep. We love everything happening here. Patricia Manfield wears a Dior bucket hat with all-white. A pink trench is perfect for fall. The bucket hat and waist bag continue to be key trends. Tiffany Hsu wears a Mansur Gavriel clutch right from the show. Did someone say bucket hats? Alyssa Coscarelli is mellow in a two-piece yellow look. Tamu McPherson brings Milano cool to NYC. It's all about the details. Gabby Prescod pairs Jacquemus shorts with a white button down and waist bag. When in doubt, put it in neutral. It's a print moment in Self-Portrait on Leonie. Aemilia Fay wears Peter Do trousers and an orange top. A Wandler bag and Khaite dress are just a few of the fabulous things in this pic. Accessories, always. Mecca James-Williams melds preppy colors for a cool take with an Alfeya Valrina bag. Charlotte Groeneveld wears the plaid suit. A great belt creates chic shapes. It's a mommy and me moment in Ulla Johnson. A white Jacquemus dress is a staple. Kate Davidson wears Khaite separates. Sofia Sanchez de Batek gets in on the tie-dye trend. Lisa Aiken is cool in '70s hues. Polkadots, but make it cool. Elizabeth von der Goltz pairs her classic white suit with stripes. Two plaids are better than one. Sleeveless knits are having a moment. This layering is epic. Bustiers or bust. Ricky Thompson wears stellar sunnies and a jacket to match. Nikki Ogunnaike in Prada. Kerry Pieri wears a vintage Chanel jacket and Hunting Season bag. Eva Chen rocks a Vika Gazinskaya blazer. Aurora James is pretty in pink.
 This is such a different look for Goldie Hawn's daughter. Kate Hudson has undergone quite the style transformation for her latest movie role. Stepping out in New York on Friday night, Hudson not only showed off her shaved head, she also wore a very revealing jumpsuit. As People previously reported, Hudson shaved off her trademark blonde hair for an upcoming role in a movie called Sister. Written and directed by pop superstar Sia, the film co-stars Maddy Ziegler. Hudson wore the cut-out jumpsuit on a date with her boyfriend Danny Fujikawa, while attending an event for her new movie, Marshall. She finished the outfit with a leopard print clutch, and a bright red, sleeveless coat. 
From: ELLE US

 Ring in 2018 with the perfect NYE look.  Have a closet full of clothes but nothing to wear for New Years Eve? Enter Armibot, the new digital personal styling service from fashion rental site Armarium, which offers access to Armarium’s Style Brigade network of celebrity and editorial stylists available to curate a look for your next event from the comfort of your couch. The style bot on Armarium’s homepage will take you through a visual questionnaire about fit, brand and style preferences, and where you’re going (black tie gala, jet set getaway). Select dream looks you like—whether that’s Tilda Swinton in a tailored pantsuit or Elle Fanning in a Miu Miu pinafore—and for small a fraction of a typical stylist’s fee, you’ll receive a custom lookbook emailed within 72 hours with three dress rental options plus with suggested shoes, bags, and more to buy from partner sites like Net-a-Porter. (Need it faster? Armarium’s in-house stylists are also available with a 24 hour turnaround, gratis.) If you’re headed to Tulum for to ring in 2018 and normally not into boho dressing, it could be a good way to break out of your shell. This year in my case, two friend weddings in two different cities and 24 hours apart on the 30th and 31st presents a particular dressing challenge. For a church wedding in Indiana, my stylist proposed a Christopher Kane velvet cold shoulder dress with and Oscar de la Renta jacket to wear for the ceremony and take off for dancing and for black tie in Austin, a Jason Wu devore silk chiffon slip gown or a Rochas sequin fringe dress—it is New Years after all! To better assist me for my next event, the bot will keep track of my preferences, whatever I heart.
 This year's impressive line-up includes 55 models representing 17 countries. Excitement about this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is in full swing, especially now that the models have arrived in Shanghai. After months of speculation, and the sad news that Gigi Hadid is no longer taking part, the final line-up of Victoria's Secret models is here. Along with news that Harry Styles and Miguel will perform, it's been announced that 55 models will take the runway, which is the most the fashion show has ever seen. According to People, Ed Razek, who executive produces the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, said, "This will, without question, be the biggest fashion event in history and our most ambitious show by far... We have more models than ever before–55 representing 17 countries, and four world-class entertainers." If you weren't already excited, you will be now: Without further ado, the models walking in this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show are: Martha Hunt, Adriana Lima, Stella Maxwell, Elsa Hosk, Taylor Hill, Alessandra Ambrosio, Lily Aldridge, Lais Ribeiro, Sara Sampaio, Josephine Skriver, Romee Strijd, Candice Swanepoel, Jasmine Tookes, Karlie Kloss, Bella Hadid, Jourdana Elizabeth, Lameka Fox, Devon Windsor, Sui He, Samille Bermannelli, Ju Wen, Kelly Gale, Liu Wen, Shu Pei, Ming Xi, Cindy Bruna, Dilone, Frida Aasen, Leila Nda, Victoria Lee, Vanessa Moody, Grace Elizabeth, Maggie Laine, Nadine Leopold, Leomie Anderson, Maria Borges, Daniela Braga, Bruna Lirio, Gizele Oliveira, Aiden Curtis, Alexina Graham, Zuri Tibby, Estelle Chen, Sanne Vloet, Mayowa Nicholas, Amilna Estevao, Alanna Arrington, Barbara Fialho, Megan Williams, Roosmarijn de Kok, Daria Khlystun, Alecia Morais, Georgia Fowler, Blanca Padilla, and Herieth Paul. The models have already been expressing their excitement about the show on social media: Sara’s post on Instagram pic.twitter.com/1rHfzVQs4M Sara with fellow Angels at the #VSFS2017 photocall (via alessandraambrosio on Instagram) pic.twitter.com/qlHoNnE6Bs Close-Ups: The Victoria's Secret Photocall in Shanghai! #VSFS2017 pic.twitter.com/YirnV2Ekvd The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show takes place on November 28, 2017.
 From angel wings and sparkly bras to the best looks of the season, see some of the top faces from the 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show as they appeared in the pages of Harper's Bazaar. From angel wings and sparkly bras to the best looks of the season, see some of the top faces from the 2015 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show as they appeared in the pages of Harper's Bazaar. June/July 2018 May 2017 March 2018 November 2018 June/July 2017 September 2017 September 2017 May 2017 December 2014/January 2015 August 2016 November 2013 September 2017 August 2017 October 2016 September 2017 April 2018  October 2017 August 2016 February 2012 March 2013 March 2012 April 2011 May 2015 September 2014 November 2015 March 2011 April 2013 November 2010 December 2012 February 2014
 We've hand selected some of our favorites to inspire your next online shopping spree. From thigh-highs to glitter-covered, all-encrusted to stark white and loads of red, velvet and themes like combat and western-inspired options in between, this season's boots were probably the best we've seen in ages. We can't stop filling our carts with the best of Fall/Winter 2017's boot trends. Here, some of our favorites of the season well worth investing in. Thigh-high sock boots, $1,350 SHOP "Niki" crystal-embellished boots, $10,000 SHOP Cutout combat boot, $1,390 SHOP Metallic textured-leather ankle boots, $915 SHOP Combat boot, $875 SHOP Eyelet-embellished ankle boots, $1,120 SHOP Velvet ankle boots, $835 SHOP "Lostynn" slouch thigh-high boots, $1,690 SHOP "Alexis" satin boot in peach, $650 SHOP "Pascalarehi" boots in burgundy velvet, $1,495 SHOP Sock ankle boots in red, $1,390 SHOP "Follie" boots, $1,150 SHOP "For Walking" leather ankle boots, $1,190 SHOP Swarovski crystal and leather ankle boots, $1,725 SHOP
 What to wear over, under, and open. The fall 2017 runways revealed trends that can be worn as a full look or mixed with pieces already in your closet. It's the latter that most often makes the most sense in real life: Whether it's a reserved, professional office that requires something more under-the-radar or a desire to frame a designer piece in a new light, find 10 key trends and layering suggestions below. Rethink a printed floral shirt dress: Wear it open as a duster over a body-con LBD. Equipment Silk Maxi Dress, $490, and Joseph Crepe Dress, $475, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP Add a hint of the season's boldest metallic by topping a single piece with a sharp blazer. Frame Wool Blazer, $595, and Maje One-Shoulder Top, $325, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP Reveal half of a fiery red dress with a sleeveless oatmeal-hued tank on top. Solace London Arielle Dress, $565, and Jil Sander Oversized Sweater, $1,210, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP Play with opposites by pairing masculine buffalo plaid with a gauzy white dress. Isabel Marant Étoile Gino Coat, $530, and Temperley London Lace Dress, $955, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP Wear a sharply tailored dress as a skirt by layering a boxy, soft sweater on top. Joseph Wool Turtleneck Poncho, $475, and Victoria Beckham Dress, $2,105, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP Texture on texture: Style a feather-trimmed pullover on top of a silky slip dress. Simone Rocha Sweater, $528, and Vince Satin Midi Dress, $295, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP Embrace fall's leather fixation with a cropped pant. It's perfect for showing off a pair of ankle boots from a buzzed-about brand. Frame Leather Culottes, $900, and Off-White Ankle Boots, $1,190, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP A slinky slip dress is season- and work-appropriate (and feels fresh) when worn under a gathered blouse. Sid Neigum Top, $190, and Jonathan Simkhai Dress, $795, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP A strong pair of jeans meets its match in an oversized, graphic blouse. Bassike Shirt, $380, and Maggie Marilyn Dreamer Jeans, $365, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP A warm puffer coat works with anything, but the most interesting way to layer is all about pairing opposites. Diane von Furstenberg Silk Maxi Dress, $500, and Moncler Quilted Down Coat, $1,090, net-a-porter.com. SHOP / SHOP 
 From Burberry to By Far, Chanel to Cesta Collective—and every Jacquemus in between... Spring is in the bag—quite literally. There's no faster way to update your go-to white dresses, trenches, and denim than a raffia tote, mini bag, or waist bag. See what's what in the world of bags for the season, from Prada to Poolside, ByFar to Burberry. Riccardo Tisci's first handbag style for the house is classic, feminine, but still structured and cool. A wearable It item at its best. The belt bag is going strong—might as well go with the king of all of them.  CHANEL Waist Bag, $2,900, available at select CHANEL Boutiques nationwide. For more information, please call (800) 550 0005.  This not-so-classic raffia tote isn't for weekend only—wear it with jeans and tanks for a seaside take on city life.  All of your best little black, white, and tan spring dresses can benefit from a dose of yellow and tortoise. While some bags seem to be shrinking, this slouchy shoulder bag has room to spare and a welcome '70s vibe. We're loving snake-effect everything and this little pochette is too charming to miss. This buckle-detailed bag is a little equestrian and very cool. We also love how it will look great all year long. Altuzarra ‘PLAY’ bag, $2,195, altuzarra.com The saddle bag came back with a splash—so now it's time to start collecting. Dior Oblique saddle bag, $2,950, available at select boutiques nationwide and Dior.com This leather and raffia take on one of our favorite styled—by Loewe—feels perfect for spring and summer. We're seeing it with trench coats and white suits. This simple design packs a major punch in cherry red. A tiny top handle makes it perfect for a party. The brand's signature chainmail done up in ultra-luxe gold is ideal for evening and makes for a surprisingly chic day bag, too.  This ladylike top handle bag is a more pared down moment from Gucci and, thanks to its timeless design, is meant to last a lifetime.  This woven number is playful, but elegant—as appropriate for the Italian seaside as brunch anywhere cute. This small canvas bag is a modern take on the work bag, it makes an impact but is still exceedingly wearable.  In the immortal words of one Carrie Bradshaw, "it's not a bag, it's a baguette." Celebrate the return of this early aughts mainstay with something pink and gold. Fendi baguette, $3,190, fendi.com. This little takeout container of a structured bag has an interior mirror and sass to spare.  When one basket bag isn't enough—start having fun with shapes and sizes, like this striped circular moment. Mini bags are just the sort of luxe piece that says, all I need is a credit card, my phone, a lipstick—and some unassuming style.  One of the breakout bags of fashion month—this ultra-luxe Chloe bag is just as good on the 'gram as it is in real life. Weave your fingers into the handle on this baby and get all your bijoux and bag in one for the night.  
 New wardrobe essentials that won't break the bank. Giving your wardrobe a fresh upgrade each season can seem like a daunting and pricey task—but it doesn't have to be. As we inch closer and closer towards spring, update your look with a few key transitional pieces that won't break the bank. From a bold floral dress to bright white mules, click through to shop this month's best affordable buys—all for under $100.  Give your wardrobe the smallest, but most impactful, of upgrades in the form of statement-making hoop earrings, like this acrylic and gold pair from BaubleBar's latest collection.  BaubleBar earrings, $34, baublebar.com. SHOP Welcome a new pair of blue jeans into your closet—a high-rise cropped flare makes for the perfect opportunity to show off new sandals.  Simon Miller cropped jeans, $83, farfetch.com. SHOP Groundbreaking? Maybe not, but what better way to usher in spring than with a bright floral dress?  Topshop dress, $95, topshop.com. SHOP Brighten up your shoe game with a pair of striking white mules or booties sure to pair perfectly with any look.  Nine West mules, $89, ninewest.com. SHOP The checked blazer is here to stay—but make it feel new this spring by cinching the waist with a black leather belt.  H&M; blazer, $60, hm.com. SHOP Lovers + Friends belt, $88, revolve.com. SHOP Give your go-to bag a break and instead, swap in a small, colorful style that will instantly transition your look into spring.  Studio 33 bag, $95, shopbop.com. SHOP Say goodbye to your puffer coat and hello to a lightweight jacket. Try a bold color, like this red belted one from H&M.;  H&M; jacket, $60, hm.com. SHOP A high-waisted, tapered pair of wide-leg pants can go a long way as you bring your wardrobe from winter to spring.  Lush pants, $33, nordstrom.com. SHOP Try a smaller framed pair of sunnies, like a bright red cat-eye that pays nod to both the '90s and Lolita.  Topshop sunglasses, $35, topshop.com. SHOP You can never go wrong in a simple white button-down shirt. Madewell's front-tie version is ideal for styling with your spring skirts or pants.  Madewell shirt, $75, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 "It was no doubt one of the hardest moments I have ever had to go through in my career." Victoria's Secret model Ming Xi became an unexpected focal point of the fashion show in Shanghai when she tripped and fell on the runway during the official taping yesterday. Despite the unexpected tumble, she kept a smile on her face and the crowd cheered her on. Her fellow model Gizele Oliveira helped her up to her feet, and she finished her walk like a pro.  Xi, who's walked for Victoria's Secret since 2013, responded to her runway blunder in an Instagram post late last night. Though she kept a smile on through the show, the model divulged in how hard the fall was for her, especially in her native city of Shanghai.  "It was no doubt one of the hardest moments I have ever had to go through in my career, especially since the show was taking place in my hometown, in front of my mother's and my people's eyes," she wrote. "However, the support I received from everyone yesterday was incredible and I am truly grateful to everyone who was there for me."  She especially acknowledged Oliveira for her help on the catwalk. "Thank you for helping me up after the fall, it was a very selfless and loving act from you," the model added. Xi revealed that Oliveira wasn't the only model who offered support; others also consoled her backstage. "Thank you to all the girls who rushed to comfort me at backstage after what had happened, you are all family to me," she said. She also thanked everyone who sent her supportive messages.  The 28-year-old model ended on a positive note: "I will pick myself up from where I fell, and I will keep going in order to repay all the support you all have given me!!" Read her full post below:  As many of you may already know, I fell during my 5th year walking at the Victoria's Secret show yesterday. It was no doubt one of the hardest moments I have ever had to go through in my career, especially since the show was taking place in my hometown, in front of my mother's and my people's eyes. However, the support I received from everyone yesterday was incredible and I am truly grateful to everyone who was there for me. @ed_razek Thank you for your supportive words and your continuous support throughout these 7 years. @giizeleoliveira Thank you for helping me up after the fall, it was a very selfless and loving act from you. Thank you to all the girls who rushed to comfort me at backstage after what had happened, you are all family to me. Lastly thank you to everyone who sent and left me supportive messages. I will pick myself up from where I fell, and I will keep going in order to repay all the support you all have given me!! ❤️️#vsfashionshow @victoriassecret A post shared by  Ming Xi (@mingxi11) on Nov 20, 2017 at 8:24pm PST Xi's Instagram post follows a shorter message she posted on Weibo earlier yesterday. "I'm sorry to let everyone down. Thanks for everyone's concern," she wrote. "As a model for seven years, I have fallen on this road many times, but I know no matter how painful it is, I must stand and finish. The future road is long. I will always continue walking." Preach 🙌
 The Spring 2019 runways featured 44.8% models of color.  Although the Spring 2019 collections may still be underway at Paris Fashion Week, The Fashion Spot just released its official diversity report from New York Fashion Week's Spring 2019 shows—and there's some noteworthy progress to highlight.   In terms of race, size, age, and gender, this season was the most diverse yet for the New York shows. There were obvious standouts during the week, like Pyer Moss' show that celebrated African American culture while casting all black models and Rihanna's Savage x Fenty show that featured incredibly inclusive casting with women of all sizes and races in lingerie (along with two pregnant models). And designers like Chromat, Christian Siriano, and Prabal Gurung once again led the way with some of the most diverse shows of the week.  The Fashion Spot found that nearly a quarter of all shows included more models of color than white models. As a whole, models of color made up 44.8 percent of the runways—which is up from 37.3 percent last season.  Designers who cast the most racially inclusive shows this season include Pyer Moss (100 percent models of color), Claudia Li (100 percent models of color), Chromat (91.7 percent models of color), LaQuan Smith (76.5 percent models of color), Gypsy Sport (76 percent models of color), Prabal Gurung (75.6 percent models of color), Savage x Fenty (71.7 percent models of color), and Christian Cowan (71.4 percent models of color).  This season also saw an improvement in terms of size inclusivity (though still not nearly enough). A total of 49 plus-size models walked in 12 different shows, compared to last season's 27 in eight shows.  Once again, Chromat led the way casting 13 plus-size women in its Spring 2019 show. The brand also made a powerful statement by sending models of all sizes down the runway wearing T-shirts that read 'Sample Size.' Other standouts in plus casting this season included Christian Siriano (who has always been a champion for size inclusivity on the runway) and Savage x Fenty.  Despite the fact that this season included more models over the age of 50 than ever before, it's still the category with the least representation—by a drastic amount. Out of 76 major shows, New York only had 12 over-50 models walk for the entire Spring 2019 season, which accounts for not even 1 percent.   Sies Marjan, Chromat, Tome, Polo Ralph Lauren, and Zero + Maria Cornejo each cast two over-50 models, while Calvin Klein and Collina Strada each had one. Though the number was up from last season (which only included nine over-50 castings), there's still quite some work to do in terms of age inclusivity.  This season also saw an improvement in gender inclusivity. Transgender women and non-binary models made a total of 53 runway appearances at 20 different shows, a notable increase from last season's 33 castings (and the Spring 2018 season's 31 castings). Another interesting thing to note from New York's Spring 2019 season was the increased casting of drag queens. Opening Ceremony, Gypsy Sport, and The Blonds all cast a total of 25 drag performers. Taking that notion a step further, Opening Ceremony's show was formatted entirely as a drag show hosted by RuPaul’s Drag Race winner Sasha Velour. The runway was cast with all LGBTQIA+ models, 21 of whom were drag queens. Read the full New York Fashion Week Spring 2019 diversity report at TheFashionSpot.com. 
 The model revealed there was a dress emergency on KUWTK On the latest episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, the second youngest of the Kardashian-Jenner clan, supermodel Kendall, revealed that she had an epic fashion fail that we had no idea happened. In the episode, which was filmed last September during the Spring 2018 New York Fashion Week, the 22 year-old announced that she was very close to be wearing not much at all at a major fashion event. The California girl was in the east coast city with her mother, Kris Jenner, her sister's baby daddy Scott Disick and older sister Kim Kardashian for fashion week.    While her family where there to sit front row and attend fabulous parties, she was there to strut down endless runways and pick up her prestigious Fashion Icon of the Decade award at The Daily Front Row's Fashion Media Awards. You may remember that there was some controversy over Jenner receiving the award, since her breakout seasons only occured in 2014 and 2015, meaning she's had a relatively short career.   On the night the Victoria's Secret model wore an unreal, one-shouldered, tulle Giambattista Valli black gown, similar to the one she wore to the Golden Globes this year. Complete with Lorraine Shwartz jewelry and a bold lip, Jenner looked to-die for when she picked up her award. However, in the KUWTK episode, Kendall arrives at the Four Seasons Hotel green room to see her family and says, "my dress broke. The whole zipper came undone, so Marni sewed me in." Marni is Jenner's trusty stylist who works with the likes of Beyoncé and was thankfully on-hand to avoid a disaster. There's even video evidence of the model being sewn in on the night on Kendall's Instagram. Somehow we totally missed it:   Marni to the rescue A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Sep 15, 2017 at 10:59am PDT  Kris seemed wholly unconcerned with her daughter's problem, replying: "Oh! I love it…fashion emergency!" Ever the sympathetic mom.   
From: ELLE UK

 Score all your summer must-haves. Just in case you didn't completely abuse your credit card with Memorial Day Weekend sales, Nordstrom's highly-anticipated half-yearly sale is here until Sunday, June 2. From sundresses to sandals and new swimwear for your beach getaways, these are all the best summer staples to score from the big sale event.  Originally $119 This boxy, cropped silhouette is a fresh take on the classic denim jacket.  Originally $750 Because you can never have too many white tops, this playful smocked iteration by Molly Goddard is tops of our list this season. Wear it with denim cutoffs and sandals for the perfect effortless look.  Originally $90 A red hot bikini to amp up your summer vacation look. Get the matching bottoms here.  Originally $160 Summer 2019 is all about barely-there, '90s-inspired sandals. Get the look with this easy-to-style Schutz pair.  Originally $89 A printed midi dress that works for both the office and your weekend plans.  Originally $77 Add a splash of color to your look with these bright yellow hoops Originally $540 The tie-dye trend isn't slowing down anytime soon, and this jacket will take you from summer through fall.  Originally $276 The denim skirt gets a fresh update with this asymmetrical white mini by Jacquemus that'll go perfectly with all your sandals and tops.  Originally $295  Update your bag collection with summer bucket bag.  Originally $168 A belted one-piece makes for a flattering, Bond girl-inspired beach look.  Originally $248  From the beach to your weekend errand, these toe ring sandals get the trend just right.  Originally $118 Meet your new go-to shirtdress for the office.  Originally $250 Get in on the pearl trend with these subtly adorned gold hoops.  Originally $175 Try the bike shorts trend in a playful leopard print form.  Originally $590 Puff sleeves are here to stay and this top is an ideal way to get the look for summer.
 American Express’s Janey Whiteside walks us through her wardrobe. Every day is completely different. I manage a global team of around 250 between our headquarters in New York, our London offices, and people all over the United States and the world. My official title is executive vice president and general manager of global charge products, benefits, and services at American Express. I run our global charge card business, which is responsible for all card-member benefits and services like our loyalty programs, airport lounges, and benefits in the dining, entertainment, and events space, as well as our partnerships. I travel internationally at least once a month, usually to London, but I’ve also been to Hong Kong and Singapore this year. Typically I’ll take a red-eye and be back in a few days. I’m also on the board of the American Red Cross, so I might have a commitment with them, a speaking engagement, or a meeting with advisers and collaborators from Amex’s Platinum Collective advisory board. Thankfully I’m a morning person. I wake up around 6 , check my e-mails—there are anywhere from 20 to 40—and make a cup of coffee. Then I wake the kids; my husband and I have two boys, ages eight and 10. After that the usual stuff begins: making breakfast, taking a shower, getting the kids ready for school, and ensuring that they have their swim kits in their backpacks. The office is not at all corporate when it comes to style. I have a passion for fashion, and when you work in the corporate world it’s one of the ways you can express yourself. I rely on Net-a-Porter.com and Matches, and I’m constantly looking at things. I love Prada, Miu Miu, and Altuzarra for my work wardrobe, and Nili Lotan for the weekend. I usually have a fair idea of what I’m wearing the night before, but I double-check in the morning. If I’ve got an important meeting internally or with a partner or agency, I’ll wear a dress and heels. I’m definitely a shoe girl. I’m a big fan of Aquazurra heels, especially colored ones, and I have a huge collection of red heels. At the moment I’m obsessed with my Gucci slides. If it’s a typical day, my uniform is jeans, T-shirt, and a jacket. On Fridays, it’s jeans and sneakers. I love the frayed-denim look right now. I have a big collection of Golden Goose sneakers. We live in New York’s Tribeca, and the boys get the bus right outside our building at 7:30 , so I see them off and walk to the office, which is in the World Financial Center. I pick up a coffee and yogurt or an energy bar on the way to eat when I get in. I don’t have another coffee after that, just tea. I’m British, after all. Occasionally I’ll have some weird herbal tea if I’m trying to be good, but mostly it’s Yorkshire Gold English tea with milk. And I drink a lot of water during the day. I spend the first 10 minutes at my desk with my assistant going through the diary and reviewing all the documents I need for the day. My first meeting is usually at 8  and quite often that will be a telepresentation with the London team, which could take 90 minutes. We’ll discuss a card- member benefit we’re introducing, a new product we’re launching in a certain country, or upcoming events and membership experiences. Some meetings are more motivational than others. I love meeting with the team and hearing different perspectives. I also try to book half an hour in the morning and in the afternoon to catch up on calls and e-mails. Some days I might leave the office to attend a partner lunch or have lunch with a client or my team nearby at Spring Place in Tribeca. Once a week I’ll eat at my desk, usually chicken and salad, something along those lines. I never have wine at lunch—I wish! The middle of the afternoon is a really low period, and that’s when the tea bags come out. I try not to succumb to chocolate, but it’s hard, as there’s a lot of chocolate around the office. I attend evening events once or twice a week, and always make sure I have direct interactions with our customers. It’s important to hear their feedback on our services. We’ve had some great events in the past. Around Christmas last year we did a private dinner, and Bruno Mars performed, which was spectacular. “Trying to balance work, family, and self is a constant challenge. There’s usually one that you feel you’re neglecting.” The chance of getting out of the office at 5  is slim, but I try to make it to a 5:30 or 6:30 SoulCycle class three times a week. I used to do more yoga, but by the time you get to the studio and spend 90 minutes in class it’s been two and a half hours, and I just don’t have the time. I’ve been doing Soul- Cycle for about three years. With the right class, you come out feeling physically and emotionally fantastic, and it’s quick.  By the time I get home from SoulCycle, the kids are showered and finishing up their homework. They like me to make their dinner, so I do that and talk to them for a bit, then they go off and read or play Lego. After that I’ll make dinner for my husband and me. I love to cook, but during the week it will be something easy, usually a chicken dish or salmon. I shower and unwind with a glass of white wine and maybe some fun pop music like Justin Timberlake or a bit of Bruno Mars. Then I’ll watch Netflix or a reality-TV show on Bravo. I love House of Cards, and my husband and I love watching foreign TV series—we search them out. We’ve been watching this great French series called Spin. But I won’t lie; I do love me some Real Housewives.  I might read in bed for a bit and look at my favorite blogs. I’ll also do a last check of my e-mails at 9:30, and then not again until the morning, unless there’s something urgent going on. I have a curated selection of news on my iPad, so I’ll surf that and look at The Guardian to catch up on the news in the U.K. Reading is more of a vacation thing these days, but I do look at a lot of magazines. I love interior magazines, and I read Harper's Bazaar, obviously. Lights out is between 10 and 11  I’m a pretty good sleeper. I joined American Express 20 years ago this December, which sounds horrific. I started in the London office and moved to New York around 9/11. I love everything about the city—it’s so cosmopolitan. Compared with London, New York is very set up for city living. I also love my team, our customers, and what I do, but trying to balance work, family, and self is a constant challenge. There’s usually one that you feel you’re neglecting, but I’ve learned that you have to give yourself the freedom to be okay with that. Oddly enough, I think having kids is the most empowering thing to allow that to happen, because you know where your priorities lie. The other thing I say to everybody is, no matter what advice you get and where you are, you need to stay authentic to yourself or you will never be successful or happy. “The office is not at all corporate when it comes to style. I have a passion for fashion, and when you work in the corporate world it’s one of the ways you can express yourself.” I’ve been extremely lucky because at no point in my time at American Express has my being a woman entered into any decision around my career—there is no notion of gender inequality here. I’ve always felt very welcomed and at home. And after this long, some of my best friends are work colleagues. It’s like family now. From top left, clockwise: “I unwind with some fun pop music like Bruno Mars.” 24K Magic, $12, amazon.com; “My dog-tag necklace is a fashion staple.” Jennifer Fisher dog tag, $1,200, jenniferfisher.com; “I love anything fun and patterned for work.” From left: Miu Miu, Prada; “At the moment I’m obsessed with my Gucci slides.” $650, gucci.com; “Gypsy Water is my signature scent.” Byredo Gypsy Water eau de parfum, $230, barneys.com. Lead image: Gucci dress, $1,980, gucci.com; Bulgari watch, $11,400, and earrings, bulgari.com; Christian Louboutin shoes, $795, saksfifthavenue.com; Bracelet and ring, Whiteside’s own.
 “I made this item you are going to buy, but I didn’t get paid for it.” ISTANBUL (AP) — Shoppers at the fashion retailer Zara in Istanbul have found unusual tags on their garments — complaints by Turkish workers who say they have not been paid for the merchandise in the store. Workers from an outsourced manufacturer for Zara and other retailers have been going into Zara shops and leaving the tags inside clothes. The tag reads "I made this item you are going to buy, but I didn't get paid for it." It urges shoppers to back their campaign and pressure Zara into paying them. The tags say the workers were employed by Bravo, which closed down overnight. Workers say the manufacturer owes them three months of pay as well as severance allowance. Inditex, which owns Zara, did not immediately respond to questions from The Associated Press.
 It's 1993 all over again... Stuart Weitzman is celebrating the 25th anniversary of its most iconic and well-loved style, the 5050 boot. In its 25-year existence, the 5050 over-the-knee boot has garnered a cult following, worn by '90s It girls and current Insta stars alike. Currently, ladies like Gigi Hadid (the face of Stuart Weitzman's most recent ad campaign), Angelina Jolie, Jessica Alba, Olivia Palermo and Selena Gomez have embraced the up-to-there boot. What makes the Stuart Weitzman 5050 design different from other over-the-knee styles is the unique, universally-flattering stretch construction—crafted using a Stuart Weitzman pioneered dual-sided back-stretch technology. Due to its rapid popularity, the 5050 category has expanded in its 25 years to include a range of heel heights and colors.   Angels @romeestrijd + @josephineskriver wear the #HILINE boots out and about in Shanghai. #StuartWeitzman A post shared by  STUART WEITZMAN (@stuartweitzman) on Dec 6, 2017 at 7:13am PST The standout style getting a hat tip in a Kate Moss-fronted campaign though is the Reserve, shown in signature stretch-back with a 1 ¾-inch block heel. We can't think of a better model to celebrate a quarter century of stellar sales than someone whose career has gone equally strong during the same tenure. 
 This is the comeback the department store's been looking for.  Tracee Ellis Ross is bringing JCPenney back. The Blackish actress teamed up with the department store for a limited-edition holiday capsule collection that's both accessible and inclusive for all budgets and body types. Though Ross has always loved fashion, this marks her first foray into design.  The 45-piece collection—which includes women's apparel, accessories, and home decor—ranges in price from $9 - $75 and sizes small to 3X. According to the first looks shared by Ross on Instagram, the collection includes an array of pieces like black tuxedo suits, velvet dresses, sequin dresses, and a major red robe coat that we all need.  In an interview with WWD, Ross explained the importance of designing a collection that catered to all women. "Feeling great and looking great should be accessible to everyone and should be affordable," she said. "It doesn’t have to cost a lot to look incredible. It was very important to me to have considered a diverse group of women.”  JCPenney doesn't typically collaborate with celebrities on collections, but they've been inching towards a fashion-forward revamp for quite some time now. In the past year, the store has debuted a Project Runway partnership and amped up its Sephora in-shop stores. But with Ross' star power and a capsule collection that's equal parts chic and affordable, this may just be the fashionable comeback the store has been searching for all along.  Ross's collection will be available at all JCPenney’s stores and on jcpenney.com beginning November 12.
 At 80 years old, the iconic beauty stars in a new campaign for the brand and reveals how her first ad for Chanel changed her life.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Fifty-four years after she made her debut as the face of Chanel No. 5 fragrance, Ali MacGraw returns to the storied French house to star in a campaign for Chanel's J12 watch collection. In a black and white video helmed by French creative Brigitte Lacombe, the 80-year-old model and actress gets candid in-front of the camera. In less than 60 seconds, MacGraw touches on life in the '60s and '70s and the most defining moment of her career.  "Obviously, a watch is to tell time if you're obsessed with time. But, I've always thought of it as special jewelry," she says while looking down at her white watch from Chanel's J12 collection. Keeping the look timeless, she wears a white button-down shirt and her hair pulled back in a ponytail.   MacGraw also reflects on her youth and what it was like coming of age during the counterculture movement. "I had this major moment like anyone my age did in the '60s and the '70s when music was extraordinary and when almost suddenly we were able to live with optimism and freedom. We could do whatever we wanted to," she says of the rebellious era.  And as for what MacGraw would do if time were no longer an issue? "That's a long list." When asked about her career-defining moment, MacGraw throws it back to her time as a model, when her girl next door look helped to push a bare-faced and low-maintenance beauty standard. "When I was asked to do an ad for Chanel No. 5. An agent saw that picture in a drugstore somewhere in New York and asked me if I would like to be in the movies, for which I had no qualifications. I guess the rest is history," she adds with a smile. Along with MacGraw, Chanel also tapped eight other women including supermodels Naomi Campbell and Claudia Schiffer, along with the longtime face of the brand Keira Knightley and Lily-Rose Depp, to star in the new campaign. 
 The brands giving back this International Women's Day. In honor of International Women's Day, here are the brands combining philanthropy and fashion in support of women and girls around the world. In celebration of International Women's Day, luxury fashion e-tailer Net-A-Porter is launching a limited-edition collection in collaboration with six female designers, with all proceeds benefiting Women for Women International. The collection features designs by Stella McCartney, Ganni, Off White, Bella Freud, Rosie Assoulin, and Chloé. Rosie Assoulin shirt, $195, net-a-porter.com SHOP Teaming up with The American Civil Liberties Union, Re/Done designed a special statement-making sweatshirt calling for equality. All proceeds will be donated to the ACLU.  Re/Done hoodie, $195, shopredone.com. SHOP This International Women's Day you can wear your opinions in the chicest way yet. Twenty percent of the sales from this "Rebel Rebel" beret will be donated to the Girl Scouts of the USA. Cynthia Rowley x Lingua Franca beret, $125, cynthiarowley.com SHOP Collaborating with the Women's March organizers for their newly released book, Together We Rise, Gilt launched an empowering capsule collection of unisex tees and hoodies. Featuring quotes taken from the pages of the new book, 100% of net proceeds from the shirts will benefit Girls Who Code, an organization on a mission to close the gender gap in technology. Gilt x Together We Rise t-shirt, $35, gilt.com. SHOP To celebrate International Women's Day, DVF unveiled an #InCharge capsule collection featuring a t-shirt, handbag, and beanie. Not only do 20% of proceeds from these pieces go towards Vital Voices, but 20% of every full price item on DVF.com will be donated to the non-profit organization as well. Vital Voices helps female leaders across the world create change in their communities.  DVF #InCharge collection, ranging from $28 - $142, dvf.com. SHOP Celebrating girl power, Milly's spirited capsule collection of empowering t-shirts and hoodies will donate 20% of proceeds to Girls Inc. of NYC.  Milly sweatshirt, $155, milly.com. SHOP In honor of International Women’s Day, the sustainable clothing brand ADAY will be donating 100% of their proceeds to the Malala Fund. In addition, shoppers can request a limited-edition postcard pre-addressed to their local senator. SHOP Putting a spin on the statement-making t-shirt, Eileen Fisher's new tank for IWD features "the future is female" written in Morse code. 100% of all proceeds will be donated to Ignite, an organization helping young women break into politics.  Eileen Fisher tank, $98, eileenfisher.com. SHOP  Just in time for International Women's Day, Aerie is launching its #AerieRoleModel collection with new brand ambassadors Yara Shahidi, Aly Raisman, Rachel Platten, and Iskra Lawrence. The five-piece collection includes leggings, t-shirts, a sweatshirt, and a swimsuit—each featuring the mantra of one of the brand's Role Models. 100% of all proceeds from the collection will be donated to charities chosen by the five young women—Darkness To Light, Innocence Project, I am That Girl, and National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA). Aerie leggings, $16, aerie.com. Partnering with The ONE Campaign, Fossil is donating 100% of proceeds from its limited-edition tote to One's #GirlsCount initiative helping girls get better access to education around the world. Fossil tote, $45, fossil.com. SHOP Everlane, which already believes in "radical transparency" and "exceptional quality" when creating clothes, is supporting International Women's Day through the sale of their "Human Woman" tank. For each shirt sold, they will donate $5 to Equality Now, which has been fighting to promote equal rights for women around the world since 1992. Everlane muscle tee, $22, everlane.com. SHOP Activewear brand Alala has partnered with Equal Means Equal (EME) to enact positive change by demanding a gender equality clause be added to the United States Constitution. A portion of proceeds from sales will be donated to EME through March. Alala hoodie, $69, alalastyle.com. SHOP The women-run jewelry company based in Vancouver, BC, hand-crafts jewelry aimed to inspire women to embrace their confidence. In celebration of  International Women's Day, Wolf Circus will donate 20% of proceeds to a charity close to home—Atira—Vancouver’s Woman’s Resource Society, which is dedicated to supporting women and children affected by violence by offering safe and supportive housing. With additional commitment to women abroad, the label pledges to donate specific proceeds from their signet rings sales to The Latitude Project, a medical initiative devoted to women-specific clinics and care centers in Nicaragua. Wolf Circus Femme Ring in Gold, $108, wolf circus.com. SHOP This international Women's Day, Oeuf has partnered with Sanctuary for Families, New York's leading service provider and advocate for survivors of domestic violence, sex trafficking, and related forms of gender violence. 100% of the proceeds from the sale of this shirt will be donated. Oeuf t-shirt, $35, oeufnyc.com. SHOP Cuyana believes in "fewer, better," and is changing the way we shop. When you make a "lean shipping" on a Cuyana purchase, you'll receive a reusable bag in the mail for you to fill with lightly-worn clothes. Send it back, and it'll be donated to the brand's partner charity, H.E.A.R.T, which helps victims of abuse start new chapters in their lives. Cuyana slip dress, $315, cuyana.com. SHOP In collaboration with Reese Witherspoon, this historic beauty brand has launched a limited edition shade of their signature Red Door lipstick, and is donating 100% of the proceeds to UN Women, a global champion for women and girls. Elizabeth Arden lipstick, $27, elizabetharden.com. SHOP La Ligne’s limited-edition AccountabiliTEE will be available on International Women’s Day through the end of March. 100% of the proceeds will go to Time's Up, an organization founded by women in entertainment that aims to address systemic inequality and injustice in the workplace. La Ligne x Cleo Wade t-shirt, $35, laligne.com. SHOP Launched today, Olivia von Halle designed a limited edition assortment of the label's classic comfy silk pajama sets, available in three color options, all  embroidered in script with some of the most provocative and unforgettable female-empowerment quotes and slogans from Women's Marches. Our favorite—the white with black trim, "Nevertheless, She Persisted" loungewear. Additionally, One hundred percent of the PJ proceeds will go to Bloody Good Period, a charitable organization that gives menstrual supplies to asylum seekers, refugees, and women who cannot afford them.  Olivia von Halle Coco Persisted Silk Pyjama set, $650, olivia von halle.com. SHOP Inspired by Zoe Buckman's public art installation symbolizing female empowerment, Alice + Olivia designed a two-piece capsule collection with 50% of net proceeds going to the Art Production Fund. Buckman's feminist art installation is on display now at The Standard Hotel in Hollywood.  Alice + Olivia sweatshirt, $275, aliceandolivia.com. SHOP Instead of simply giving monetary donations to developing countries, fashionABLE helps the country's economy as a whole by creating jobs for its underprivileged people, with a focus on "women who have overcome." Artisans in its Nashville site, for example, have overcome prostitution and addiction. The brand helps these women, and those in countries where the gender gap for wages and ownership are overwhelmingly great, by giving them opportunities to make their own money. FashionABLE bucket bag, $148, livefashionable.com. SHOP Before launching A.L.C. in 2009, founder Andrea Lieberman worked as a stylist to powerful women from Gwen Stefani to Jennifer Lopez. Now she's at the helm of a brand that champions "women, community and a pioneer spirit." In honor of that mantra, the line has released an exclusive tee in honor of International Women's Day. All proceeds from the top will be donated to Planned Parenthood. A.L.C. t-shirt, $98, alcltd.com. SHOP Negative empowers women in a unique way: by supporting body images. Its mission reads, "In a world of pushed up and overdone, we're intentionally not." Bras, panties and loungewear are made of super light materials to make wearing them as comfortable as possible. Plus, they've teamed up with Girls I Know for a body-positive (and boob-positive) initiative rightfully called #supportthegirls. Negative bra, negativeunderwear.com. SHOP In 2014, Lunya’s founder Ashley Merrill set out to create sleepwear that made women feel confidently comfortable. This year, in honor of International Women’s Day, Lunya is launching a custom tee and donating to Girls Inc., an organization that inspires all girls to be strong, smart, and bold. Lunya x Girls Inc. muscle tee, $88, lunya.com. SHOP Sparking a long-term collaboration with Girls Inc, Carbon38 is celebrating International Women's Day with a special capsule collection. Featuring four new pieces, the activewear range will donate a full 100% of its proceeds to the Los Angeles chapter of Girls Inc. for all sales the entire month of March.  Carbon38 tank, $38, and leggings, $125, carbon38.com. SHOP
 See the full campaign here. Gap's newest ads star SZA, producer Metro Boomin, viral up-and-comer Sabrina Claudio and more rising talents in entertainment. The ads featuring the music stars are extremely timely, arriving just days ahead of Sunday's Grammy awards (which SZA has five nominations for).  However, not all of the campaign stars are musicians. The cast also includes comedian Awkwafina of Ocean's Eight, 13 Reasons Why actor Miles Heizer, British TV host Maya Jama, The Florida Project actress Bria Vinaite, YouTuber Connor Franta, and Japanese actress Naomi Watanabe. Beyoncé's makeup artist Sir John is also involved.  The crew sports t-shirts, hoodies, and sweatshirts Gap's new "Archive Reissue – Logo Remix" collection, which puts a new spin on the brand's iconic emblem (which is almost 50 years old). The outfits are completed various denims for a casual, classic look. This marks the latest of Gap's recent campaigns, following "Do You" starring real people, "Generation Gap" starring Naomi Campbell, "Bridging the Gap" starring Yara Shahidi, Priyanka Chopra and an unexpected duet by Cher and Future, and "Meet Me in the Gap" starring Janelle Monáe. Music plays a big part in the new ads, just as it did in the previous campaigns. Metro remixed Thompson Twins' 1983 song, "Hold Me Now," which the cast dances along to in the TV spot. (It'll also be available on Spotify so you can dance along). Flip through to see all the campaign stars in their Gap looks.   "I guess all the people involved were people I respected and that really were good friends, like Metro, really like Metro as a human being," SZA told BAZAAR.com of starring in the Gap campaign. "Everyone else who was involved was so interesting, from all these different places, it was cool." The singer's critically acclaimed 2017 debut album, Ctrl, earned her five Grammy nominations, including Best New Artist. Gap logo sweatshirt, $70, gap.com. BUY At just 24 years old, Metro (born Leland Tyler Wayne) is already a renowned hip-hop and trap producer who's worked with Future, Kanye West, Gucci Mane, 21 Savage and more. The list just keeps growing. Gap sweater, $80, gap.com. BUY The 21-year-old Miami native released her debut project, About Time, in October 2017 after garnering a devoted online fanbase. Claudio's cozy hoodie is a fitting look for the singer who describes her style as "lazy, sexy, cool."  Gap hoodie, $65, gap.com. BUY The Brit TV presenter and radio host boasts a new gig at BBC's Radio 1. She and her grime rapper boyfriend, Stormzy, make up one hell of a music power couple. Gap sweatshirt, $60, gap.com. BUY The Queen, NY, native is television personality, rapper and comedian, but her latest role is Constance in the highly anticipated heist film, Ocean's 8. Gap hoodie, $70, gap.com. BUY Heizer has appeared in NBC's Parenthood and the 2016 film Nerve, but he may be best known now as Alex from Netflix's hit teen drama 13 Reasons Why.   Gap sweatshirt, $80, gap.com. BUY Nicknamed "the Beyoncé of Japan," 30-year-old Watanabe is a comedian, actress and all-around star with killer lip-syncing skills. Gap t-shirt, $35, gap.com. BUY The actress, 24, stars in indie hit The Florida Project with Willem Dafoe, who just earned an Oscar nomination for his performance in the role.  Gap t-shirt, $35, gap.com. BUY The fan favorite YouTuber has over 5 million subscribers on his channel, where his famous coming out video boasts 11 million views and counting.  Gap sweatshirt, $70, gap.com. BUY
 The new 20-year-old face of Chanel and Versace is a blue-jean baby  Having daring style means dressing however you wish, fearlessly pushing the limits, and not caring who is watching. The most helpful piece of style advice I’ve been given is that self-confidence is the best outfit.   My personal style icons are Anita Pallenberg, Faye Dunaway, and Lauren Hutton. But the woman in my life who has most influenced my style is my mom. Sometimes she still picks out my outfits!  I’m so happy that the trends of the ’70s—the decade my soul was really born—are coming back around in full swing. I think heavily drawn-on eyebrows need to stop.  I would describe my fashion choices as chic, confident, rock ’n’ roll, realistic, and bold. My go-to look is a cool jacket (I’m a big Levi’s fan), a Chanel scarf, a vintage Grateful Dead T-shirt, high-waisted Re/Done jeans, and Saint Laurent booties.   A Louis Vuitton 18th-century-style frock coat is at the top of my spring wish list. I also have my eye on the perfect white-and-pink minidress from Chanel.  My playlist consists mainly of ’70s rock and ’90s hip-hop. My album of the moment is Fleetwood Mac’s from 1975.   For Mother’s Day a couple of years ago, I put sticky notes with lyrics from my mom’s and my favorite song throughout a hotel room. I also left a cake on the table for when she arrived from the airport. Unfortunately I dropped it, so instead of saying “Happy Mothers Day,” it just said, “Happy Day.” Whatever works!  The best gift I’ve ever received is a Roomba, the robot vacuum. I’m not home very often these days, but I like a clean apartment. Luckily I can control it from anywhere with an app on my phone.  Salvador Dalí is my favorite artist. His paintings always evoke a solid, distinctive emotion.    My most treasured possession is a compass necklace. When I started traveling my mom gave it to me so I could always find my way back home.   My favorite place I’ve been for work is Mykonos, Greece. The food is incredible, the water is hypnotizing, and the people are so sweet! One day on set, the photographer had invited two elderly fishermen and one of their wives to join us. They played traditional bagpipes, she sang, and the whole crew danced.  I always travel with pawpaw cream. I also swear by Estée Lauder Advanced Night Repair serum and Diptyque’s Baies candle.  Having grown up in the Florida Panhandle, I’m very active. My bucket list includes skydiving in Waialua, Hawaii; scuba diving at the Yongala shipwreck in Australia; rock climbing in Boulder Canyon in Colorado; and swimming alongside sharks in Maaya Thila, Maldives.   My style hasn’t really changed over time. I just now know how to mix and match the old with the new. 
 Is this camp? We take shoulder pads for the test drive in Whole Foods to find out. I wasn’t alive in the ‘80s and growing up, I always felt extremely blessed to have missed out on all the shoulder pads, poufy dresses, and giant Aqua Net-filled perms I made fun of in old family photos of my mom and aunts.  It was the decade I’d turn to for every thematic dress-up day at school because it was so over-the-top and something I’d never, ever wear in real life. But then something slowly began to happen: Puff-sleeved dresses started popping up on the runways, Hedi Slimane turned Saint Laurent into an Eighties dance party, and I discovered the icon that was Joan Collins as Alexis Carrington Colby while falling into a hole of old Dynasty episodes. Suddenly, I wanted to dress exactly like the people I used to make fun of in retro photos because, FASHUN!   Puff-sleeved tops and dresses, strong-shouldered power suits, and even bike shorts have all staged comebacks in the last few seasons—from the runway to just about every influencer on Instagram. But instead of dying down, the ‘80s revival only seems to be revving up to more extreme heights, with shoulder pads becoming more prominent and puffed party dresses turning into daywear. And in the spirit of this year’s Met Costume Exhibition, one has to wonder: Is it camp? The exaggerated theme of the Met Gala red carpet and coinciding exhibit is a reminder that fashion is often at its best when it doesn’t take itself too seriously. Similarly, the return of the ‘80s—an era which undoubtedly took itself entirely too seriously—feels a bit tongue-in-cheek and maybe even ironic this time around.   #makeitrotate @thora_valdimars wearing Style 1 – Pink Jacquard & @_jeanettemadsen_ in Style 5 – Pink Wrap Dress, Collection 1. Shot by @themisspopo A post shared by  ROTATE Birger Christensen (@rotatebirgerchristensen) on Apr 5, 2019 at 12:02pm PDT As with most things in 2019, the Eighties camp trend first caught my attention on Instagram when a bout of influencers began wearing Rotate, a new Danish brand that’s made exaggerated party dresses cool again. Its giant puff-sleeved mini dresses (done in hot pink jacquard and black satin) began popping up all over my feed.  In a time when the overall state of fashion feels pretty stagnant and boring (please, no more minimal slip dresses), the dramatic 1980s nostalgia was the only thing that felt exciting to me. I wanted to buy into the trend, but truly had no idea where someone could actually wear an ‘80s party dress in the Year of Our Lord 2019. I don’t know about you, but I’m not going to many fancy dinner parties, nor am I even staying out past 9 p.m. these days. So when I ordered my Rotate dress, I decided to test drive its wearability by going to one of my favorite hot spots: Whole Foods.  I immediately learned you carry yourself entirely differently while wearing towering shoulder pads. It’s a look that says, watch me scam you out of millions and then sip a dry martini deviously afterwards. I suddenly completely understood why people dressed like this in the 1980s, because it makes you feel one hundred percent like THAT BITCH. A few heads turned, but this is New York so mostly no one was really phased by my pink party dress, enormous crystal drop earrings, and ruffled polka dot pumps in the snack aisle at 2 p.m. on a Tuesday. I quickly became obsessed with Dynasty-inspired fashion and started making ‘80s mood boards on Instagram. Game of Thrones was cool, I’m sure, but have you ever seen the O.G. Alexis Carrington slap Krystle in the face while wearing shoulder pads bigger than Mount Everest? That’s the kind of television that really changes you. The Instagram account @WhatAlexisWore (tracking all of Joan Collins' ultra-glam outfits on Dynasty) became my new go-to, further fueling my obsession of the look.     s04e15 ~ Who needs the MET Gala? This is every day in Denver. #whatalexiswore 😆 . . . . . #alexiscarringtoncolby #alexiscarrington #joancollins #nolanmiller #dynastyfashion #costumedesign #80sfashion #cwdynasty #dynasty #fashionhistory @cw_dynasty #powersuit #alexiscolby #damejoancollins A post shared by  What Alexis Wore (@whatalexiswore) on May 8, 2018 at 9:34am PDT  But if I’m being honest, while the Rotate dress and Alessandra Rich earrings were really fun, I wanted to figure out how to channel the Decade of Greed in a way that felt slightly less extra than my Whole Foods run. The middle-ground, I discovered, was in heart-shaped accessories, and moderately puffed sleeves and shoulder pads that you can style with jeans for a more modern take on the look.   I found a ton of ‘80s-worthy blouses from C/Meo Collective—with shoulder pads that felt fancy without breaking the bank or making me look completely over the top. From BaubleBar to Oscar de la Renta, there’s a wide variety of playful heart earrings that feel just the right amount of kitsch. The end result? A Working Girl-approved look that doesn’t look like it’s working too hard. But it’s still fun, glam, and Alexis Carrington-approved.  Is it camp? Who really knows anymore, but if you’re looking to be excited by fashion again, now’s the time to pump up the volume (literally) of the ‘80s trend. 
 The latest from Dior and a Celine alum's debut at Bottega Veneta.. See all of the best gowns, coats, denim, dresses, jackets, suiting and more from a season with so much to offer—Pre-Fall. Get your shopping lists ready... 
 She resorted to the age-old abhorred socks-and-sandals fad, but this time, we actually kind of like it. There are few fads in fashion that are as detested as the wearing of socks with sandals. Glimpsing the abomination—usually in the form of thick, soiled socks paired with Velcro-strapping sandals—immediately induces the memory of your dad wearing some similar ensemble to a parent-teacher's conference in high school, much to your embarrassment. Suffice to say, this duo is anathema to all fashion common sense. Still, that didn't deter supermodel Gigi Hadid from tapping into the trend. While attending WARDROBE.NYC's collection launch event on Wednesday, Hadid wore black crew socks with a pair of Valentino Birkenstocks. To our surprised delight, it actually kind of worked.    Maybe it comes as no surprise that Hadid is able to make the usually inept look work for her—after all, she is a style trailblazer. And, of course, it also helps that the rest of her outfit doesn't resemble anything a fashionably clueless dad would probably wear. With her hair pulled back into a neat half-bun, Hadid finished off her outfit with delicate gold necklaces, a plain white tee, black biker shorts, and oversized denim layers. She carried a small handbag with a black-and-white lightning bolt print to the event as well.  
 
 See the Italian designer's take on Tod's.  Tod's is launching the first in a series of Tod's Factory capsule collections with a collaboration with Italian fashion designer Alessandro Dell'acqua. The leather-focused line includes 7 ready-to-wear pieces (coats, dresses, trenches and belts) and 9 shoe styles styles (driving shoes, heels, and boots). The collection is available in a range of three materials in Dell’Acqua's go-to pink and black, as well as Tod’s signature brown leather. Tod's calls the partnership a "strong and sophisticated fusion," in a statement. These two seem like a match made in Italian fashion heaven—with leather bomber jackets, hoodies, and bow-detailed driving shoes for luxury shoppers everywhere.  Ankle Boots in Leather, $1,275, tods.com. SHOP NOW Biker Jacket in Leather, $4,175, tods.com. SHOP NOW Sandals in Patent Leather, $845, tods.com. SHOP NOW Bomber in Radzimir, $3,025, tods.com. SHOP NOW Gommino Driving Shoes in Suede, $645, tods.com. SHOP NOW Trench in Leather, $7,945, tods.com.  SHOP NOW Dress in Leather, $3,595, tods.com. SHOP NOW Gommino Driving Shoes in Patent Leather, $645, tods.com. SHOP NOW "I believe in beautiful things, well made, in sophisticated elegance, in precious materials," Dell'Acqua said in a behind-the-scenes video. "Tod's is a confirmation of Italian excellence...For Tod's, I brought together cool metropolitan and Italian craftsmanship. The physical touch and care over finishes are essential, they confer character and identity." Tod’s Factory will serve as an ongoing series of collaborations with designers, influencers, and artists that are invited to give their own take on "Tod’s DNA." The first collection by Dell'Acqua will be available to shop in stores this week, as well as at a special pop-up shop in the Madison Avenue and Rodeo Drive stores on November 19th, and online at tods.com.
 They had us at varsity jacket with pearl buttons... As a mom to a one-year old, baby clothes are a whole new world. But, thankfully, in a sea of t-shirts with sparkling rainbows and fussy pinafores, there are a few select, beautiful brands to discover. Enter: Leah + Rae. The collection, which launched in February, was founded by Brittany Peltz Buerstedde as an answer to the dream of beautiful children's-wear that doesn't inhibit a little one's ability to move and play freely—with approachable prices ranging from $44-$150.   I knew I was in love when I came across the baby basket bag in the brand's initial offering. The collection is pretty but unfussy, simple, but with thoughtful details like hand-embroidery on a white blouse and pearl buttons on a varsity jacket. And each piece is super soft, meant for every day life, not to be stored for special occasions only. BAZAAR.com spoke with the designer and Manhattan-based mom to daughters (and brand models) Eva and Lila Rae, to see why she wanted to enter of the realm of children's fashion and which famous baby she'd love to see wear Leah + Rae.  Why did you want to launch your line? After giving birth to my second daughter I had a hard time finding clothes that resonated with my aesthetic. I wanted to create styles that were beautiful, unique and also wearable. I also believe that children are so beautiful on their own and clothes should speak to that instead of distract from it.  What did you think was missing in the children’s market that you thought it could fill? I felt that most brands were full of extremes—super classic to the point of feeling outdated and buttoned up, full on bohemian without a sophisticated flair, or completely modern with loud colors and statement pieces.  As a mom of two girls who are equal part princess and tom boy I wanted to created a collection that incorporated the graceful beauty of little girls who make believe they are queen for a day while also speaking to their spunky side that drives them to race down slides and chase clouds on swing-sets.  I wanted to create the best quality product which was always a priority and frankly a responsibility without having to compromise on price. Affordability was always key.  Does the collection reflect your own personal style? In many ways, yes, especially in the sense that I dress in simple styles and color palettes that incorporate key pieces or accessories to elevate the look. The line also incorporates both ends of my style spectrum that include romantic dresses and blouses that are balanced out by my sportier days of jeans and a white tee.  I have also incorporated my belief that clothes should not only be beautiful but should also inspire movement and play which comes from my background as a figure skater.  Who is it named for? The brightest lights of my life, my two daughters whose middle names are Leah and Rae.  Is it more difficult to design for boys? I definitely have more immediate female inspiration with my two daughters but am lucky that many of my best friends have boys who inspire me in many ways.  At this point the collection has more styles for girls but includes quite a few unisex styles as well. Even though I always try to design a full or complete collection I have to fall fully in love with each piece before I go into production, which means I will never just add more styles for numbers sake but instead because I really feel they are a must.  What is your design process like? All of my collections up to date have been designed during my time in the country. This was not intentional on my part but somehow happened this way. I’m definitely very connected to nature and I find that I can best tune into what is inspiring me during those quite, undisturbed hours even if they happen to be while my husband and girls are sleeping. I do not design like most artists with a broad idea or theme that dictates the overall direction. I start with one silhouette, style or swatch which seamlessly melts into another until the majority of the collection is sketched out. Once I have overlooked it I then see if there are any pieces that I feel are missing and add those in as needed to make sure the collection flows. I always want my pieces to be versatile within the collection and be able to easily mix and match seamlessly. Interestingly enough, I don’t often recognize what inspired me until the editing phase where I overlook the larger picture—only then does my initial spark, or inspiration become clear.What, who or where inspires you when designing? I am very inspired by my travels and most notably by my childhood summers spent in the Cote d’Azure. I was very drawn to and inspired by their effortless sense of beauty and muted color palette... What has been most helpful for you in spreading the word about your brand? Moms! One of the best parts about being a Mother is the other Mothers you meet and connect with—the bond and support system is like no other and there truly isn’t a better way to get honest advice and feedback. There is an amazing, underlying trust that comes from all of us wanting the very best for our children.  What famous baby would you love to see in the Collection? It’s a very good question, since they often have access to so many amazing brands. I would definitely be honored to see a well-known mom chose Leah + Rae for their child but I have to say how truly grateful and inspired I am by the incredible, “everyday“ moms who have really fallen in love with the brand. The amazing working moms and stay-at-home Moms who have really gravitated to our aesthetic and what we stand for, moms who have amazing values and careers. That is what really excites me! But without escaping your question, I would have to say it would be pretty amazing to see Princess Charlotte in Leah + Rae, because who isn’t in love with a modern fairytale. Leah + Rae is available at saks.com. maisonette.com and leahandrae.com.
 The Off-White designer recreates 10 classic Nike sneakers.  In the collaboration of every hypebeast's dream, Virgil Abloh and Nike have joined forces for a new sneaker range. Nike tapped the Off-White designer to recreate 10 of its most iconic footwear styles for a project dubbed "The Ten." Bringing his distinct streetwear aesthetic to the table, Abloh redesigned Nike classics like the Air Jordan I, Air Max 90, Air Force 1 Low, Converse Chuck Taylor and more.  "What we're talking about here is larger than sneakers, it’s larger than design culture. It’s nothing short of state-of-the-art design. These 10 shoes have broken barriers in performance and style. To me, they are on the same level as a sculpture of David or the Mona Lisa. You can debate it all you want, but they mean something. And that's what's important," Abloh said in a release shared by Nike.  The ten styles are separated into two themes, "Revealing" and "Ghosting," with the former featuring classic, open-cut designs and the latter featuring translucent uppers for a more futuristic vibe. The sneakers may vary slightly in terms of design but all ten feature a distinct red zip tie through the laces. Abloh also brought his tongue-in-cheek logos to the designs, with "SHOELACES" written across some of the actual laces and "AIR" superimposed on the sides of the Nike Air VaporMax, Air Jordan I and Air Presto shoes.  The first five sneakers of "The Ten" project—the Air Jordan I, Nike Blazer, Nike Air Presto, Nike Air Max 90, and Nike Air VaporMax—will be pre-released in New York City (September 9-13), London (September 18-22), Milan (September 21-25) and Paris (September 26-30) at NikeLab stores.  The full collection will launch in November at NikeLab stores and select retailers worldwide.
 Photographer Karim Tabar captured the week's best looks.  The 2018 Burning Man festival just concluded in Black Rock Desert, Nevada and the beautiful desert made for the perfect setting for incredible photography.  Photographer Karim Tabar was on the scene to capture the essence of the festival, and best looks, from the annual event. Here are some of the most breathtaking shots from his week in the desert. 
 Rinna's daughter, Amelia Gray Hamlin, walked her first fashion show today for Dennis Basso.  Each season of New York Fashion Week always holds the runway debut of at least one celebrity or supermodel offspring. (Take Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber, for example.) This morning, it was Lisa Rinna's 16-year-old daughter, Amelia Gray Hamlin, making her big introduction to the catwalk at Dennis Basso's Spring 2018 show. To fête the occasion, the Real Housewives star was present to epically cheer on her daughter from the front row. In the greatest real life transformation into Regina George's mom from Mean Girls, Rinna stood up and captured a full panoramic video of her daughter's walk. "WOO, that's my daughter!" she shouted in the moment that every teenager dreads.   It was a cool mom cheer that would have done Amy Poehler proud:   Of course, Rinna isn't the first celebrity mom to go all Mean Girls for her daughter's runway walk. Back in 2015, Kris Jenner had a similar reaction when Kendall Jenner walked her first Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.  Rinna was basically the second coming of the "You're Doing Amazing Sweetie" meme: After the show, Rinna shared the video she captured of Amelia's runway debut on Instagram:   We could not be more proud of @ameliagray walking in her first show ever today opening and closing the show for @dennisbassonyc #ss18 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ A post shared by  Lisa Rinna (@lisarinna) on Sep 11, 2017 at 9:02am PDT  "We could not be more proud of @ameliagray walking in her first show ever today for @dennisbassonyc," she wrote in a caption.  Congratulations to Amelia Gray—and here's to hoping for more embarrassing mom moments to come from the front row (sorry Amelia!).
 Photographer Karim Tabar captured the week's best looks. The 2019 Burning Man festival just concluded in Black Rock Desert, Nevada and photographer Karim Tabar was on the scene to capture the essence, the scene, and the best looks from the annual event. Here, some of the most daring ensembles from the year's most talked-about festival—and the stories behind them. Occupation: Model, DJ & Fashion E-commerce Owner "For me, Burning Man is a way to disconnect from the 'real' world. When I'm back from it, it feels like a fresh start. Burning Man is my New Year's Eve. As a creative person, it also inspires me a lot for what I do. I love the spontaneous nature of it." Occupation: Model "While I was born and raised in a quiet town near Toronto, Canada,  I'm [now] vagabonding across the world working full time as a fashion model. Not only do I travel often for work, I always seem to find myself in new cities just for the sake of enjoyment. In the last year I've been to over 20 cities! Burning Man is like another city, but it feels like my home [away] from home." Occupation: Model and Nutritional Science Student "I was going for a galactic, other worldly type of look that day. It was my first time at Burning Man and I love to switch up my vibe from spacey to earthy." Occupation: Musician & Sound Healer "My look is inspired by the Oracle of Siwa and the Egyptian sound healers of the temples of Hathor—they were gifted musicians, astrologers, and alchemists." Occupation: TV Host & Actress "My look was inspired by a warrior woman, like Joan of Arc or Nefertiti. A woman who has forged and grown with each challenge of life; A woman who been through the storm and survived; A woman who’s fully awakened and is taking a stand, taking problems by the horns and has no fear to conquer the world." Occupation: Fashion Stylist & TV Personality "I was at Burning Man to express myself and inspire others to be their authentic selves." "I love strange and interesting looks and have always had a diverse range of style, but I’m constantly feeling so limited as to what I can get away with in normal life. I wanted to take full advantage of every aspect of radical self expression and totally transform my looks and style as I wish. The hair, the accessories, the wigs—something a bit different and a bit futuristic."  Occupation: Physics Major and Pre M.B.A. "My look was simple because it was sunrise, but I wanted it to match my art car: the passionflower which during the day is pink and blue."  Occupation: Model and Costume Designer "This look was inspired by the art at Burning Man, where some can be very colorful and playful." Occupation: Social Entrepreneur, Model, and Humanitarian "For me, Burning Man is all about human connection andself discovery." "This look, I didn’t think about so much. I wanted to look how I wanted to feel that day: light yet strong." Occupation: Model "I like to play with outfits at Burning Man. So, when I see something nice during the year, I will buy it. I have too many accessories, so I mix and match with everything until I am happy with my look and go dance into the playa." Occupation: : Model "My all-red look was my friend Marta and Elbio's idea, because they say it is the color of love and passion, and also because they got married on Tuesday."
 The Hadid's turned the theme park into their own runway. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Between the lines, crowds, and screaming kids, Disneyland isn't always the most glamorous of places to visit. But leave it to Gigi and Bella Hadid to turn the theme park into their own runway.  The sisters took a day trip to Disney's California park for their friend Leah McCarthy’s 25th birthday. Going for coordinating athleisure looks, the Hadid's each donned shorts and crop tops. Gigi opted for summer's tie-dye trend in a two-piece set by Cotton Citizen, while Bella went for an all-black look in baggy basketball shorts and a leopard-trimmed tank by UNIF. Sorry kids, but none of us have ever looked this cool in line for Splash Mountain.  Each of the models topped off their looks with tube socks and sneakers—Bella in a black Burberry pair and Gigi in ASH's Extreme sneakers. Bella accessorized with heart-shaped earrings by Frasier Sterling and a diamond nameplate necklace by LaJoux. Gigi, meanwhile, tied a Cotton Citizen sweater around her waist and wore a pair of her own Gigi Hadid x Vogue sunglasses and a gold Missoma chain necklace.  While at the park, Gigi and Bella posed for a group shot with their friends (as you do), which was later posted by the birthday girl on Instagram (again, as you do).    Gigi Celebrating Leah's birthday yesterday❤️ #Gigihadid #LeahMccarthy #kendallvisser #mccallkoenig #Bellahadid A post shared by  M Y Q U E E N G I G I👸 (@myqueengigi) on Jul 7, 2019 at 5:15am PDT  Please excuse me while I go order tie-dye bike shorts and book a ticket to Disneyland immediately. 
 It's subtle but it's giving our denim a whole new feel.  Double yoke denim is officially shaping up to be the coolest new trend in denim. It's a subtle detail, a pattern of stitching around the hips that comes to a point along the the zipper cover. This style was first popularized in the 19th century, seen on prairie blouses and gathered skirts. Now it's adding a western flair to your favorite jeans.  Supermodel Elsa Hosk has helped to put this style on the map when she including them in her newly launched denim collaboration with J Brand jeans, and many brands like Re/Done, and Frame have caught on. Get ahead of the game and shop our favorite double yoke jeans for fall.   Who doesn't want a pair of jeans from one of the world's most stylish models? Her new collaboration with J Brand jeans is just near sold-out.   We love a trouser-style jean, and the double yoke detailing lends just the right touch of cool.   Pair this style with an oversized button down shirt for day, or a slim bodysuit for a night out.  The double yoke detail is a cool addition regardless of the style of jeans, we love it on a wide leg or skinny leg pant.   This detailing isn't just for high-waisted jeans, it can even change the look of a denim mini.   These high-waisted jeans feels fresh with this stitch detailing.  It's hard to reinvent the wheel but this detailing adds a subtle twist to your favorite denim.  These summer shorts have the perfect retro feel thanks to the rolled up hem and double yoke sitch.  
 Consider us royally obsessed.  From gowns to ladylike dresses and everything in-between, we're tracking the royal's best style moments through the years. For Christmas morning service, the Duchess of Cambridge looked festive in a deep red coat with a velvet collar by designer Catherine Walker.  Kate donned a polka dot dress with pearl buttons for a visit to Evelina London Children's Hospital.  The duchess was holiday ready in a plaid skirt by Emilia Wickstead and black sweater as she hosted a Christmas party for military families with Prince William.  For Prince Charles' 70th birthday party, Kate wore a one-shoulder pink gown with jaw-dropping diamond earrings. The Duchess of Cambridge chose an emerald green coat with black velvet details for the centenary of World War I armistice service at Westminster Abbey. Kate first wore this Jenny Packham dress in 2012, but brought it back out for the Tusk Conservation Awards.  The Duchess of Cambridge looked like a full-on princess in a blue Alexander McQueen gown and the Lover's Knot tiara for a state dinner at Buckingham palace.  For Princess Eugenie's royal wedding to Jack Brooksbank, the Duchess of Cambridge stunned in bright pink Alexander McQueen dress and matching Philip Treacy fascinator.  Kate Middleton arrived to the Victoria & Albert Museum wearing a tweed Erdem dress, paired with Jimmy Choo velvet pumps, and a Jimmy Choo box clutch.  The Duchess looked lovely in a lavender Emilia Wickstead dress and Gianvito Rossi pumps for a mental health summit in London.  Kate Middleton joined Meghan Markle for Serena Williams' Wimbledon match, choosing a printed dress by Jenny Packham and pearl earrings for the occasion.  For the RAF Centenary Service, Kate looked stylish in a baby blue Alexander McQueen dress and sparkly brooch in honor of the Royal Air Force Dacre. Kate chose all-white Alexander McQueen for the christening of her third born, Prince Louis. She paired it with a statement headpiece by Jane Taylor. The Duchess donned a yellow Alexander McQueen coat for the royal wedding of the year—when Prince Harry wed Meghan Markle. She paired it with a coordinating floral fascinator.  Will and Kate introduced the world to their third child, Prince Louis on April 23. As the couple made their way to the steps of Lindo Wing, the Duchess of Cambridge wore a red Jenny Packham dress with a white lace Peter Pan collar.  It was all-blue for the duchess in a Beulah London dress and coat set at the Commonwealth Day service.  In a royal blue long-sleeved empire-waist lace Seraphine maternity dress, paired with simple black heels and diamond drop earrings while attending the grand opening of Place2Be's new headquarters in London. In a cream-colored collarless cinched-waist JoJo Maman Bébé 'Princess' maternity coat (reported to be the same coat she wore when pregnant with Princess Charlotte)—paired with black heels, pearl drop earrings, and a small clutch while visiting the Pegasus Primary School in Oxford, England.  In a Orla Kiely-designed black long-sleeved floral print dress with velvet detailing, paired with nude suede pumps, a small clutch, and gold teardrop earrings at the National Portrait Gallery in London. In a lined Jenny Packham blue coat and dress and Jimmy Choo navy heels while visiting the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists in London. In a dark green double-breasted Dolce & Gabbana coat, with simple black gloves, tights, and heels while making a royal appearance at the Fire Station Arts Centre in Sunderland, England. Wearing a black-and-white printed long-sleeved dress, with silver jewelry, black tights, and heels while at the Fire Station Arts Centre in Sunderland with Prince William. Wearing a black and white floral-printed Erdem gown, paired with simple black heels for the Commonwealth Fashion Exchange reception at Buckingham Palace.  Will and Kate hit up the BAFTA Awards in London, with the Duchess in a green Jenny Packham gown, emerald jewelry, Prada heels, and a black clutch. In a royal blue Goat Ellory Bow Detail coat paired with black heels, carrying a Aspinal of London clutch for the opening of a community-based drug addition treatment center in Essex, England. In a red and white KJUS Duana quilted jacket, a white Barts Jasmin beanie, and Sorel 'Tofino' snow boots while watching Norway's national junior ski jumpers take off from the Holmenkollen ski jump in Oslo, Norway with Prince William. The Duchess of Cambridge made a regal statement in an Alexander McQueen draped gown for a formal dinner at the Norwegian Royal Palace.  In a maroon double-breasted Dolce & Gabbana coat, black gloves, and a black Mulbury clutch while visiting the Hartvig Nissen School in Norway with Prince William. A burgundy Chanel quilted bag and houndstooth coat by Catherine Walker made the perfect look during the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's royal tour of Sweden.  In a blue Sportmax coat (which she wore at an event in 2015), Séraphine Maternity dress, Beulah London scarf, and navy blue pumps while attending an engagement for Head Together.
 In her latest role, Maggie Gyllenhaal plays an enterprising escort in HBO's new series The Deuce, and heads to the office to showcase the season's hottest trends. The Deuce, HBO’s slick new show about the legalization of the pornography industry in 1970s New York, has a lot of big-ticket items going for it: a cozy premium-cable home; the guidance of showrunner David Simon, who also created the acclaimed series The Wire; James Franco playing twin brothers in seedy pre-Giuliani Times Square. But all of that pales in comparison to Maggie Gyllenhaal’s star turn as Candy Merrell, a Times Square sex worker who gets drawn into the emergent porn industry—as a behind-the-scenes player. For our October issue, Gyllenhaal celebrated Candy’s entrepreneurial spirit by embodying a different sort of working woman in the season’s best suits. In between takes, we asked her some questions about her meaty new role. HARPER'S BAZAAR: What drew you to the project, initially? MAGGIE GYLLENHAAL: I think it had something to do with Michelle MacLaren, who directed the pilot and also the last episode. It was her who kind of said to David and George, "You should meet Maggie." So she made the introduction. Then we all had a great meeting in New York, where I had read the first three episodes, which were all that was written when we began shooting. HB: What was it about those first three episodes and the character? There’s quite an arc to the first eight episodes, and after Episode 5, it really changes her identity. MG: One thing I was really drawn to in the very first episode is, often, when you see a portrayal of a prostitute, you only get the element of her life at work. You don't get to see the rest of her. Right away in the first episode, there's a very explicit scene where I say to that kid, "This is my job.” I loved that idea. You do get to see her as a daughter, and a mother, and a businesswoman, I think, even in the beginning. And an artist. You see her in relation to all of those things. Prostitution is just one aspect of that. And a lover of someone who she's actually chosen, and sex is not transactional. You see all of it. I was compelled by that. I was compelled also by the quality of the writing. I think it's rare to find writing that good. That's what we had to talk about when we met: What is the story you're telling, and how can this be fit into it, and how does she shift and change? How is she empowered and disempowered? How do those affect each other? We talked about all of that. I think it was important to me—because it is such a delicate subject matter in 2017—to be a part of the storytelling, and to have a guarantee that I would be a part of the storytelling.   HB: Can you talk about the idea of how you see her as an artist? Where do you see that manifesting in the early episodes? MG: I think in the early episodes, this was me pushing some of this into what was there in the script. After we started shooting and they saw what I was doing, I started seeing those things actually explicitly in the script. But I think in the second episode, where I go to make my first porn and I'm thinking that it's not-very-well-paid sex work I'm kind of doing as a favor to a friend—once I get in that room, I think that Candy has a kind of a ... it's almost like the birth of an artist. She's totally consumed by what's happening with the lights, by the sounds, by what happens when you take the frame of a camera and you put it around something that you've known your whole life, that you're expert in. How does it change it? How does it shift it? How does it lift it up? Something has woken up in her, and she can't put it back to sleep.  HB: Did you do research for the role, in terms of talking to actual sex workers and porn stars from the period? MG: I did, yeah. Right before we started shooting the pilot, I was like, "I need to talk to a prostitute. I have so many questions." And Nina Noble, who is the third in the triumvirate of George Pelecanos and David Simon, who's their producing partner—I was like, "Nina, how do I find a prostitute to talk to?" She hooked me up with this woman, Annie Sprinkle, who is kind of a sex activist, or performer, but she was a prostitute in the '70s. We talked a lot. She gave me a lot of nitty-gritty details and answered a lot of questions I had, but she also introduced me to all of these women who were either prostitutes or involved in the beginning of porn in the early '70s.   HB: What were your burning questions that you wanted to ask these women to help you better understand how to get into character? MG: Mostly I just let them talk. But I had some basic questions for Annie, like, "How many men do you sleep with a night? What do you do if it's extremely cold outside?" I mean, research-type things. HB: What are the challenges of playing a sex worker? What do you see as the stigmas, still, that these women face today? MG: I think that, in many cases, being a prostitute requires a huge amount of disassociation. I think it's very difficult to keep your mind intact and awake, and vibrant, when you have to disassociate so much. Not impossible, clearly, because some of the women that I talked to were totally able to do it, but I think a lot of people aren't, and I think the consequences can be really dire. But Candy can. Candy's somebody who has her mind intact.  HB: How did it feel to be depicting such a radically different New York City, even though it wasn't so very long ago? MG: I guess in a way, because there were so many great movies made in New York in the ‘70s, I think there is this fantasy that it was this incredible time. I know it was lawless and dirty, and darker in a way than it is now, probably. I was born in '77, and my parents lived in the Lower East Side. I was a baby, and then I moved to LA, so I don't really have a lot of memories of Times Square from that time. I have a memory of being seven, and visiting my aunt Frieda and uncle Murray in New York, and they took me to see a Broadway play. We were driving in Times Square in a taxi, and I remember them talking in Yiddish, and I couldn't understand Yiddish. They were saying something, and then they would say "ladies of the night." I asked them, "What's that?" And they kind of shamed me: "Shush. We don't talk about that." It's a memory that really stuck with me, because of course “ladies of the night” is such an interesting phrasing. HB: Yeah. That's quite a phrasing. It's an impact like, "What does that mean, 'ladies of the night'?" MG: One of the books I really liked was called Ladies of The Night. It was a photography book made in '71, I think. It was just transcriptions of conversations with prostitutes in New York, and then photographs of them. Pretty much everyone said, "We're fine, we’re choosing this, we even like it," or "There are lots of things about this life that we like. It's great." And then there will be tiny little unconscious contradictions all the way through, which I also found with talking to a lot of the women that I talked to. In fact, I was really straight with Annie, who says she's a sexual healer. I was like, "Okay. But what about the other side? What about the dark side? It's a hard life to have sex with eight to 10 men a night. That's hard physically, let alone emotionally.” And sometimes people were willing to have that conversation, but more often than not, that wasn't really the tack that they were taking with me. It was about sexual freedom and sexual excitement. That's sort of how they wanted to talk about it. I mean, when we were making the show, it was the wind-up to the presidential election in 2016. And to be thinking about misogyny, to be thinking about sexism and the compromises that we have to make as women with our minds, with our bodies, with our money, with our art—they were real, even before Donald Trump was elected. They were a part of everything. It's just that I think they're way more on the table now.  HB: Do you feel that it's important for you, now, to speak out when we can't take all these things for granted that we did this time last year? MG: I don't know. It's so easy to retweet things that are interesting and political on Twitter. It's another thing to have your own voice, and to think and say things that are important to you. Sometimes, I want to talk about all of them, and other times I don’t want to say anything. I just want people to watch it and see what vibrates inside them. Model: Eric Rutherford; Hair: Serge Normant for Serge Normant Hair Carel Makeup: Justine Purdue for Nars Cosmetics; Manicure: Gina Edwards for Chanel Le Vernis; Production: 360PM; Prop styling: Michael Sturgeon This article originally appears in the October 2017 issue of Harper's Bazaar, available on newsstands September 26. 
 The open air show was hit by a rainstorm. Taking place just outside Paris at the Musée Vivant du Cheval à Chantilly, Dior's Cruise 2019 show was hit by a rainstorm, but even the weather couldn't halt proceedings. And while Chanel's Cruise 2019 show featured an actual cruise ship, Dior had horses walking the runway alongside models.  The historic venue, which was built in the 18th century for Louis Henri de Bourbon, saw the show take place in the open air, which meant that Dior's models literally walked in the rain. Guests were given umbrellas as they entered, and a combination of bad traffic and weather delayed the show's start time by almost two hours.  Witness the splendor of the Cruise 2019 show venue moments before the guests arrive and the highly-anticipated collection is unveiled. Click on the link in bio to ensure you experience it live as it happens!  #DiorCruise A post shared by  Dior Official (@dior) on May 25, 2018 at 11:17am PDT As WWD notes, the show's display by Mexican rodeo riders was emblematic of the collection, as the "fearlessness of the sport taps right into Maria Grazia Chiuri's love for strong women." The publication described Dior's Cruise 2019 collection as combining "the finest of Latin American and European equestrian tradition."   Not everyone was a fan of the horses though, as Paris Jackson was spotted leaving the show only minutes in, presumably out of concern for animal welfare. Dior's press release about the show noted that Maria Grazia Chiuri was "inspired by the Amazons and more particularly the escaramuzas: Mexican female riders who practice an art traditional reserved for men while asserting their femininity, wearing full skirts and imposing hats." The collection featured a plethora of embroidered bags and purses: Accessories included a selection of hats, and animal-themed bags: The models were unperturbed by the unfavorable weather: Despite the journey to the rural location, and the slightly problematic open air setting, celebs also flocked to watch the show: If anything, the inclement only added to the show's atmosphere. Here, Maria Grazia Chiuri walks the runway:  
 Shop the skirt your summer wardrobe is missing—and your fall one, too...  The denim mini, is in fact, a classic masquerading as a trend piece. It can be done up in light wash or dark wash denim, black, or white, printed or distressed, edgy or polished. You can wear it with a feminine blouse, a menswear inspired jacket, with double denim, with a simple tee. In a shocking turn of events, the denim maxi skirt has staged a recent comeback. See what else is happening in the land of chic denim skirts. A long white skirt makes for an unexpected summer staple. We love it with a simple black tank and low white sandals. Just add minimal basics for a chic '90s inspired look. A denim pencil skirt gives that workwear-meets-weekend-wear vibe we're always searching for.  This slim fit pencil skirt can be worn with a bodysuit and flat sandals to lunch, and paired with a blazer and heels for a work day. What's not to love about a slightly slouchy, light wash maxi skirt? We love the denim on denim pairing by Sylvie Mus. We love this summer-ready skirt. It's so light-weight, we're picturing it with a maillot for post-beach cocktails. Tessa Thompson takes a simple jean skirt and black tank look to high fashion places thanks to a full-skirted silhouette and major accessories, all by Miu Miu. This skirt is already #extra thanks to some studding, but that doesn't mean you can't also wear a major earring with it. This look basically swaps jeans for a mini skirt to lend more interest to your go-to basics. And a leopard print bag is always a good idea. This mini is a true classic for those with a bit of the wild child in them. A black mini makes a great base for bold pieces like this oversized blazer. Simple thong sandals ground the whole idea. If you want to go super mini, keep it classic black. In case you were wondering if the ever-lengthening denim skirt trend had legs, look ahead to Celine Fall 2019 for proof that it's just getting started. 
 She passed away just hours after her husband.  Judith Leiber, the designer behind fashion's most ornate minaudières, passed away at the age of 97 on Saturday in New York, WWD reports. The designer died just hours after the death of her husband of 72 years, Gerson Leiber, also aged 97. Both Leibers died of natural causes at their home.  Best known for her bejeweled and luxurious handbags that doubled as works of art, Leiber's designs have been carried by everyone from Greta Garbo to Diana Ross, Sarah Jessica Parker, and a number of First Ladies including Barbara Bush and Hillary Clinton. Her work has also been displayed at a wide range of museums including The Smithsonian and The Metropolitan Museum of Art.  Born in 1921 in Budapest, Hungary, Leiber was a Holocaust survivor who moved to the United States at the end of World War II right after marrying Gus Leiber.  Her experience hiding in a crammed apartment in order to survive the Holocaust helped inspire her future career in design, "There were 26 people in a one bedroom apartment. It was pretty terrible. I designed handbags in my head to get through the misery," Leiber told BAZAAR.com.  After selling handmade bags to members of the armed forces in Hungary, Leiber went on to work for several handbag manufacturers in New York before launching her own namesake brand in 1963. Ten years later, she became the first woman in her field and first accessories designer to win a Coty award. In 1993, she then won the Lifetime Achievement award from the Council of Fashion Designers of America—marking the first time the award was given to a handbag designer. In 2005, The Leiber Collection Museum opened in East Hampton, New York. The space showcases both the works of Judith and Gerson Leiber, who was an abstract painter. The grounds, which include six acres of ornate sculptural gardens, display many of Leiber's most luxurious handbags from the past several decades—many of which sold for upwards of $4,000 and $5,000. 
 It's a good day when Chanel goes Nautical... Since Chanel invented the concept of the Cruise collection specifically for holiday in Biarritz, it's only fitting that the brand show its most recent one beneath the hull of a ship that appeared to be heading right about there straight from the Grand Palais. The La Pausa liner was docked for the duration of the runway show, 88 looks of pure nautical delight—complete with shark tooth, wave and boat prints, big round sunglasses, white tights and berets in tweed, cotton or sequins, all of done up in white, black, pastel shades, and sunset worthy pinks and blues. See the collection in full...
 The supermodels are longtime friends of artistic director Kim Jones.   Just last week Louis Vuitton’s menswear artistic director, Kim Jones announced the Fall 2018 collection would be his final for the French house. Jones has been the mastermind behind Vuitton's streetwear sensibility—introducing sneakers and track pants and eventually, the larger than life Supreme collaboration. The designer, who has been at the helm since 2011 took his final bow today in Paris with not one but two supermodels. Jones invited longtime friends Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss to close out the show.  Both supermodels wore Louis Vuitton monogram print trench coats in black and brown (we can already imagine the growing waitlist). Jones, Campbell and Moss all wore matching black combat boots. On January 16th Kate Moss celebrated her 44th birthday in London. She last hit the runway with Naomi Campbell last May for Campbell's charity show, Runway for Relief during the Cannes Film Festival.  There has been no news yet on who will replace Jones at Louis Vuitton. 
 Princess Margaret's museum-worthy 21st birthday dress is also on display. The Victoria & Albert (V&A) museum in London is celebrating the legacy of legendary French couturier Christian Dior with the launch of an upcoming exhibition titled "Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams." The exhibit, which is open to the public on Saturday, February 2, features over 500 pieces (including 200 couture gowns) ranging from 1947 to the present day, spotlighting the stunning creations of Dior and his six successors since then. According to Fashionista, this is the brand's largest exhibition yet in the U.K., and is  60 percent larger than the brand's 2018 couture exhibit in Paris titled "Christian Dior: Couturier du Reve."The pièce de résistance of the captivating collection is a gown Princess Margaret, sister of Queen Elizabeth II, sported on her 21st birthday. According to The Standard, the dress is on loan to the V&A by the Museum of London.Oriole Cullen, the V&A's fashion and textiles curator, said in a statement that “in 1947, Christian Dior changed the face of fashion with his ‘New Look,’ which redefined the female silhouette and reinvigorated the post-War Parisian fashion industry. More than seventy years after its founding, the V&A’s exhibition will celebrate the enduring influence of the House of Dior and uncover Dior’s relationship with Britain.” The exhibit also features custom pieces explicitly made for the red carpet, such as Jennifer Lawerence's red gown for the Oscars. Also on display are Christian Dior’s personal possessions, accessories, fashion photography, film, vintage perfume, original make-up, and illustrations. Flip through to get a taste of the collection.  Two beautiful gowns are on display at the V&A Museum, including Princess Margaret's gold dress (on the left) made for her 21st birthday. A closer look at the iconic Bar Suit. Princess Margaret's 21st birthday gown sits in the center display surrounded by other breath-taking Christian Dior haute couture gowns. Princess Margaret once presented Christian Dior with a scroll with an Honorary Life Membership of the British Red Cross.  A plethora of couture gowns line the room, with a gorgeous creme and multicolor evening gown at the center of the space. An array of sparkling pink gowns boasting a mix of embellishments, bows, and tulle are on display. A collection of metallic gowns stand on display at the V&A Museum.  From a sheer sparkling hater dress with an ornate pair of space-age sunglasses to an elegant beaded strapless gown with a lady-like  floral headband, the collection shows off some of the most impressive pieces from the French label. This incredible silk tulle dress is from Dior's current creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri's Spring/Summer 2018 Haute Couture runway collection.  Nine pieces from the Christian Dior by Yves Saint Laurent era. From soft blush to attention-grabbing red creations, a variety of bright dresses and accessories are on display. This all-white room features a mix of long-sleeve and sleeveless classic creations.  An in-depth look at the stunning all white pieces are perfectly aligned against the walls and housed behind glass windows.  During the brand's Yves Saint Laurent era (1954-1960), the design savant created plenty of stunning looks. Every color of the rainbow, plus classic black, white, and neutral hues are featured throughout the exhibit.   A variety of vermillion and red satin shoes with floral accents at the toe cap on display at the "Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams" exhibit.  An onlooker checks out the five pieces on display including a floral dress, red and grey suiting, and a white above-the-knee dress. A variety of dresses and a stunning red coat are on display amidst a modern light display.  Projections of Raf Simons (creative director of Dior from 2012-2015) and Maria Grazia Chiuri are displayed above a group of gowns.  A diverse array of dresses line the corridors of the "Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams" exhibit.  A mix of colorful dresses and separates are on display in London at the prestigious V&A Museum.  Princess Margaret's 21st birthday gown takes center stage in a room with a wall filled with stunning haute couture dresses.  An Écarlate  silk faille afternoon dress, from the Autumn-Winter 1955 Haute Couture collection, Y line. A lady-like cream sleeveless above-the-knee dress with bow accents at the shoulders. Nothing pulls together suiting like a complimentary hat. On the left, fur accents add a luxe vibe to the outfit while on the right, the pops of color adds modernity.  A painting of Princess Margaret hangs across from the striking gown she wore to her 21st birthday celebration.  This display features sketches, vintage photographs, and shoes from the luxury French house. The teal and gold embroidery of this Victorian long sleeve dress walks the perfect line between old-world charm with modern style sensibilities.   A metallic gold baroque neck collar stands out against a fuchsia puff sleeve top.  Bold red suiting featuring a pleated cape and an intriguing pair of tonal sunglasses.  Maria Grazia Chiuri designed  a breathtaking silk tulle dress for the  Spring/Summer 2018 Haute Couture show, which comes with a matching fan. 
 Cheer up with these chic pieces.  Bright rainbow stripes are no longer confined to the warm-weather seasons — and we aren't complaining! Shop these stylishly striped gifts that show you how to live life in full color and rock this vivacious trend just right.  Attico dress, $2,805, netaporter.com BUY NOW Charlotte Simone scarf, $238, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Fenty Beauty by Rihanna eyeshadow palette, $59, sephora.com BUY NOW Edie Parker case, $45, netaporter.com BUY NOW Christian Louboutin shoe, $2,395, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Christian Louboutin wallet, $581, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Vintage Confections lollipops, $55, ahalife.com BUY NOW Cinque Terre, Italy  BOOK NOW Fendi shoe, $995, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Tom Dixon diffuser, $115, netaporter.com BUY NOW Ashish dress, $1,395, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Sugarfina candy trunk, $200, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Seletti plate, $78, houzz.com BUY NOW Christian Louboutin boot, $945, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Santi bag, $55, shopbop.com BUY NOW L'Occitane advent calendar, $69, sephora.com BUY NOW Deborah Lippmann nail polish, $20, amazon.com BUY NOW Ef Collection ring, $685, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Gucci skirt, $1,600, netaporter.com BUY NOW Dylan's Candy Bar box, $26, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Edie Parker bag, $1,895, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW The Bouqs Co. bouquet, $55, bouqs.com BUY NOW Milk Bar confetti cookie mix, $5, target.com BUY NOW Laura Mercier essentials collection, $125, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Ashish dress, $1,812, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Gucci shoe, $1,890, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Fendi bag charm, $650, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Hermès perfume set, $116, saksfifthavenue.com BUY NOW Allude sweater, $256, farfetch.com BUY NOW Fendi wallet, $662, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW
 Stuck in a jeans and t-shirt rut? Get inspired by our gallery of the best denim looks worn by the most stylish stars and models.  Whether dark-washed or cut off, dressed up or casual, these chic celebs know how to do denim. Get inspired by their blue jean looks, plus see more celebrity style here. Irina Shayk elevates the model-off-duty look with a mini skirt and coordinating jacket Fenty.  Fenty dress (worn as jacket), $850, fenty.com; SHOP NOW Fenty skirt, $360, fenty.com. SHOP NOW Sometimes we want our denim to stand out a little, or a lot if you're Kendall Jenner.   Denim on denim gets a sexy twist with a bikni top on Karreuche Tran. Olivia Culpo ushers in spring with a pair of high-waisted, cropped AO.LA by alice + olivia jeans style with a white smocked top, Saint Laurent bag, and matching pumps.  AO.LA by alice + olivia, the Good jean, $275, aliceandolivia.com. SHOP Cara Santana keeps it mod in New York styling her baggy jeans with a classic trench with a twist and black and white accessories to match.  Bieber manages to make a hoodie and jeans look elevated with a statement coat, heels and a ladylike bag.  Kaia Gerber shows off her long legs in straight leg jeans with a vintage tee and this season's must-have white booties. Diane Kruger knows how to elevate a casual look—a neck scarf, leather moto jacket and animal print flats give her ensemble real street style star cred.  Zoe Saldana and husband both coordinate some red into their casual outfit. Saldana goes for a bright tee and leopard flats with her black skinny jeans.  Taylor Hill pairs casual black jeans and a white t-shirt with a major pop of pink courtesy of Saint Laurent's cool varsity jacket.  Karlie Kloss keeps her airport look sleek in L'Agence jeans and matching top, with a classic camel coat.  While Jennifer Lawrence tries to stay incognito we couldn't help but notice her perfectly distressed skinny jeans paired with a cozy knit and boots that mean business.  Kourtney Kardashian prefers rocker chic in cropped jeans, band tee and a sweeping velvet cardigan. Karlie Kloss gives her leather mini daytime appeal by added a casual shearling-lined denim jacket.  Dakota Johnson adds a rocker touch to her black skinnies with a studded Gucci moto.  Alessandra Ambrosio keeps in sporty in a silk bomber jacket and color-coordinating kicks with her Mother skinny jeans. Martha Hunt channels the '70s in a femme Paige Denim blouse paired with black jeans and luxe camel coat.  Even Victoria Secret Angel Romee Strijd's airport style is sexy—the model pairs Mother cigarette jeans with a lace top and fringe capelet.  Alessandra Ambrosio keeps it retro in vintage wash denim, paired with an Are You Am I bodysuit and Trussardi trench.  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's uniform of Paige Denim jeans with an Are You Am I bodysuit is the new daytime standard.  Alessandra Ambrosio's summery A.L.C. top paired with Mother flare jeans is exactly what we want to wear all season.  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley proves she does not abide by silly style rules, pairing her black Paige Denim jeans with a printed navy blouse.  Romee Strijd brings a little country style to the city in a Madewell denim dress and handerchief scarf.  Bella Hadid goes for the easy summer uniform, a bodysuit by Are You Am I and denim mini skirt.  Alessandra Ambrosio dresses up the denim mini with a button down shirt and sexy Schutz sandals.  Bella Hadid ahead of the trends in her Frame Denim two-tone jeans with coordinating crop top and Dior purse.  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley puts a sexy spin on her  Paige Denim skinny jeansand silk blouse with brown lace up Aquazzura sandals. Alexa Chung plays with proportions in a denim mini skirt and voluminous off-the-shoulder top.  Elsa Hosk looks effortless in body-hugging overalls and a plain white tee. 
 From the wings to the Swarovski Fantasy Bra to a collaboration with Mary Katrantzou.  For the first time in three years, the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show made its return to the states. Held in New York City, this year's lingerie-filled event featured an array of looks from the brand's signature wings to a special collaboration with Mary Katrantzou and the highly-anticipated Swarovski Fantasy Bra (worn by Elsa Hosk this year). Along with runway appearances from all the VS Angels (including Adriana Lima's last time walking the show), Gigi, Bella, and Kendall all walked this year's show in addition to 18 new models who made their Victoria's Secret debut. Click through to see every runway look from the night ahead of the show's airing on ABC on Sunday, December 2. Adriana Lima Grace Bol Elsa Hosk Lais Riberio Sui He Barbara Fialho Cindy Bruna Romee Strijd Sara Sampaio Kendall Jenner Behati Prinsloo Stella Maxwell Bella Hadid Cheyenne Maya Georgia Fowler Ming Xi Kelsey Merritt Subah Koj Sadie Newman Estelle Chen Martha Hunt Candice Swanepoel Barbara Fialho Herieth Paul Lorena Rae Grace Elizabeth Stella Maxwell Shanina Shaik Jourdana Phillips Jasmine Tookes
 File under: news you can use... You can hardly stumble down a street in a major city without seeing at least one Staud bag. Those boxy little retro-inspired gems and adorable buckets are just the sort of price-point approachable, chic It item that style-savvy ladies want in their arsenals. Sarah Staudinger is banking on her uncanny ability to create cool, collectible accessories with a new line of footwear, launching today.  The spring collection of six classic sandals styles share that same streamlined, minimal-but-not-boring vibe as her bags. And because shoes are meant to be tried on, Staud is opening its New York showroom from March 1 to May 15 by appointment-only so customers can "shop the showroom." Hint: it's also very Instagram-worthy, much like Staud gear itself. Below hear from Staudinger on her new venture and why shoes are basically in her DNA.  Why were shoes the next category you wanted to delve into? When we initially launched in 2015, we released two styles but then decided to put shoes on hold and focus our attention to handbags. I think there’s something missing from the market right now in footwear. My Mom was actually a footwear designer back in the 70’s. She loves shoes and was constantly leaving little sketches around the house, so it was pretty much inevitable. What was the inspiration? 70’s in terms of our uppers but heel heights are definitely more 90’s inspired. The idea is that they feel timeless though, so they don’t pull from any one decade in particular or one source of inspiration. These are classic styles that have just enough flirt to them. From collection to collection you will see more of that come through in terms of color and print and fun novelty elements. How do they fit into the Staud story? To me they kind of speak the same language as our handbags. They are both timeless and fun. We took elements from our handbags and incorporated them into our footwear. The Bille wedge has a PVC strap calling back to the Shirley, the Keith comes in our classic croc embossed leather and the colorways sit with our Spring RTW pallet—a balance between neutrals and pops (of color).  The Hutton A post shared by  S T A U D (@staud.clothing) on Feb 25, 2019 at 2:16pm PST You just did your first runway show. It was so fun with models and dancers bringing so much energy down the catwalk. How would you explain your approach to the runway? For me, it’s a really important collection because fashion is not just about the way clothes make you feel, but the way people move in the clothes…It’s all about real people living…their best lives. We wanted a sense of playfulness and fun, not have it feel too serious, which is the STAUD girl to me. and email appt@staud.clothing to make an appointment at the New York showroom.
 The Aussie actress hopped on a boat, put on her J12, and talked about life after 30. Phoebe Tonkin has been acting for half of her life, starting with a teen show in her native Australia. The now-30-year-old has built up an impressive acting CV since then and is also known to her 5.2 million followers as an especially beautiful Instagram influencer. Tonkin can also add Chanel ambassador to her list of titles. The Parisian house staged a French seaside takeover on Shelter Island in the Hamptons this past weekend to fete its popular J12 watch. BAZAAR.com took this picturesque opportunity to shoot the New York-based Australian on a Chanel-branded sailboat and to ask Tonkin some questions about social media, her career, and what else when we're all here for a watch? Time.  Phoebe Tonkin: I started acting when I was about 15. I was taking all the drama classes and acting courses. I auditioned for Home and Away—I don't know if Americans know about Home and Away—and didn't get it. And the second thing I auditioned for was a kid show called H2O. And that took me away from my kind of normal childhood, teenage adolescence for three years to shoot three seasons of it in the Gold Coast—I was Sydney based. And then from there, I kind of … I don't know if I fell in love with acting so much as I fell in love with the world of what making film and TV was and is. I just love being on set. I feel like, I mean, I'm 30 now, the first set I was on, I was 15. So half of my life I've been on a set, and it's so familiar to me. I feel so comfortable. I think I fell in love with the world of telling stories. H20 was quite popular in Australia and then got bought by Netflix over here. But in terms of what I feel like changed my own kind of trajectory in terms of just personally how I felt about working, it was a show called Safe Harbour that's on Hulu. I shot it about two years ago and it just … I don't know, I think it just rejuvenated my passion for telling stories again, and why I love doing it, and the impulsivity, and the just passion. It was a very small budget, with just some of the most incredible talents and creative in Australia all involved in it. It was just so inspiring to me, and every day was such a treat to be on set, even when I wasn't working, I just absorbed everything I saw. Yeah. Safe Harbour was the one, at least as an adult, that really kind of reshaped where I wanted to go with my career. I met Ilona Hamer [who styled this shoot] about nine years ago at a Chanel event in Australia that I was invited to—Ilona helped style me for it. And then a few years later, she was shooting something for Chanel and she had all of these samples in her apartment. Our friend Adrian [Mesko] was a photographer and we'd all had a glass of wine or something, and Ilona said, "Why don't we shoot Phoebe in some of these samples and Adrian can shoot it?" It was just the three of us sitting at her apartment, and she took the photos, put them on her blog, and sent them to Chanel in Australia. And that was sort of how I got properly introduced. And then from then, I shot a few covers and editorials, and went to a few shows. But I became an ambassador last year. I think there's something really kind of timeless and classic and elegant, but still sort of strong and a little rebellious about the Chanel woman. And I like being part of a brand that really wants you to feel and look like yourself, while still sort of being a face, or a representation of the house. That you can style the clothes in a way that you would wear them, as opposed to being put in full head-to-toe looks. And even today, this shoot is exactly how I would probably be going on a boat—except with more Chanel. It's totally a love. Personally, I think that there should be no likes, because I think that's where the trouble is. I think maybe not for people in the public eye, but for young people. I just can't imagine being 13 and my friends are all getting, like, 49 likes, and I'm getting 14 likes. It's just horrible. You're gauging how popular you are, quite literally, by a number. But for me, I try to use it like as a scrapbook, and I feel really lucky. I get to do a lot of really fun things, and I get to share that with people. And I always say to people not to take it too seriously. Like, my life doesn't look like what it looks like on Instagram, obviously. I think no one really shows that true, true life. Otherwise, it would be a pretty miserable place. Or maybe I'm being really cynical. I think take it with a grain of salt. I think Instagram should be looked at like a magazine—like you're looking at an editorial version of someone's life. And obviously, there are aspects of it that are true, and then there are aspects of it that are shinier, and aspects of people that are trying to prove something. But I think if you can find a healthy relationship with it, which is what I try to find, like I have a cap on it that I can only use it for a certain amount of time. All because it's such time wasted. You're scrolling and you're like, "This is my teacher's dog's Instagram influencer's auntie, someone." I can just get on these tangent holes and have no idea of how I got there. I think as long as you look at it for what it is and not take it like comparing your life to someone else's, I think it can be good.  Right? I really challenged a lot of people. See? That's where I find, for me, Instagram is really tricky, because I don't think some people realize the power of their influence. And it's so fine to have fun and to do silly things, and no one's perfect in any way. But I do think if you do have that reach, why not try and inspire someone to do something really, really positive? So, you know, if those things take off, and you've got kids trying to mimic and replicate that, what an amazing opportunity to take that on and turn it on its head and be like, "Hey, you know what's super cool? Saving the environment. That's so cool." I nearly lost my robe during that video. But that was fun.  This is the NEW BOTTLE CAP CHALLENGE okay? IRL Slow mo and everything! Let’s stop making silly challenges and killing our ocean friends! K cool! #reusable #waterbottlechallenge @kleankanteen 🖤 A post shared by  Phoebe Tonkin (@phoebejtonkin) on Jul 9, 2019 at 6:39am PDT I'm going to say the last year has been pretty inspiring for me, just in terms of—now I'm going to get very hippy-dippy—what the universe is able to show you, given patience and being open to letting things go and change and be. If I could look back over the last 12, 18 months, as sort of this little map to where I am right now, there's nothing I would change, even though there were some very hard experiences. I think when you look at time as this sort of journey, I think that's a really beautiful way to see that there's no regrets in life and everything happens for a reason. I was on a show for a long time, and I spent a lot of time in Atlanta, and I knew I was going to be in Atlanta for a long time. And that period felt, now when I look back, quite quick. Like, I felt that I closed my eyes and I was 22, and then suddenly I was, like, 27. That whole time was very quick, I think. I mean, any, like, line at the DMV maybe. I don't know. Probably I feel like this year hasn't gone slow, but I definitely have been really taking my time to enjoy it. I think right now is the happiest time. I think 30 is the best. I mean, I've been 30 for a week. I was really excited to turn 30. I think even though it's just a number, there's just something kind of, I don't know, momentous about a new decade in your life. And I really think this is going to be a good one for me.  I think when I feel my best, it's when I feel creatively fulfilled and satisfied, and challenged. I feel loved and respected by the people in my life, whether that's boyfriends or friends. And when I feel like I'm, in turn, being loving and kind and grateful and also being healthy. Getting a lot of ocean swims in a day. I have to say this past weekend when all my girlfriends, well, most of my girlfriends, were able to come to New York and spend the weekend with me. I felt very loved. Everyone's sort of busy and got their own lives, and we were all able to just, I don't know, be together. And you realize that girlfriends, no matter what age, no matter what happens, they are always consistent in your life. It's such a good reminder when you go through breakups or through anything in your life … they're always there. And it was just really nice to be surrounded by so many of them.  I would say a consistent compliment is when I'm in the ocean. That's when a boyfriend would be like, "Wow, you look so pretty," if I'm just jumping around in the sea. Maybe it's because I'm happy then.
 We can't stop staring at this outfit. Victoria's Secret x Balmain may be the collaboration on everybody's lips this season, but don't let that distract you from VS's long-running (and equally stunning) partnership with Swarovski. This marks the lingerie brand's 15th anniversary working with the renowned jeweler, and they're celebrating in a big way: One million Swarovski crystals will grace the catwalk through various looks in Shanghai, WWD reports.  Elsa Hosk, a VS Angel since 2015, will be wearing the leading look on the runway, which features 275,000 multicolored crystals, 200 yards of ribbon, hand-beaded jewelry, and 14-pound wings. "It is one of the heaviest wings we have ever made," Monica Mitro, executive vice president, brand communications and events at Victoria’s Secret, told WWD. In addition to its massive wings, the outfit, crafted by Parisian couturier Serkan Cura, includes a bright red bra and panty set, embellished long sleeves, and feathered sandals. "When I found out I was wearing the Swarovski look I was so excited as I’ve always wanted to wear it. I can’t wait to walk down the runway in it," the Swedish model revealed. Hosk follows model Josephine Skriver, who wore the crystal-covered statement piece at last year's VS fashion show in Paris. Hosk's Swarovski ensemble won't be the only extravagant piece hitting the runway; there's also the highly-coveted Fantasy Bra. This year's iteration—modeled by Lais Ribeiro—features handset diamonds, yellow sapphires, and blue topaz in 18 karat gold, for a whopping price tag of $2 million dollars. We can't wait to see all these flashy items on the runway in Shanghai. The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show airs on CBS on November 28.
  The model wore Versace on and off the runway. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Irina Shayk is currently hard at work for Milan Fashion Week.  The busy model just took to the runway for Versace wearing a seriously revealing red minidress. The skimpy chainmail look featured a low-cut V-neck and was adorned with acrylic tassels. Side note: Shayk, looking flawless as ever, is about to inspire your next night out with her neon makeup. Later in the night, Shayk was photographed wearing a crystal mesh Versace minidress on the streets of Milan. She paired the shimmering backless dress with strappy heels and a wet-hair style, and looked elated as she waved to photographers. Model sisters Bella and Gigi Hadid joined Shayk on the runway, as did Cindy Crawford's daughter, Kaia Gerber.   Meanwhile, Jennifer Lopez made her official runway debut when she closed the Versace show wearing a replica of the iconic dress she wore to the Grammys in February 2000. The 50-year-old's jaw-dropping appearance basically broke the Internet while transporting us all back to the turn of the millennium.   @jlo recreates her most iconic red carpet moment in @versace that launched Google image in 2000. —@nicolefritton A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Sep 20, 2019 at 11:54am PDT As the BBC confirmed, Lopez's Grammys look was completely formative, with former Google CEO Eric Schmidt revealing that "there were so many searches for photos of the dress afterwards, it inspired them to create Google Images."
 The mustard two-piece is flawless. Emily Ratajkowski's surprise announcement, that she'd just gotten married to her boyfriend of a few weeks, Sebastian Bear-McClard, was met with excitement from her fans.  To break the news, Ratajkowski shared some sweet wedding snaps on Instagram, which revealed that she'd worn the cutest mustard pantsuit at her wedding. But the best news of all is that her suit is from Zara, and the two-piece retails for around $200.   As the model and actress chose the striking suit for her nuptials, it's highly likely that the items will sell out quickly. But for now, at least, both the vintage-inspired flared pants, and the long belted jacket, are available on Zara's website. While the pants retail for $69.90, the jacket is listed for just $129.  Ratajkowski's choice of wedding outfit might have bucked tradition but, as usual, the model looked completely flawless. She accessorized the eye-catching suit with a black  wide-brimmed hat, with a small veil attached, which will be total inspiration to anyone currently planning their own nuptials. Zara Flared Pants, $69.90 buy now Zara Long Belted Jacket, $129 buy now The Gone Girl star announced her wedding in her Instagram story yesterday with the caption, "Soooo I have a surprise. I got married today." According to reports, Ratajkowski quietly split with her longterm boyfriend Jeff Magid, and started seeing Bear-McClard sometime in 2018. They were spotted together for the first time in February following a dinner date in California. Her husband Bear-McClard is a movie producer who recently worked on Robert Pattinson's Good Time. Next, he'll produce Jonah Hill's Uncut Gems. 
From: Marie Claire US

 The holiday gifts she won't want to return.  Finding the perfect present for the stylish women in your life is no easy feat—but we're here to make the process a little easier this holiday season. From personalized jewelry to glam loungewear essentials and beyond, we rounded up all the best holiday gifts to give any chic woman on your list this season.  An under-$150 Gucci gift? Yes, please. She'll want to wear these logo tights all winter long.  Give her a chic way to display her jewelry collection with this glam tray that looks way more expensive than its price tag.  A light-up vanity and smart mirror all in one—this is a game-changer for any woman's morning beauty routine. It features built-in speakers, full-spectrum color lighting, dim-able lighting modes, and Siri and Google Now voice assistants so you can ask it questions.  Get her on board with the padded headband trend with a plaid iteration that'll take her winter look to the next level.  The perfect personalized gift that doesn't feel cheesy, this necklace shows off her zodiac sign in a subtle, but stylish way. The simple gold pendant works as a statement-making piece whether worn alone or layered with other chains.  Does she need a pair of ultra glamorous pajamas trimmed with feathers in her life? Of course she does.  Choose from 20 different designs—from luxe snake-print to clear or colorful pastels—and customize it with your initials or name for a personalized phone case.  For a timeless, splurge-worthy bag that she'll love and wear forever.  A luxe lipstick always feels like a treat—especially when served up in a Tom Ford tube. Whether nude or a classic red, the shade options are endless no matter who you're buying for. Mejuri$75.00mejuri.com SHOP NOW These delicate pearl hoops have already got the Oprah seal of approval—and for good reason. They're the perfect addition to any look and a fresh take on the classic gold hoop. A splurge-worthy wallet to make swiping your credit card that much more enjoyable.  The perfect knit sweater to cozy up in all winter long for that effortless après-ski look.  For the die-hard Bad Gal Riri fans (aka all of us), this massive new book features photographs of the singer's life and career—and makes the perfect coffee table topper.  Charge your phone, Apple Watch, and AirPods all in one place.  Knee-high boots have claimed their spot as the It shoe of the season. The best part? They're classic and versatile enough to make the perfect gift. This luxe Italian-made pair gets the look just right.   She's already got enough jade rollers to last a lifetime, but this massaging beauty roller will take her skincare routine to the next level. From LA's Nurse Jamie, this roller's massaging stones are meant to energize, enhance, revive, and uplift your skin. For the one who always has "nothing to wear," give the give of a Rent the Runway subscription or gift card. Her wardrobe will thank you later.   A new work bag that's chic enough for her to not dread toting around her laptop every day.  Nine pairs of earrings and cuffs that she can mix and match as she pleases.  Upgrade her lounging style with a pair of ultra cozy fluffy slippers.  The newest must-have fashion coffee table book is here and it spotlights Prabal Gurung's rise to become one of New York's leading designers. With a foreword by Sarah Jessica Parker, the book features imagery and conversations detailing the designer's 10-year career and influence on fashion, activism, and yes—Michelle Obama's iconic inauguration dress.  For the texting addict who's always on their phone, these fingerless cashmere gloves enable all the scrolling—plus they come with an equally cozy cashmere hat.  If she hasn't hopped on the AirPods bandwagon yet, now is the time to convert her (she'll never look back).  It’s a known-fact that buying snow boots is not exactly fun, but when you find a pair that's actually on trend and trimmed with shearling? She’ll be more than happy to receive and counting down to the next snow day.  Suitcases are one of those things we always procrastinate buying for ourselves, making a stylish new luggage set a gift that everyone will appreciate.  Beanies and berets are great, but for when she really wants to feel "FASHUN," this red baker boy hat is the way to go.  For the sunglass lover, the luxe collaboration between Westward Leaning and Alexis Bittar will bring some jewelry-inspired frames to her collection. Or design your own pair of sunglasses from scratch with Westward Leaning's custom design option.  No stylish woman will ever be upset about receiving a new set of Diptyque candles.   Because a one-of-a-kind ring is the ultimate luxury. A two-piece table set that looks way more luxe than its price tag.  
 Bet you didn't know you needed a Saint Laurent whip in your life.  This month, iconic French boutique Colette is sadly closing its doors after 20 years of business. To celebrate its fashion legacy, the concept store is going out with a bang with one last designer collaboration that's filled with pieces worth collecting.  For its grand finale, Colette joined forces with Saint Laurent—a fitting choice as the French fashion house is set to take over the entire Colette building when it closes on December 20. Both edgy and unique, the collaboration includes Saint Laurent fetish toys, skateboards, lighters, high-heeled roller skate boots, and even a YSL-branded Vespa. For the fashionistas who aren't down to invest in Saint Laurent roller skates or skateboards, there are also more traditional pieces like band t-shirts, wallets, handbags, and hoodies. And if you're looking to scoop up a piece of fashion history without breaking the bank, the Colette x Saint Laurent lighters will only set you back $6.  Saint Laurent x Colette lighters, $6, colette.fr. All of the pieces in the collection are signed by Saint Laurent creative director Anthony Vaccarello. Available both online and at Colette's Paris boutique, you can shop the collection now through December 20th. And who wouldn't want to add a Saint Laurent fetish toy to their Christmas list this year?  Shop some of the standouts below:  Saint Laurent x Colette fetish toy, from $296-$467, colette.fr. Saint Laurent x Colette roller skates, $2,371, colette.fr. Saint Laurent x Colette Polaroid camera, $594, colette.fr.  Saint Laurent x Colette skateboard, $231, in store only. 
 But have no fear, Behati Prinsloo, Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid will make their return. Tomorrow some of the biggest names in the modeling world are set to take the stage at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in New York—yet a few notable faces will be missing.  This will be the first year without VS Angel Alessandra Ambrosio. She's walked a total of 17 shows, but officially hung up her wings after the big show in Shanghai. Ambrosio's first show was in 2000 at 20 years old, just a year after fellow Brazilian Adriana Lima's first walk with the lingerie powerhouse. The duo became two of the most famous faces for the Victoria's Secret brand, but Adriana Lima will carry on without her Brazilian bombshell counterpart.  Victoria Secret will also be down another angel, Lily Aldridge. The California-born beauty is currently pregnant with her second child, which she announced on Instagram back in August.   🤗🤗🤗 SURPRISE🤗🤗🤗 A post shared by  Lily Aldridge (@lilyaldridge) on Aug 19, 2018 at 12:22pm PDT The 32-year-old Angel is married to Kings of Leon frontman Caleb Followill, and already share a 6-year-old daughter together named Dixie.  On the other hand, several top names missing from last year will return to the lingerie extravaganza this year. Behati Prinsloo will finally make her return after a 3-year hiatus while she had two daughters with husband Adam Levine of Maroon 5.  Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid who skipped out on last year's Shanghai show will also hit the runway again in New York City tomorrow. Toni Garrn and Shanina Shaik are also a few names who have been missing from recent years and are excited to strut their stuff. 
 Keep it warm, keep it cool... From romantic designs, to the perfect cream cableknits, and classic turtlenecks, shop the knitwear that will keep you bundled up throughout fall and winter. Explore new and interesting trends, or invest in a forever piece that will keep you cozy forever.  The bra top and cardi duo is a new classic. Evie bralette, $125, nakedcashmere.com. SHOP NOW A girl can never go wrong with a great cableknit. We're seeing this little blue beauty with a plaid skirt for that full '90s look. The rule is simple, go big or go home—and maybe layer some Heat Tech underneath. Brighten up even the grayest winter days. It's officially back, and better than ever. Make the chilly season as pretty as you want it to be. A bold shoulder and chunky vibe makes this a very fashion-forward knit. A little polkadot goes a long way to bringing a little something special to your jeans and sweaters looks. This extended-size sweater hits all the classic boxes—black, v-neck, and cozy. Stripes and a little bling, with a bit of neon? Be as bold as you need to be. Wear with light wash denim and lighten up the whole day.  A turtleneck sweater to be worn with everything from slip skirts to wide-leg denim and your go-to chinos. Like a seaside escape in a sweater.  While every closet would benefit from a good black turtleneck sweater this one lends that perfect little detail. Oversized, cozy, and cropped, sign us up. Bring a little whimsy to winter. Make all your apres-ski dreams come true.  The robe knit is officially back and ready to keep you warm and chic, This is the kind of knit you can pair with trousers for work and jeans for brunch without skipping a chic beat. A truly bold but not over-the-top moment.  By Marlene Birger sweater, $395, 11Honore.com. SHOP NOW As versatile as it is cool.
 The brand is the latest to ditch a traditional runway show.  Pictured above: Caroline Murphy Tali Lennox, Selah Marley  Joining a growing list of designers, rag & bone is the latest brand to skip New York Fashion Week this season. Unlike those moving their shows to Paris or Los Angeles, however, rag & bone is ditching the runway altogether for Spring 2018. Instead, the New York based brand will hold private appointments for press and release a charitable photo project to the public.  The photo project is a series of self-portraits featuring Carolyn Murphy, Selah Marley, Georgia Fowler, Bobby Cannavale, Maye Musk, Tali Lennox, and more. Along with taking their own self-portrait, each of the subjects selected a charity for rag & bone to make a donation to. As a result, over 20 organizations will receive donations including the Lupus Foundation of America, Earth Justice, Open Door Foundation, Oceana, and hurricane relief efforts for The American Red Cross and the Houston Humane Society. As the fashion calendar continues to shake up, trading in a runway show for a philanthropic endeavor certainly feels like a welcome change within the industry. As for the brands still showing at New York Fashion Week? Given the current political landscape, there's no doubt many of them will use the runway to make their own positive statements this season.  See some of rag & bone's portraits below:   See more of the portraits and charities donated to on rag & bone's Instagram:  Tali by Tali in our Spring/Summer 2018 collection in support of the #AnnieLennoxFoundation  #rbphotoproject #RBgiveback  @talilennox styled by #MelanieWard A post shared by  rag & bone (@ragandbone) on Sep 7, 2017 at 11:15am PDT
 Because what you pack in it is only half the story... How does the saying go? Keep your cool and carry a good beach bag? Shop 17 that do the trick. Because it doesn't get cooler than Saint Laurent and a maillot. Saint Laurent bag, $1,050, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A little color goes a long way in the summer... Loeffler Randall bag, $350, net-a-porter.com. SHOP We love a bag with a some movement—all the better to pick up the ocean breeze... Kayu bag, $125, net-a-porter.com SHOP We're seeing this bag right at home on the Italian riviera.  Miu Miu bag, $920, matchesfashion.com. SHOP   The textural elements on this charming cotton bag feels right on time... Antonello Tedde bag, $424, matchesfashion.com. SHOP A sleek vibe in Millenial pink makes for an ultra-modern approach to beach dressing. Gucci bag, $980, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Sometimes a girl just has to go luxe... Chanel bag, $2, 900, available at select Chanel Boutiques nationwide, call (800) 550 0005.   This crustacean-happy bag lets you take your New England vibes to any beach of your choosing... Aranaz bag, $195, shopbop.com. SHOP While not technically a beach bag, we love the idea of seeing this little bucket on a terrycloth towel next to some cat-eyes. Mozh Mozh Cupis Bag, $230, mozhmozh.com. SHOP This little basket goes from the beach to the pool bar without missing a chic beat.  Poolside bag, $175, wearpoolside.com. SHOP Because classic is not boring... J.Crew bag, $60, jcrew.com. SHOP For those girls who think black is the new black, we've got a bag for you... Sensi Studio bag, $180, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Why don't you match your beach bag to your top, to your skirt? Ganni top, $145, skirt, $225, and bag, $115, ganni.com, launching May 7. SHOP Color us happy in this collectible Christian Dior bag.. Dior bag, price upon request, dior.com for details. SHOP Embrace the pretty with a flowered bag.  Fendi bag, price upon request, $2,390, fendi.com. SHOP We don't know whether to bring this to the beach or the farmer's market but we know it will look great either way.  Rouje bag, $145, rouje.com. SHOP Keep the rest of your look fresh to death with the chicest summer staples... Marysia x Lola Hats, $335, available May 15, marysia.com. SHOP Zimmermann suit, $375, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Veronica Beard sandals, $375, shopbop.com. SHOP
 The "Foam" platform shoes have proven to be a big hit. The spring/summer 2018 collections introduced the fashion circuit to the year's most unlikely "It" shoe—the Croc. And the divisive shoe has finally been given the ultimate stamp of approval.  Christopher Kane first hinted that the rubber sandals were making a comeback, when he debuted rock-emblazoned Crocs at his spring/summer 2017 show. But it was Demna Gvasalia for Balenciaga which sealed the deal, as the designer introduced the FROW to a child-like take on the sandal. And the 10cm "Foam" platform shoes have already proven to be a massive hit with fans after managing to sell out online before they were even officially released. The Balenciaga shoes became available to pre-order on the Barneys website for a cool $850 on February 1, 2018, but sold out within a matter of hours.  Tough luck for those hoping to bag a pair ahead of the next wave of fashion week shows...  And it's an impressive sale for the shoe once dubbed the "dad sandal," but the soar in interest further proves Gvasalia's sartorial pulling power. And with everything from the  label's '80s-inspired spandex leggings, to Ikea-inspired accessories, there's no telling what the designer will convince the millennial set to buy next. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 The designer has a special connection to the couple's history.  Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas' highly-anticipated wedding weekend is here, and it's likely there will be several bridal gown looks to watch for. As we wait for photos to trickle in, one major detail has just been revealed: Priyanka will wear custom Ralph Lauren for at least one, if not more, of her wedding gown looks. Though the designer has yet to confirm the news, multiple sources including People report Priyanka will wear custom Ralph Lauren down the aisle. The actress' choice in designer is especially touching due to the couple's history with the American fashion brand. Both Jonas and Chopra attended the Met Gala together (their first ever red carpet appearance) in custom Ralph Lauren looks back in 2017.   If the rumors are true, Lauren designing Priyanka's wedding gown is a big deal, as the designer has only created bridal looks for his daughter, daughter-in-law, and niece in the past.  Beyond the Met Gala, Chopra and Jonas have worn Lauren's designs on several occasions. After announcing their engagement this summer, the couple attended Ralph Lauren's 50th Anniversary celebration together during New York Fashion Week in September.  The couple is tying the knot with traditional Indian and Christian wedding ceremonies in Jodhpur, India during a multi-day celebration with family and friends this weekend. The wedding is slated to take place at the stunning Taj Umaid Bhawan Palace in Jodhpur and will likely host a slew of star-studded celebrity guests. Now, excuse me as I obsessively refresh Chopra and Jonas' Instagram feeds for the next 48 hours.    Red, white and Bride!!! #Bachelorette A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Nov 5, 2018 at 7:39am PST 
 And her reaction to walking in the same show as Kaia Gerber was priceless. It's been over a week since Versace reunited original '90s supermodels on its Spring 2018 runway, but we're still swooning over the catwalk surprise. In a new interview, Cindy Crawford explained what it was like when she, Naomi Campbell, Claudia Schiffer, Helena Christensen and Carla Bruni joined Donatella Versace in that epic finale. The reunion took Crawford back to her early days of modeling, which she remembers "like it was yesterday," she told The Telegraph. "I haven’t seen Carla in a long time, but the others—it’s different if you catch up over lunch to standing there on a runway," she added. "We all feel part of the Versace family, that brand was such an important part of the beginning of my career." What also made the Versace show special was that it marked Crawford's first time walking with her daughter, Kaia Gerber. This marks the 16-year-old's first time walking during fashion month, and she got to share the catwalk with some runway legends.  "I was booked before Kaia—I don’t think Donatella [Versace] even knew that Kaia was doing shows and we had been talking for months about how many of us could get there for that tribute to [her brother] Gianni," Crawford explained. "When Kaia got the part she said, 'Wait, are we going out together?'" the mother of two later added with a laugh. "I said, 'I hope not, I don’t want to stand next to you, I want to stand with the women my age!' It was pretty cool, that probably won’t happen again, to be in the same show.'" With a supermodel mom, Gerber was exposed to (and became fond of) the modeling industry at a young age. Crawford said her daughter used to "play photoshoot" as a little girl.  "She would come onto the shoots with me, so then if she had a friend over I would dress them up in my clothes and I would do hair and makeup, in five minutes," the super recalled. "I was stylist, hair and make-up and photographer. We have this entrance to our house that has a bridge and that would be their catwalk." Now that she's taking on runways for the first time, Gerber continues to take lessons from her mother, especially when it comes to nailing her walk. "When she decided she wanted to do shows and we agreed, she studied," Crawford explained. "I told her I’m personally not a fan of the vacant stare and robotic walk—that was not how the models of my generation walked. I said I understand that some designers will tell you ‘don't have an expression,’ but my advice is that I think people love seeing personality." It looks like Kaia took her mom's notes to heart.
 The balloon sleeves on her jacket are incredible. Beyoncé has looked amazing in every appearance she's made since the twins were born, and this weekend was no exception. Turning up at the Made in America Festival to watch husband Jay Z, and sister Solange perform, Beyoncé donned a head to toe Gucci look.  Photos of the "Lemonade" singer quickly made it on to social media, highlighting Beyoncé's incredible outfit choice. Beyoncé's look is actually from the Gucci Cruise 2018, "New Renaissance" line: And not just that: this particular Gucci jacket is inspired by Dapper Dan, who The New York Times report, "magnified luxury brands' logomania to larger-than-life proportions, essentially elevated the knockoff to an art unto itself: fashion as sampling." The New York Times also reported, the "fur-lined piece with balloon sleeves created by Mr. Day in the 1980s made use of the Louis Vuitton logo without the brand's permission." Day was sued at the time for using labels' designs without their permission, but now Gucci has turned to his boutique for inspiration, replicating the balloon sleeves almost identically. To complete the outfit, Beyoncé is wearing Gucci's Metallic Leather Kingsnake pumps. Sheer Perfection.  
From: Marie Claire US

 Get your daily source for style delivered straight to your inbox. You've liked us on Facebook for the latest celebrity news, and follow our Instagram for inspiration straight from the runway. But now, we're making it even easier to keep up with BAZAAR's up-to-the-minute fashion, beauty, royals, celebrity, and culture coverage. Welcome to our new newsletter, which delivers BAZAAR.com's biggest stories to your inbox every single day.  Think fashion trends we can't stop talking about; a comprehensive guide to clean beauty; movie and music roundups; the latest on the royal family; inspiration for your next vacation; plus op-eds that dig deep and start a conversation. You can even become a BAZAAR Bride and unlock expert secrets to planning the ultimate wedding. Your daily dose of inspiration and news, all in one place. Enter your email in the box below to subscribe.  Click Here To Join 
 Shop the season's hottest print. Good news for polka dot fans: the resurgence of the spotted print isn't slowing down any time soon. From romantic blouses to statement accessories and retro swimwear, the print is taking over in every form this season. As you transition your wardrobe to rising temperatures, get in on the polka dot craze with these pieces you'll want to wear all season long.  Black and white polka dots ruled the Spring 2018 runways—from the oversized, '80s-inspired iterations at Carolina Herrera to glamorous swim looks at Jacquemus and smaller spots on romantic dresses at Jason Wu.  From left: Carolina Herrera, Jacquemus, Jason Wu Spring 2018 runways Channel the '80s wave of polka dots with puffy statement-making sleeves.  A ruffled midi skirt will take your wardrobe from both spring to summer and day to night.   BELLA dress is BACK 💃🏻 @rouje A post shared by  Jeanne (@jeannedamas) on Jan 29, 2018 at 7:02am PST Borrow a note from the Parisian girls' playbook and opt for the print in an ultra-feminine mini dress.  Transition your wardrobe into spring with a playful polka dot dress that works just as well with white booties as it does with a pair of strappy sandals.  Combining three of this season's hottest trends: slingback pumps, kitten heels, and polka dots, these heels make the perfect addition to your closet.  Try the print for a night out with a sleek black and white dotted jumpsuit.   #OOTD 🖤🖤 @swarovski #ad @fwrd #fwrdtravels A post shared by  Olivia Culpo (@oliviaculpo) on Mar 5, 2018 at 1:43pm PST Keep it casual by tucking a polka dot blouse into a pair of blue jeans à la Olivia Culpo. For a pop of the '80s-esque print, go for a pair of satin slides that will go with virtually everything in your closet.  The 101 Dalmatian-inspired print looks even better on a vacation-ready off-the-shoulder top.  Top off a breezy spring dress or t-shirt with a wide polka dot waist belt.    My @Olay whip review is on the blog. Spoiler alert: this is my second jar.  #FeelTheWhip #TargetBeauty #Sponsored A post shared by  Aimee Song (@songofstyle) on Feb 19, 2018 at 6:43am PST Proving less is more, a silky polka dot camisole and white trousers makes for a sleek, elevated look for spring.  A spotted crop top is a versatile piece for any wardrobe and pairs perfectly with high-waisted skirts or culottes. This one-piece swimsuit can double as a bodysuit perfect for layering into your wardrobe this spring. Wear it with a pair of wide-leg trousers and a cropped jacket or blazer on top.  Keep it chic with a pair of silky wide-leg pants sure to be a statement from day to night.   🖤 #ootn A post shared by  Camila Coelho (@camilacoelho) on Mar 15, 2018 at 6:11pm PDT For a night out, wear the print in the form of a sheer blouse tucked into high-waisted trousers or a skirt. 
 Shop the cult-favorite of Kate Bosworth, Emily Ratajkowski and Margot Robbie Since Brock Collection bursted onto the fashion scene three years ago, they've quickly become the design darlings of the industry. Founders, Kris and Laura Vassar, who met while studying at Parsons, create their collections between their Newport, California home and New York City. The duo have become known for their romantic, Victorian-inspired threads that are sure to make you feel as though you've stepped out of a modern-day Jane Eyre novel no matter which coast you live on. Now with the 2016 CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund award under their belt, including a mentorship by Tom Ford, they've flourished into one of the brands that keeps us excited about New York Fashion Week. Today, the label just became a little bit more accessible, as Net-a-Porter.com has picked up five styles from their stunning Spring 2018 runway show (with more to come) as well as their covetable denim beloved by celebrities like Kate Bosworth, and Emily Ratajkowski.  Brock Collection, $895-$2,490, net-a-porter.com. SHOP To celebrate the occasion, Net-a-Porter and the design duo came together to throw an intimate dinner in Palm Springs back in January, as part of Net-a-Porter's #NETSET West Coast trip with east coast tastemakers like Laura Love, Charlotte Groeneveld and Cyndi Ramirez.  In true Brock fashion, the table was finished with romantic flourishes of white flowers and floral headbands for all their guests. The gorgeous couple also injected another personal touch into the dinner, providing plates from their own china collection in Newport, for everyone to dine off of.  It's clear that the designers pay attention to the details whether it's designing a dress or putting together a dinner party.  They're carefully curating a Brock-kind of lifestyle for their customers to play dress up in. We'll happily live in the Brock-world any day. 
 Are you down with this trend?  This year has been filled with several perplexing denim trends—from those cheeky Vetements x Levi's jeans to Topshop's clear panel jeans and more—but now one of them is getting the ultimate stamp of approval from Bella Hadid.  While in Paris, the model stepped out in an Off-White NASCAR-inspired crop top and Ksenia Schnaider deconstructed jeans with a denim bermuda short overlay. And yes, Bella managed to make frayed denim shorts worn over jeans look cool.  Ksenia Schnaider, the designer of Hadid's jeans, is known for her inventive use of deconstructed denim. Schnaider's pieces include jeans with denim short and skirt overlays, along with an overall version of the look as well.  Picured: Ksenia Schnaider jeans and overalls, SHOP It's yet another trend that would've made any early 2000s It girl happy but the real question is, can the rest of us who aren't Bella Hadid or Paris Hilton circa 2002 pull it off?
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 After Giorgio Armani's most recent show at London Fashion Week, Justine Picardie enjoys a rare audience with the reigning king of Italian sophistication. Early in the morning before Giorgio Armani’s latest couture show in Paris, the maestro is as calm as always, at work with his team in an atelier lined with wardrobe rails of flowing black gowns that make up a significant part of the collection. Every feature is exquisite—intricate crystal beading and embroidery; clouds of dark feathers; fluid layers of tulle and sinuous velvet—while Mr. Armani, watchful and alert as an orchestral conductor, makes his final adjustments to create an elegant symphony that is the purest expression of his prevailing vision of beauty. At 83, he looks remarkably healthy: tanned, trim, and dressed in his signature uniform of a midnight-blue T-shirt and navy trousers. His steady gaze notices everything—as soon as we have greeted one another, he has already taken in the details of what I am wearing (flat ballet pumps, a floral chiffon blouse, and jeans). He refers to these almost immediately, when I ask him about his decision to stage his latest Emporio Armani show during London Fashion Week (to coincide with the reopening of his Bond Street store). “I’ve been away from London for quite some time,” he says. “The city has changed, I’ve changed, and fashion has changed. But what has stayed the same is my desire to express myself. Because in this rapidly changing world, you can be influenced, dragged in one direction or another, and lose your own identity. But I have eyes and ears; I look around and listen, and I’ve noticed that you wear jeans in a beautiful way, which maybe 10 years ago you wouldn’t have done. So this is what it means, this is the London of 2017, 2018. And now I consider London to be more sophisticated, perhaps, than before.” Sophistication is, of course, the essence of Armani style, ever since he first launched his brand in 1975, with a singularity that has made him that rarest of contemporary designers: the president and owner of his own business—with a personal fortune of more than $8 billion—and a true independent in an era of global conglomerates. And somehow he has made this near impossible feat seem easy, just as he makes his characteristically understated tailoring look effortless. But it’s worth remembering just how radical this was at the beginning of his career, when he deconstructed the rigid lines of traditional jackets, honing a soft yet streamlined version of androgynous suiting that bestowed a supple grace upon those who chose to wear Armani, whether at work or at play. “With this collection I wanted to reaffirm the true codes of couture.” Like Coco Chanel—a couturier he admires greatly, along with Yves Saint Laurent—Armani has an aptitude for creating simplicity that belies the complexity of his talent, inspiration, and ambition. And again like Chanel, the polished surfaces of his self-made empire may also conceal past struggles and hidden depths. “I’m very tough on myself—even more so than on those around me,” he observed in a memoir published in 2015. And his life was challenging from the start, for he was born during the Depression, in July 1934, and grew up under the shadow of Mussolini’s fascist dictatorship, in the northern Italian city of Piacenza, which suffered intensive bombing during World War II. In his memoir, Armani recalled “the fear of [living in] a bombed-out city, sheltering in cellars,” and in previous conversations, he has told me about the privations of the war and its aftermath, when “there was no money and nothing to eat.” The middle child of three, he had an older brother (Sergio, now dead)and a younger sister, Rosanna; his father was employed by a transport company, and then arrested and imprisoned for several months after the war, on charges of having worked for the fascist state. His mother, a housewife who also organized children’s summer camps, was a beautiful, dignified yet austere presence; a naturally elegant woman, he says, but one to whom outward displays of affection did not come easily. After enduring a long spell in the hospital—the result of a childhood trauma during the war, when he was badly burned by an exploding shell—Armani nurtured an early ambition to become a doctor. He spent three years studying medicine, followed by two years of compulsory military service, but eventually decided that he needed to get a job to help support his family. He found work at a department store in Milan, La Rinascente, initially as a window dresser, then as a menswear buyer. “The first time I visited London, I was still working for La Rinascente,” he recalls, “and it was the provocative London of Carnaby Street. I didn’t speak English, and coming from the Italian suburbs, I was a bit shocked. But I was very struck by it, in a good way.” Armani eventually moved into fashion design, employed by the Italian textile magnate Nino Cerruti, but it was not until he turned 40 that he felt able to contemplate launching his own brand. And even then, this only came about because of the love and support of his partner, Sergio Galeotti, who encouraged Armani to take the risk of setting up in business. Success was swift, in part because the subtle androgyny of the Armani look proved to be the ideal sartorial choice for a new generation of working women for whom feminism did not preclude fashion. But there was also something else at play in the rise of Armani—a sexiness that tends to be forgotten by those who dubbed him the king of greige. Consider the integral role played by Armani tailoring in  in which Richard Gere is even more seductive when filmed getting dressed in his softly fitted suits than he is naked. Here, then, are clothes as a second skin, and with a similar intimacy and caressing touch. I wonder too about how Armani’s own sexual identity may have influenced his work, for he grew up in a period when fascism sought to suppress homosexuality (and even though such persecution is no longer sanctioned by the state in Italy, it is not yet a country that fully embraces gay rights). Certainly there is nothing camp about Armani style; hence, perhaps, the way that his menswear has been used to great effect by Hollywood filmmakers, to suggest the hypermasculinity of gangster roles in  and  but as is also evident in  this may not preclude a subversive homoerotic undercurrent, whatever the apparent intentions of the director. Tragically, Armani’s rise to success was darkened by Galeotti’s death from AIDS in 1985. This terrible loss might have seemed insurmountable, given that Galeotti was Armani’s business partner as well as his life’s companion and inspiration. But the designer’s inner strength—even a streak of steeliness—manifested itself with sufficient intensity to propel the company to even greater heights. “Challenges: I love them more than anything else,” he wrote in his memoir, though it is also clear that he grieved long and deeply. When I interviewed Mr. Armani two years ago, on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of his company, he observed: “To be creative, you need to be able to respond to pain. If everything goes well, you get boring.” All of which makes Armani—the man and the brand—more complicated than one might at first assume. Just look at the unexpected dash of playfulness that is evident in his work; in this couture collection, for example, there are little knitted hats, and occasional splashes of vivid pink, and a print that suggests a bird in flight, its wings spread wide. “Nowadays, everything blends together,” says Mr. Armani, “so with this collection I wanted to create a clear divide, and to reaffirm the true codes of couture, which are sophistication, eccentricity, and uniqueness.” Eccentricity may seem like a surprising element in an aesthetic famed for its sophistication and elegant restraint, but it’s nevertheless a key ingredient of Armani style. (Which may explain the presence of a larger-than-life gorilla in Mr. Armani’s living room on the top floor of his palazzo in Milan, a discarded model from Italy’s Cinecittà film studio that he has given a home.) As the designer himself observes, the clarity of his visual approach is leavened with “a touch of modernity and wit.” Added to these are his imagination and the power of dreams. “My family was a modest family with modest opportunities,” he says, “so I basically constructed a world for myself. And that’s why I love this job so much, because it has allowed me to build a world to which I never belonged—a world that I saw in films, and that I read about in books. I built my own way of being .” “To be creative, you need to be able to respond to pain.” Perhaps surprisingly for someone who claims not to speak English (although he appears to understand everything I say during the course of our conversation, even before it is translated), Mr. Armani is a great fan of British period drama, including  and “There’s a representation of a world and a way of being that I love very much,” he says. “There’s one way of dressing for breakfast, another for dinner, and clothes depending on the various circumstances that presented themselves throughout the day. But nowadays, you put on something in the morning, and you only take it off when you go to bed at night.” He looks almost wistful for a moment, as if contemplating this idealized English past has lessened his usual guardedness. And so I ask him, “What did you dream about last night?” “It was a horrible dream,” he says. “I was in New York with some unidentifiable people, and at a certain point I turned around and they weren’t there anymore. I’m lost in New York, in a department store that is closing, it’s raining outside, and I’m feeling so distressed, completely abandoned.” “It’s a recurring dream—if I told a psychoanalyst about it, they’d say, ‘You’re scared that people are going to abandon you.’ ” He smiles and adds, “Fortunately, I woke up in my own beautiful bedroom.” “Have you ever had psychoanalysis?” I ask.“I did it myself!” he replies. Then he says goodbye, with a gentle nod, and his eyes—sky blue yet grave—return to the task ahead of him: to the rails of enchanting couture gowns, and a waking dream of pure elegance, wherein the continuing search for perfection offers the hope of overcoming each and every fear of loss.    Justine Picardie is the editor in chief of Harper’s Bazaar UK; This article originally appears in the October issue of Harper's Bazaar.  Lead image: Giorgio Armani with models wearing couture gowns from his Armani Privé Fall 2017 collection, photographed at the Palais de Chaillot in Paris. All clothing and accessories, Armani Privé. 
 The fashion was inspired by Black Panther.  Last night, stars came out for the 2nd Annual Wearable Art Gala at Alexandria Ballrooms in Los Angeles. The evening's theme was "From WACO to Wakanda" and the fashion reflected the huge impact Black Panther has had. Here are some of the best looks from the night. 
 The fashion house is making some positive changes.  Burberry is the latest luxury fashion house to ban the use of real fur. In an interview with Business of Fashion, CEO Marco Gobbetti confirmed the brand will no longer use animal fur including rabbit, fox, mink, and Asiatic raccoon fur, as well as angora wool. Newly-appointed creative director Riccardo Tisci also shared the news on Instagram ahead of his Burberry runway debut, writing, "NEW ERA @burberry #modernluxury."   Burberry's existing fur products will be phased out of stores and the brand's ban on fur will be effective immediately, starting with Tisci's first collection at London Fashion Week this September.  The British brand joins a growing list of fashion designers who are opting to halt the use of real fur in their collections. Versace, Gucci, Michael Kors, Tom Ford, Furla, and Givenchy have all recently gone fur-free, joining designers like Stella McCartney, Ralph Lauren, and Vivienne Westwood, who have been fur-free for years.  In addition to going fur-free, Burberry has also promised another important change: to stop burning all unsold goods. The brand came under fire in July when it was revealed that $36.8 million worth of unsold Burberry products had been burned and destroyed in the 2017 fiscal year. Now, Gobbetti vows that the brand will work towards becoming more eco-conscious, addressing that consumers want to shop products that are better for the environment. "We think that modern luxury that doesn't take into account the social and environmental responsibility really has no meaning. Now customers are not happy if you don't care about the environment they live in," Gobbetti said. 
 The designer behind Broadway's ‘The Cher Show’ opens up about working with the icon for over five decades.  "What do I do with her?!" Bob Mackie asked when tasked with dressing Cher for an appearance on The Carol Burnett Show with Sonny Bono in 1967. Mackie served as the show's costume designer and the famous duo was guest-starring on a sketch. What started as a styling conundrum led to one of the greatest designer-celebrity collaborations of all time.  Fast forward to 50-plus years later and Mackie is still working with Cher. The designer is responsible for nearly all the looks that transformed the superstar into a fashion icon, from that feathered naked dress at the 1974 Met Gala to that showgirl-inspired look at the 1986 Oscars. So when it came time for someone to design costumes for the Broadway adaptation of Cher's life, The Cher Show, there was only one person for the job: Bob Mackie.  The musical, which debuted in December, features over 600 costumes. Sparkles, feathers, towering headpieces: The Cher Show doesn't just turn back time through the icon's life and career; it also takes you through her fashion evolution, with all new looks designed by the great costumer himself. One of the standout highlights is an incredible fashion show scene (aptly called 'The Bob Mackie number'), which eclipses any rom-com dress-up montage or makeover scene. BAZAAR.com caught up with Mackie to talk designing for The Cher Show, how he first met Cher, and what he thinks of celebrities (ahem, Kim Kardashian) recreating his famous naked dress look today.  "She was guest starring with Sonny on The Carol Burnett Show in the first year of the show [1967]. I looked at the script and they told me Sonny and Cher would be guests and we were doing a Show Boat-themed finale. I said, ‘What am I going to do with Sonny and Cher?!’ At that time, they were wearing fur vests and didn’t crack a smile too often—they were like New Age cavemen. But then she came in for a fitting and she was adorable and just so cute. She wasn’t very tall, she was 5’6—the same height as Sonny actually. I dressed her all up in these ruffles and she was cute as can be. I just thought, ‘Boy, I like this girl, this is something.’ A couple years later we started working together again. I would dress her up and it was really fun. I got to know her really well and then they got an offer, after playing Vegas for a couple of years, from CBS to do a summer replacement show. Usually those shows are big flops because nobody watches TV in the summers, but theirs was a huge hit and led to their own weekly show."  "She would have up to 20 costumes for an hour-long show. It might be on camera for 30 seconds or 10 minutes, but she wore lots and lots of clothes so she became this amazing clothes horse. I could get a piece of beautiful matte jersey and we could make her a dress in 10 minutes because her body was incredible to work with. She looked good in so many things, the more interesting and exotic, the better. She said one time, 'I’m like your fucking Barbie!!'"   On Cher, Diana Ross, and Carol Burnett sharing his designs:  "Diana [Ross] was a good friend of Cher’s, so every now and then she would be like ‘Oh, I’m going on The Tonight Show, can I borrow something? You have so many things!’ because she watched The Cher Show. A couple of times she borrowed dresses [from Cher], which I thought was so funny. It’s interesting because at CBS, Sonny and Cher were in one studio and next door was The Carol Burnett Show, so I would be running back and forth checking things like crazy. The two ladies [Carol and Cher] themselves were almost identical in measurements, but nobody would ever think that. Whenever there was a crazy costume or something specific like a Minnie Mouse costume, I’d be like 'Oh I made one for Carol years ago, let’s just rent it from the show.' That happened over and over again." On deciding which of Cher’s many looks to recreate for the Broadway musical: "She’s worn so many fun outfits personally, but in the show, very often she doesn’t leave stage for a long time, so we would do a jacket change or even at one point she gets into her Josephine costume over her jumpsuit. It wasn’t exactly easy [to fit all the looks in], but it was fun. We had a good time."    "It makes me kind of twitch when I hear them call that the, ‘Bob Mackie number,’ it was so much fun to see. It’s really interesting watching the audience [during the performance] because there’s all kinds of different people having the best time: people [who remember] that time and then there’s a whole bunch of young ones who are excited too. They go crazy over the outfits."  
 "I don’t think there was a big phenomenon in 1975, but just recently and the last couple of years at the Met Ball. All of a sudden they [celebrities] were coming up to Cher and telling her, 'We were inspired by your dress!' And they’d go online and look at all these old outfits of hers I designed. I’d forgotten about most of them!" "[The trend] is so silly. I went with Cher, I was her date to the Met Ball in December 1974. People dressed up then, but not really dressed up like that. She walked in, and there I am standing next to her, and all of the sudden there were like a thousand photographers swarming us. They followed her the entire evening. There was a big dinner and we sat at Diana Vreeland’s table. It was all very fun and I had things in the exhibit as well, so it was very exciting. It was the Hollywood exhibit and there were lots of movie and TV clothes. I look at those pictures now and I look like I’m 12!"  "I don’t know her at all. I’ve never met her, so … You know, it’s fine. It’s very inspiring, one half-Armenian girl to another."   On one of his most memorable outfits for Cher: "It was very exciting when the 1975 TIME magazine came out and it had her on the cover in her see-through dress. It had been seen in Vogue magazine, but nobody reads Vogue like they read TIME, especially when it’s on the cover. All of a sudden, the magazine was banned in some cities across the country. It sold out some places in like half an hour. It was really crazy." This interview has been condensed and edited for clarity.  The Cher Show is now playing on Broadway at the Neil Simon Theater.  BUY TICKETS FOR THE CHER SHOW
 From opening Alexander Wang to closing Marc Jacobs, the supermodel in the making took her first slew of catwalks by storm.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Kaia Gerber is officially living up to her supermodel genes, taking her first set of runways by storm and proving that she's the model to watch. From opening Alexander Wang to closing Marc Jacobs, and even joining mom Cindy Crawford on an unforgettable Versace runway, Gerber is definitely a star in the making. 
 It's a favorite of another royal.  The new Duchess of Sussex broke yet another clothing designer's website yesterday. Meghan Markle made her first appearance as a royal highness in a ladylike rose pink dress by Goat at a garden party honoring her new father-in-law, Prince Charles. Following her new royal protocols, the Duchess held on to a tiny clutch (instead of her beloved shoulder bags) and even wore hosiery for the first time for a royal engagement.  This quintessential British brand, which launched in 2001 by founder and designer Jane Lewis, has been a bit under the radar to those of us stateside. What initially started out as a cashmere range, eventually expanded into a full ready-to-wear line. The clothes exude a timelessness with a focus on craftsmanship.  "For me, it's all about making luxury look effortless. I prize style over fashion always, because it endures," Lewis wrote on her website.  From floral frocks to beaded-collar dresses and chic suiting, Goat does have a regal quality to it upon closer inspection. So it's no wonder that even Markle's sister-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton has been a fan of the brand for some time. Kate was first spotted wearing Goat last year, and several times throughout her pregnancy with her latest little prince.  Over the years Goat has quietly amassed a major celebrity following including Victoria Beckham, Lana del Rey, Sienna Miller and Gwyneth Paltrow. However, with the Markle Sparkle in full effect we imagine there will be many more sold-out styles in their future. If you missed out on the Duchess' pink frock the brand has lots of other styles to offer at goatfashion.com. SHOP
 Step into the world of Hermès, like you've never seen before. In honor of their iconic square silk scarves, Hermès is launching a pop-up showcase, Hermès Carré Club, in New York. "Discover silk as you’ve never seen it before. You’re invited to an unforgettable, immersive experience that will exhilarate your senses!" says the brand.  The exhibit launches in New York before traveling to Toronto, Singapore, Los Angeles and Milan, and will feature six interactive modules that reinterpret the Carré in different ways.    Guests will start at the Carré Click and Check, where they check in and receive a membership card and sit for a portrait that they get to keep.  Then it's on to the Carré Studio, where  artists and designers demonstrate their work live. Guests can pose for a sketch by Cyrille Diatkine, get a coloring done by artist Edouard Baribeaud, watch illustrations by Virginie Jamin, or listen to Alice Shirley share her creative process.  Artists Octave Marsal and Théo de Gueltzl will perform live sessions, demonstrating their “drawing machine” that they built and use throughout their practice.   Next is the Carré Café, where guests can enjoy a club sandwich and coffee with live music. Carré Stories, the next module, has telephone booths for guests to listen to spoken texts about the history, secrets, and stories behind the brand. Carré-OK, the adorable play on words, is a place to "belt out tunes inspired by silk scores." Finally, Carrémania is a boutique featuring a capsule collection of limited-edition scarves that are only available at this pop-up boutique. Guests can visit the exhibit at 459 West 14th Street from September 13th to 16th 11am-8pm, and admission is free. To learn more, visit hermes.com.
 Sliding into summer like... If you're not already counting down the days until summer, prepare for these on-trend slides to change that. From '80s-inspired polka dots to rainbow colorways and beyond, this season is filled with flat sandals that are comfortable without sacrificing style. Whether poolside or running errands, click through to shop the standout slides to carry you through spring and summer.  Get in on the polka dot trend with this satin pair of slides just waiting to accessorize your next '80s-inspired look. Marianna Hewitt and M.Gemi collaborated on the perfect neutral sandal of the season. Offered up in three colorways, the multi-colored suede sandal will go with virtually everything in your closet.  Done in cherry red, these woven raffia slides will make the perfect topper for denim cutoffs or a sundress.  Wear these white lace-up sandals with everything from sundresses and jumpsuits to denim shorts and skirts.  Much like a pair of blue jeans, these denim slides will go with everything you own.  The brand known for its Ark bag just launched its debut shoe collection and these lace-up sandals make us  Add a splash of color to your summer look with these buckled rubber slides that put a twist on the classic Birkenstock sandal—and work both poolside or for everyday wear.  Try summer's toe-ring sandal trend with these sleek cognac slides.  For a sleek, elevated take on the look, opt for a white leather style. Whether jet-setting on vacation or heading to a summer BBQ, these bright orange espadrilles instantly take your look to the next level. Add a splash of bold color in the form of rainbow-striped slides.  Put a twist on classic black slides by opting for a pair with subtle detailing—like this braided leather style by Rebecca Minkoff.  A caged slide that instantly takes you back to the '90s is always on our shopping list.  Topshop nordstrom.com. $20 SHOP NOW Try one of summer's hottest colors with these bright yellow suede sandals.  The ultimate clash between espadrilles and slides, these woven flatforms will work with culottes, denim, or your favorite sundresses.  '90s-influenced snakeskin slides make for a luxe accent. Hopping onto spring's clear PVC trend, these embellished silver slides feel like the grownup version of your favorite dress-up shoes as a kid. Complete with a mini block heel, these pink coiled slides offer up the best of both worlds.  These gladiator-inspired sandals will carry you from day to night throughout the season.  Sleek, simple, and elevated: sometimes less is more when it comes to your summer sandals. And because you can never go wrong with Gucci slides, this white leather pair takes the brand's signature loafers into summertime.
 From his start as Pierre Balmain's assistant to his immense influence at Chanel, we're looking back at some of the late designer's greatest moments.  Prolific designer Karl Lagerfeld has passed away at the age of 85, but he leaves behind an impressive legacy. From his start in fashion as Pierre Balmain's assistant back in 1955, to the astounding impact he made after taking over Chanel in 1983, Lagerfeld's varied career has encompassed so many highlights.  Here, a look back at his most important accomplishments: On December 11, 1954, Lagerfeld won first prize in the coat category in a competition organized by the International Wool Association in Paris.  Per Yahoo!, Lagerfeld's success in the competition helped to establish him within the industry, and led to his job as Pierre Balmain's assistant in 1955. Following his initial success in the fashion industry, Lagerfeld quickly secured a role as the art director of  Jean Patou in Paris. According to the Business of Fashion, Lagerfeld was involved in designing "ten haute couture collections" for the brand during his time there. While several sources cite 1958 as when Lagerfeld joined Jean Patou, the designer's official website lists 1957 as his start date. According to Karl Lagerfeld's official website, the designer became one of the first freelancers in the fashion industry, and spent his time working between France, Italy, England, and Germany. He worked with brands including Charles Jourdan, Curiel, Krizia, and Valentino. Lagerfeld also worked with Italian fashion house Tiziani for several years in the '60s. The label designed many of Elizabeth Taylor's movie costumes and red carpet looks. Importantly, Lagerfeld began to freelance at French fashion house Chloé, before taking "sole creative control" in 1966, per WWD. Lagerfeld designed the fashion house's collections from 1964 to 1983, and again from 1992 to 1997. Lagerfeld's collaboration with Fendi began in 1965, and continued until his death. According to WWD, the fashion icon became "head designer for its ready-to-wear and fur collections," completely revitalizing the brand.  The Guardian reports that Lagerfeld produced more than 100 collections for Fendi over a 54-year period. His impact upon the brand will not be forgotten. Here he is photographed in 2004, taking the runway for Fendi during Milan Fashion Week. Lagerfeld appeared in Andy Warhol's film L’Amour, some of which was filmed in the designer's Parisian apartment, per The Guardian. Here, Lagerfeld (center) is photographed at Le Palace nightclub with a group including Andy Warhol and Paloma Picasso. Lagerfeld is "dubbed the first designer to launch a fragrance without having his own label," GQ reports, proving him to be a trailblazer in every field.  1983 was an important year for Lagerfeld as he became Chanel's chief artistic director.  The designer would completely transform the brand, and create a lasting legacy at the French fashion house. Lagerfeld has since been recognized for growing Chanel "into a $10 billion global fashion machine," per Bloomberg. He is also responsible for interlocking Chanel's "CC" logo, according to GQ, an emblem which is now synonymous with the brand. The designer told The New Yorker in 2007 that he took the role at Chanel precisely because so many people warned him not to. Lagerfeld explained, "Everybody said, ‘Don’t touch it, it’s dead, it will never come back.’ But by then I thought it was a challenge." Alongside his ongoing responsibilities at Fendi and Chanel, Lagerfeld launches his own line. The designer revealed his eponymous label was created to channel "intellectual sexiness,"  GQ writes. Lagerfeld sold the label to the Tommy Hilfiger group in 2005, per Business of Fashion, but retained his role as its chief creative.  Lagerfeld's photography became just as renowned as his design work, with the artist regularly creating photo shoots for Harper's BAZAAR. Of Lagerfeld's impeccable work creating campaigns, editorials, and imagery for Chanel, the image director of the fashion house, Eric Pfrunder, told WWD in October 2015, "Karl has an eye. He’s not taking 300 shots. He’s doing five, maybe six. Generally, it’s the first frame that is the best. He’s very fast because he has one vision, and that’s it." A retrospective of Lagerfeld's photography ran in Paris in 2015. Lagerfeld opened 7L in Paris as a destination for fashion art, including books about haute couture, textiles, and jewelry. It also stocks publications produced by the designer and featuring his work, and volumes relating to other topics he was passionate about, including landscapes and cookery. According to his official website, Lagerfeld lost 93 lbs following a strict diet. He released a book in 2004 detailing his weight-loss method, written with his physician, Jean-Claude Houdret.  Introducing The Karl Lagerfeld Diet, the legendary designer revealed the reason for his lifestyle changes: "I suddenly wanted to dress differently, to wear clothes designed by Hedi Slimane… But these fashions... required me to lose at least eighty pounds... I did not think that it was possible to lose so much weight in one year... In fact, it took me exactly thirteen months."  Lagerfeld was the first high-end designer to collaborate with H&M on an affordable collection—a move which has inspired an impressive slate of other designers since (like Alexander Wang, Balmain, and Erdem). His collection, unsurprisingly, sold out within seconds. In 2010, Lagerfeld was honored with The Fashion Visionary award from the Couture Council of New York's Fashion Institute of Technology.  He was also bestowed with the Commander's Cross of the Legion of Honor (Croix de Commandeur de la Legion d'Honneur) by the French President Nicolas Sarkozy in June 2010 (pictured).  Lagerfeld collaborated with Net-a-Porter for new line, KARL, which launched online in 2012. Described as "a collection of covetable downtown classics," Fashionista said the affordable line had "a rock'n'roll/street vibe with a healthy dose of leather." Lagerfeld is awarded the Outstanding Achievement Award at the British Fashion Awards. Announcing the award, Natalie Massenet MBE said, “Karl Lagerfeld defines outstanding. He is the champion of excellence, the master of the exceptional and one of the most iconic figures globally from our industry." Here, the designer is photographed with the creative director of Balmain, Olivier Rousteing, at the London Coliseum for the British Fashion Awards. Lagerfeld took home an incredible accolade in 2017. He was awarded the Grand Vermeil medal, which is the highest honor in Paris, at Chanel's Fall 2017 couture show. Here, the designer is photographed receiving the medal from the Mayor of  Paris, Anne Hidalgo. In December 2018, Lagerfeld walked the runway at Chanel's Métiers d’Art 2018/19 show at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. Lagerfeld walked with godson Hudson Kroenig, and Virginie Viard, who is taking over the designer's role at Chanel. It would be his final appearance on the Chanel runway. Lagerfeld's contributions to the fashion world will never be forgotten.
 Not sure how to pull off the look? We've got all your sartorial inspo ahead.  Cowboy, combat, kitten heeled, stark white: boots are trending in all forms this season. And the same goes for the chicest dresses of now, which range from maximalist styles to girly ruffles, midi lengths, and silky separates. Because of the abundance of boot and dress trends ruling the market today, new styling tips and outfit formulas are being played with on our Instagram feeds and the city streets.  Still unsure of how to master the art of boots and dresses from summer through fall? Get inspired by these 10 chic outfit formulas to try. A babydoll dress and boots go a long way, especially in the summer. The airy ease of this short, voluminous dress will keep you chic and cool during a heatwave.   Wear it lounging around your bedroom or outside with a cool pair of cowboy boots.  Anine Bing's babydoll iteration comes in a crisp white seersucker with a girly tiered silhouette to show off your legs, and your most coveted boots.  A belted or cinched-waist dress paired with luxe patent leather boots works in both the summer and the fall.  An instantly snatched waist, accentuated legs, and subtle nod to Parisian dressing.  The fitted waist on this mini dress makes adding a belt unnecessary. Just imagine looking down at a pair of croc-embossed boots while wearing this romantic dress.  The best prairie dresses of the season come in sheer, chiffon, and flower-child prints that can carry you into cooler temperatures. Whether at the office or a party, the midi prairie dress looks appropriate and admirable with black mid-height leather boots.  A statement floral print for every season.  Gingham dresses work well in all seasons—especially when paired with contrasting white boots. Use this formula to create a plethora of different outfits.  A gingham silk mini dress that is both business casual and organic grocery store run appropriate.  Slip dresses are a fashion-girl favorite because they can be layered, worn under winter jackets, and paired with boots, sneakers, and sandals alike. Opt for a pointed toe leather option this season. And don't forget to play with prints.  This will add the pop of color you need in your wardrobe.  An affordable trendy blouse that adds an updated element to a slip dress look.  Wearing an oversized white dress with rain boots = pure sartorial perfection. You can't go wrong.  Closed version of the white midi features long white sleeves, and embroidered, pleated details.  Blazers work as the perfect transitional wardrobe item. Go for a wool style in the early spring, or a linen option at the end of summer. Either way, when thrown over a dress and worn with boots, the results are incredibly sophisticated.  For all your dress layering, work-wear, and evening needs.  When a structured, A-line dress is worn with knee-high boots it takes the look from busy midtown to relaxed downtown.  A structured dress is an easy way to bring your sophistication level up a notch.  Never underestimate the visual power of a long, white shirt dress. No matter what year it is, the staple continues to be redone and modernized. Pair yours with a low leather Chelsea boot.  Vince curates some of the best basics around, so it's no surprise that this shirt dress is actual perfection.  Play with prints and fabrics with a saucy leopard number that can be worn with edgy, trendy boots of a different print.  Dress it up or dress it down, you can never go wrong with a leopard dress. 
 A major '90s supermodel moment at the royal wedding.  From Demi Moore to Ricky Martin, Princess Eugenie's royal wedding to Jack Brooksbank today was filled with a bout of unexpected celebrity appearances. But taking the guest list up another level, Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell were also in attendance, bringing a little '90s supermodel magic to the ceremony.  Arriving separately, both Kate and Naomi opted for some high fashion looks for the wedding. Naomi wore a stunning Ralph & Russo dress, black leather gloves, and a sculptural black fascinator. Giving off some major shine, the sparkling tweed dress featured feather detailing and a metallic cage-like bodice.  Kate, on the other hand, rocked a black and white polka dot look with a black fascinator and veil.  Kate Moss is inside the chapel#RoyalWedding pic.twitter.com/aSuBk9J2Vw The supermodel brought her 16-year-old daughter, Lila Moss, as her date to the wedding. Just last week, Lila made her modeling debut as the new face of Marc Jacobs Beauty. For today's wedding, the teenager wore a pale pink dress and a matching floral headband. Topping off her look, she opted for a glam black fur jacket.  As Eugenie and Jack's vows unfolded in St. George's Chapel, Kate was up front and center, appearing directly behind the happy couple during the ceremony. And as we all know, it's not a proper British wedding unless Kate Moss is giving her blessing in the background.  Imagine having Kate Moss overseeing your wedding just imagine pic.twitter.com/zo12QyAnN4 Neither Naomi nor Kate was in attendance at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding back in May. Given their very fashun looks at Eugenie and Jack's nuptials today, a royal wedding and '90s supermodel mashup is the pairing we didn't know we needed. 
 Hate to interrupt your Hot Girl Summer, but these fall essentials are going to sell out fast.  It's time to take a short break from your Hot Girl Summer to think ahead to your fall wardrobe. I know, I know, it's 90 degrees and nobody wants to talk about boots or coats yet, but Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale is officially upon us—which means that Fall 2019's hottest pieces are on sale now before their full-price season even starts.  From the perfect leather boots to blazers, knitwear, and a fresh crop of bags, the annual sale is full of all the essentials for your fall wardrobe. Currently, all Nordstrom cardholders can shop the Early Access sale exclusively through Thursday, July 18. On Friday, July 19, the sale opens to those without Nordstrom cards and will be available to shop through August 4 (then, the prices go back up). Scroll down to shop all our favorites before they sell out.  Original price: $225 Available in six color options (including an on-trend snake print and stark white), these are your new go-to boots for fall and winter.  Original price: $895 A cozy wrap coat that will get you all the compliments.  Original price: $98 Upgrade your denim collection for fall with these ultra high-waisted jeans with just the right amount of flare.  Original price: $98 Though the matching jacket sadly already sold out, this snakeskin mini is practically begging to be worn with a black turtleneck and boots all fall long.  Original price: $458 The perfect hue to top off all your fall looks.  Original price: $595 This two-tone belted blazer is your new wardrobe MVP for the office. Wear it with jeans, trousers, or a pencil skirt.  Original price: $102 Nothing says fall quite like a pair of leather leggings. Available in plus sizes here too.  Original price: $148 An oversized turtleneck you'll want to wear every day this season.  Original price: $250 Whether you're into the tan suede, red croc, or black leather, these boots are the perfect heel and shaft height to wear with all your favorite fall and winter looks. Original price: $278 Add a bit of croc to your fall bag collection with this round crossbody.  Original price: $188 Whether you're wearing it over activewear or a jeans and tee, this cozy faux shearling is an effortless way to look instantly cool. Original price: $425 Do you need a red leather snakeskin skirt in your life? Of course you do.  Original price: $570 Half pearl, half gold chain—the perfect hybrid for layering multiple necklaces.   Original price: $168 Utility jackets were one of the biggest outerwear trends on the Fall 2019 runways. Get a head-start on the look with this neutral cargo look.  Original price: $49 If you haven't tried the bike short trend yet, now's the time to shop it.  Original price: $495 A fur chubby that will make all your looks instantly glam as soon as the temperatures begin to drop. Original price: $29 Need a break from your go-to hoops? Try this oval-shaped pair done in antique-inspired gold.  Original price: $249 Cozy up with an oversized cardigan—you'll thank us later this fall. Original price: $528 In need of a new work bag for fall? This Tory Burch caryall is the perfect size for your laptop—and it comes in three different colors.  Original price: $425 Wear it with boots and you've got a look that works for the office or out to dinner. 
 The brand also unveiled a new logo.  Valentino is taking fashion's love for athleisure to the next level. The brand is opening sport-themed pop-up shops in New York, Milan, Hong Kong, and Tokyo to sell its athletic-inspired Resort 2018 collection, which creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli presented in May. The interiors are designed to resemble chic gyms, and training spaces. (A release from the brand even teases "imaginary basketball nets.") In addition to the resort range, the pop-ups will also be selling sports gear, including basketballs, sneakers, yoga mats, and tracksuits.  The limited-edition items are all marked with a new logo, "VLTN," which was inspired by old Valentino logos in the '80s and '90s, according to WWD. Take a look at some of the athletic gear below: In addition to the standalone pop-up stores, there will also be pop-up installations selling the merch and Resort 2018 collection at Maxfield in Los Angeles, The Webster in Miami, Harrods in London, TsUM in Moscow, and Shinsegae Gangnam in Seoul. Find your city here. LOCATIONS
 The trend is still going strong this season.  Thanks to the dadcore trend that flourished after several Prada and Off-White shows—think chunky trainers, college sweatshirts, and slouchy trousers—easy street-inspired pieces have become a mainstay in our sartorial rotations. Somewhere along the lines, we graduated from thick soles to fanny packs, taking the trend to another level.  The resurgence of every dad/tourist's favorite accessory has been spotted everywhere, and we can't get enough. Whether you call it the waist bag, fanny pack, bum bag or belt bag, this is how to style it for Fall 2019.  Blazers are no longer exclusive to the office; they work for off-duty styling just as well. Add another layer of dimension with a patterned or logo belt bag that can also be worn across your shoulder.   This is my Count down to wool and faux fur being a thing of the past in a very short while #spring #latex #topshopstyle A post shared by  Ada (@ada_oguntodu) on Feb 26, 2019 at 10:09am PST The trench coats of now aren't just cotton or wool; they exist in sleek, modern fabrics like PVC and vinyl. Add some texture and detail to your look by pairing a futuristic trench with a croc-embossed fanny pack.   Fall and winter outfits can easily become a myriad of black, gray, and browns, causing looks to feel a bit repetitive. Break up the neutrals with a bright fanny pack in a luxe fabric.  🥐 @pompeiibrand A post shared by  Lucia Cuesta (@luciacuesta_) on Feb 25, 2019 at 4:28am PST For errand running and grocery hauls that require both hands, try styling your luxe mini belt bag with an easy white T-shirt, raw-hem jeans, and sneakers.  Kaia Gerber is the queen of leather on leather, and that's clear in this street style shot of her styling a patent leather belt bag with leather trousers and combat boots.   The perfect @kiplingusa bag for dancing 🕺🏼 • • • • • • • • • • • •• • • • • • • • • • • • #whowhatwear #fashion #style #ootd #wiwt A post shared by  Courtnee Ruth Crews (@courtneeruthie) on Sep 20, 2018 at 10:03am PDT White isn't exclusive to spring and summer; during the fall, it looks even more crisp. Style loose-fitting tailored separates with a simple canvas fanny pack for an effortless look.  Whether spotted, dotted, leopard, or plaid, prints are in full force for Fall 2019 and will likely carry you into the dead of winter. Go matchy matchy by doubling up on prints and adding a fanny pack with a similar hue.   Old wardrobe treasures A post shared by  Pernille Teisbaek (@pernilleteisbaek) on Jun 22, 2019 at 7:23am PDT You can't go wrong with a one-stop fix-all jumpsuit, especially during the beginning of fall. Cinch the waist on a looser silhouette with a lux fanny pack.   Neutrals for fall? Groundbreaking. Actually, yes. Wearing different shades of the same camel color can effortlessly elevate your look. Style a chestnut leather fanny pack with a matching trench and trousers. Then, break up the tones with a brighter turtleneck.  Belt bags can also be worn as waist belts; ideal for cinching the middle of a loose fitting or oversized silhouette. Use one to flatter and streamline your shape, or show off your curves.   I’m down to bring back the gaucho life. Comfort over errrrting. #breezy @love_amika 🍂 A post shared by  Bianca Valle (@vbiancav) on Sep 25, 2018 at 12:02pm PDT Not all fanny packs are micro bags—some come in larger iterations that work for errand running, work bags, and weekend beauty holders. Style yours with cozy fall favorites like a chunky knit and marigold-hued trousers. 
 See the boots, skirts, tops, and pants that all the Insta girls are wearing... While tiger print and leopard print are going still strong, we're feeling a subtler approach to animal print—and so are many of our sisters in social media. While the 'gram has gone increasingly beige recently with the proliferation of fashion accounts that favor a concise palette of brown, tan, and white—with that came a more creative and textural approach to these hues. Enter: the snakeskin print. On pants, dresses, and tops, it maintains a neutral disposition while adding an interesting pattern. As a bonus, you get all of the appeal of snake with none of the guilt—this is a print after all, not the real deal.  Christie of NYCBambi pairs MSGM trousers with a camel coat and white boots for a streamlined look with high impact.  These are the pièce de résistance of the snakeskin movement—the ideal way to leverage your basics into something that makes an entrance. We're especially on board for the knee-height snake boot that the brand Paris, Texas recently reissued after it sold out this fall thanks to super-fan Emily Ratajkowski rocking the boot all over town.    Print on print on print @petarpetrovvienna @boyyboutique 📸 @kirstinsinclair #petarpetrov A post shared by  Tiffany Hsu (@handinfire) on Sep 30, 2018 at 10:50pm PDT  Details A post shared by  Sophia Roe (@sophiaroe) on Jan 6, 2019 at 4:49am PST   Ladies like Sophia Roe and Tiffany Hsu are mixing prints and pairing their snakeskin with leather pieces for the ultimate luxe experience. Another chic way to bring some snakeskin into your style game is a full dress or skirt. While statement-making, it's still discrete enough for minimalists to get behind. We love a snakeskin print skirt with a cashmere knit and boots.  Still here, Waiting for 2019 A post shared by  Débora Rosa (@deborabrosa) on Dec 26, 2018 at 11:41am PST  Débora Rosa nails the idea, mixing her snake skirt with black separates.    A great silk snakeskin print button-down gives perfect '90s Gucci vibes, just keep the buttons undone at the top—and maybe add in a gold pendant necklace.  Imani wears her Sandy Liang top as a dress, adds white boots, and slays the whole idea. We also love Equipment's classic take on the look.    
 Including the must-have handbag of the season. Whether you're a full-fledged resident or an occasional tourist, making it to all of New York City's must-visit spots is tough to pull off. The list of places to go is endless, so your best bet is zeroing in on one specific neighborhood.  The Lower East Side remains, without a doubt, one of Manhattan's coolest 'hoods to hang out, thanks to its eclectic mix of boutiques, density of super chic restaurants, and iconic, cultural landmarks. Below are three of our absolute favorite places to spend an afternoon. 
  The Sill Perfect for every small apartment, The Sill’s collection of plants and even prettier planters makes it a home-gardener's paradise.  Flora packs the store from floor-to-ceiling, and with incredibly easy delivery (and maintenance!) options, it’s become the style sets' go-to for anything green.  The Sill, 84 Hester St, New York Shop the look on Gucci.com: Jeans, $980; Coat, $3,980; Shoes, $890; Scarf, $1,350; Bag, $2,590 
 Gucci, $2590 SHOP Gucci, $2,590 SHOP Gucci, $2,590 SHOP Gucci, $3,100 SHOP Gucci, $3,100 SHOP Gucci, $3,100 SHOP  Le Turtle Known for its seductive dim lighting and sleek, elegant interior, Le Turtle has quickly become something of an LES institution.  That's partially due to the restaurant's Instagram-worthy circular booth and blush pink brass interiors, but equally important is the crowd-favorite smoking roast chicken. Le Turtle, 177 Chrystie St, New York Shop the look on Gucci.com: Dress, $4,700; Sunglasses, $435; Bag, $3,100 
  2 Bridges Music Art This spot isn't your run-of-the-mill record shop; housed in an unassuming location inside the New York Mart mall, 2 Brides Music Art also sells new and used books, magazines, and tapes from a variety of genres. Plus, they round it all out with rotating art exhibitions. 2 Bridges Music Art, 75 East Broadway, New York Shop the look on Gucci.com: Shirt, $700; Sweater, $1,280; Necklace, $3,950; Shoes, $890; Bag, $2,590 Styling by Rachel Pincus, video by Mick Bennett.
 Beanie season is almost upon us.  As the evenings get colder and the mornings become brisker, we know that fall fashion is just around the corner. For the street style circuit, it's one of the best sartorial times of the year; the more clothes, the better! Beyond wide-brim hats and vinyl baker boy caps, the beanie is a classic way to stay warm and look chic during the colder months. But what's the best way to wear one? Ahead, look to these well dressed women for the ultimate beanie styling inspiration.   A beanie is a functional winter must-have that goes with more looks than you'd think. Play with the streetwear aesthetic of now by adding a fitted beanie to a modern leather trench and sneaker pairing.  If comfort and coziness is what you're after, you'll love this unisex beanie from Ma'ry'ya. Made of 100% cashmere, this accessory will feel luxurious to the touch.  This iteration from Parisian brand Ami Alexandre Mattiussi is crafted in beige wool with a playful contrasting heart patch adorning the front.  You can never go wrong with a neutral wool coat, graphic T-shirt, and light-wash denim.  This outfit formula is effortless, probably already exists in your closet, and looks even better when worn with a classic black beanie.  Acne Studios always nails cold-weather essentials, so it's no surprise that the brand's take on the classic beanie is a fashion-girl favorite. This cashmere beanie from British label Madeleine Thompson is both chic and functional, making it an easy addition to your fall and winter rotation.  Not only is a beanie the perfect way to keep your ears warm, it's also an easy way to incorporate color into an otherwise neutral ensemble.  Add a pop of color with a baby pink, orange or powder blue hat. This statement-making hat will leave you feeling nostalgic for fall mornings in high school. Keep it modern and adult-appropriate with tailored separates.  For a subtle soft pink and a pop of bright color, look to this option from New York based designer Duffy.  Mix and match fabrics, colors, and volume for a more dimensional look.  To keep things semi-streamlined, opt for a beanie that matches one of the hues in your outfit.   This forest green beanie works as a neutral for all your seasonal looks.  Head-to-toe black is a city girl styling favorite—everything matches, and the versatility is endless. Topping off an oversized suiting look with a slouchy black beanie is an easy way to remain put together, even in frigid temperatures.  For added playfulness and warmth, look to Sophia Cashmere's ultra cozy pom-pom option, complete with ribbing for texture.  For a more luxe option, there's Valentino's logo beanie to add a little pop to your fall and winter looks.  What's more elegant than all white winter outerwear? Not much. Leave it to Pernille Teisbaek to give us the seasonal inspiration we crave. Style your matching beanie with a belted soft trench.  Made from Italian cashmere, this beanie features a slightly rolled hem for a more detailed approach.  This form-fitting beanie is ideal for showcasing wavy locks or a sleek new blunt bob cut. Add dangling earrings and a bold lip to contrast against the color.  Creams, grays, and maroons look sophisticated when styled together. Pair your grey beanie with a chunky cream knit layered over a side-slit sweater dress. Then, add a statement knee-high boot.  This cozy beanie is fitted with a logo patch, making it a staple cold weather accessory.  Craving some Balenciaga but don't want to hand over your entire wallet? Look to this luxe logo beanie from the brand, crafted from super-soft wool and camel hair in a light gray. 
 Someone get this woman a DayQuil campaign!! Some of us look like gross, sweaty human piles of tissues while battling a high fever. And then there is Bella Hadid, who looks like...Bella Hadid.  Despite having a 101-degree fever, the model is currently walking Paris Fashion Week after modeling runways in New York, London, and Milan. Before closing the shows of both Redemption and Off-White today, Bella took to Instagram Stories to reveal she was feeling under the weather. "101 fever is not cute when walking a runway," she wrote while snapping a selfie in the back of a car.  Regardless of what her Instagram post said, we can confirm that Bella did, however, look extremely "cute" while walking the runways with a fever. Exhibit A: still serving face while donning this dramatic yellow checked look at the Off-White show. Exhibit B: leading the finale walk at Redemption in a fierce sparkling look with an even fiercer walk. I mean, do you see this hair flip? Bella is not here for this fever!!! She is slaying regardless of what any thermometer has to say. This is a level of unbothered professionalism we should all aspire to. The top model has starred in campaigns for Fendi, Dior Beauty, Moschino, and Calvin Klein, to name a few. But someone please cast this woman as the new face of DayQuil ASAP!  Feel better, Bella. You're doing amazing, sweetie!  closing @redemptionofficial this afternoon . thank you for having me, fever and all @johndavidpfeiffer @babethdjian 🖤 A post shared by  Libragrl999🦋 (@bellahadid) on Feb 28, 2019 at 11:48am PST
 You'll want a pair of these babies ASAP. Louis Vuitton jumped on the dad shoe trend back in October when it debuted clunky yet high-arched sneakers on the Paris runways. Following the launches of Balenciaga's Triple S, Yeezy's Wave Runner and Nike's revamped VaporMax, Nicolas Ghesquière sent models down the catwalk in Vuitton's own Archlight trainers with 18th-century brocade coats, deconstructed dresses and even a Stranger Things tee.  Four months later, the cool shoe will finally be available to shop worldwide on February 23, but before then, the French fashion house is opening a pop-up store completely dedicated to the footwear. The temporary storefront is located in SoHo, NYC, and fittingly opens today, the first official day of Fashion Week. The pop-up will stay open until March 10.  The Vuitton pop-up will likely be a hot spot for fashionistas during NYFW and for trendy young hypebeasts for the rest of the month it's open. The post will also mark the only Archlight-dedicated pop-up in the world. To make it even more special, an exclusive all-black design (a contrast to the white and pastels in the rest of the collection) will be sold only in the store. The shoe retails for $1,040. Visit the store at: 122 Greene Street, New York, NY 10012. Get directions here.   Louis Vuitton sneaker, $1,090, available at select stores including the Louis Vuitton pop-up, 1-866-VUITTON. Louis Vuitton sneaker, $1,090, available at select stores including the Louis Vuitton pop-up, 1-866-VUITTON. Louis Vuitton sneaker, $1,090, available at select stores including the Louis Vuitton pop-up, 1-866-VUITTON. Louis Vuitton sneaker, $1,090, available at select stores including the Louis Vuitton pop-up, 1-866-VUITTON. Louis Vuitton sneaker, $1,090, available at select stores including the Louis Vuitton pop-up, 1-866-VUITTON. Louis Vuitton sneaker, $1,090, available at select stores including the Louis Vuitton pop-up, 1-866-VUITTON. Louis Vuitton sneaker, $1,090, only available at the Louis Vuitton pop-up, in SoHo.
  Let these looks inspire your 2019 wardrobe. Fashion loves to repeat itself. But even more, fashion loves to repeat the '90s—again and again and again. Our obsession and nostalgia for the decade that perfected high-waisted denim and leather jackets is no surprise—especially when it comes time for fall. From the supermodels off duty to Princess Diana and Carolyn Bessette, the style icons of the 1990s feel more relevant than ever today. Ahead, get inspired by the looks of the decade that still hold up this season.  The supermodel's airport look—a black turtleneck, high-waisted denim, and a leather blazer—would look just as effortlessly cool in 2019. Cement it with a pair of ankle cowboy boots for good measure.  Get the Look: Alice + Olivia leather blazer, $1,095, orchardmile.com. SHOP NOW Kate Moss proves the camel coat's got major staying power. And knee-high boots paired with a mini skirt feels right on track for this season too.  Get the Look: Cos coat, $290, cosstores.com.  SHOP NOW Pretty much everything Princess Diana wore in the '90s is cool again. But this blazer and turtleneck combo is the perfect fall look.  Get the look: Raey blazer, $460, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW Denim on denim is a timeless look—one that was perfected in the '90s. Take note from Tyra and style an oversized denim shirt with your favorite pair of jeans.  Get the Look: Gap denim shirt, $89, gap.com. SHOP NOW Another supermodel bombshell look that will never go out of style—this exact cropped blazer and high-waisted trouser combo could (and should) still be worn in 2019 and beyond.  Get the Look: ASTR the Label cropped blazer, $79, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW From the headband and the oval sunglasses to the double-breasted coat and knee-high boots, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy's '90s looks remain classics.  Get the Look: J.Crew headband, $22, jcrew.com. SHOP NOW The decade wasn't all grunge and minimal—Naomi's colorful checked two-piece set was just the right amount of playful and would absolutely kill it on the 'gram today.  Winona's '90s Outfits Forever: this concert tee, mom jeans, and leather blazer combo remains insanely cool to this day.  Get the Look: Re/Done jeans, $280, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Cameron Diaz's high/low pairing of a chunky knit with a side slit skirt feels very now. And the tiny bag and strappy minimal sandals? It girl favorites of 2019.  Get the Look: H&M turtleneck, $18, hm.com. SHOP NOW  Drew Barrymore wore Reformation before it even existed. A retro polka dot crop top and baggy jeans still holds up to this day.  SHOP REFORMATION TOPS This photo of Halle Berry could have been taken in 1994 or 2019. The long leopard coat, black turtleneck, and straight-leg jeans? Sign us up, please.  Get the Look: Sea animal print trench, $690, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP NOW The actress' tuxedo jacket dress and sheer black tights from the 1991 Golden Globes still remains a look to this day. And one that Meghan Markle channeled this past year.  Get the Look: A.L.C. blazer dress, $350, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP NOW It's no secret that the naked dress remains a celebrity favorite to this day. But in '93, Kate the Great perfected the look in a sheer slip dress and black thong.  Get the Look: Lisa Marie Fernandez slip dress, $173, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Gwyneth Paltrow cemented her status as a style icon in this bold Tom Ford suit. Recreating the '90s moment, the designer brought the iconic suit back in his Fall 2019 collection—making it new again. Get the Look: Tom Ford blazer, $2,950, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW From the early years of the decade to her time as Carrie Bradshaw, SJP rocked a number of looks that were right on-par with the trends. But this jacket and skirt combo would look just as good—if not better—in 2019.  A floral maxi dress paired with a leather jacket? Nothing is more '90s and JLo's take on the look still feels stylish to this day.   Before The Leopard Skirt, there was Kirsten Dunst's zebra print silk skirt—and we can guarantee it would still sell out today. And the strappy '90s sandals? Very Staud.  Get the Look: Bardot slip skirt, $69, bloomingdales.com. SHOP NOW Whitney's airport look—a double-breasted blazer layered over a sweater, straight blue jeans, and white sneaker—is a uniform still favored by the fashion set today.  Get the Look: Club Monaco blazer, $169, clubmonaco.com. SHOP NOW Cindy's leather jackets deserve their own fan account—this brown oversized jacket styled with a black turtleneck and knit mini skirt should be on all of our mood boards this fall.  Get the Look: Kobi Alperin leather blazer, $798, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP NOW Cardigans are back—and there's no better way to style them this season than '90s Drew.  Get the Look: Reformation cardigan, $78, thereformation.com. SHOP NOW Tyra's airport look from 1996 is one that 90% of the population (including a Hadid or two) still rocks to this day. Denim jacket, Calvin Klein logo tee, and dad sneakers? The '90s uniform is back in full force.  Get the Look: Levi's denim jacket, $79, levis.com. SHOP NOW The Versace bombshell look of the '90s—perfected by the Big Six—is just as enviable today. We're ready to petition for Versace to bring back Christy's bright yellow skirt suit and chain belt.  The Nanny remains a fashion icon to this day. And her penchant for leopard? It'll never go out of style.  Get the Look: Nanushka leopard pants, $276, mytheresa.com. SHOP NOW Nobody has pulled off the sweatshirt and bike shorts trend of 2019 quite like Princess Diana originally did in 1995.  Get the Look: Aritzia bike shorts, $38, aritzia.com. SHOP NOW From her sportswear to her iconic Tommy Hilfiger looks, Aaliyah spearheaded many of the decade's trends. But one of her most underrated outfits? This oversized leather jacket and cargo pants combo that would look just as on-trend in Fall 2019.  Get the Look: Re/Done cargo pants, $250, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Halle Berry serving these high-waisted shorts, a white crop top, and lace-up boots will never get old.  Get the Look: Frye combat boots, $197, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW The maxi skirt is back. Why not take a page from Cindy's book and try the piece with a knit sweater and mules? Get the Look: Ganni floral maxi skirt, $190, orchardmile.com. SHOP NOW Iman proves a checked skirt suit and turtleneck will always be a major look.  Leather pants—a staple of the decade—are slowly inching their way back. Try the look in monochromatic form with a simple black turtleneck à la Gwyneth.  Get the Look: Nanushka leather pants, $445, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Though Kate's '95 look may have been originally channeling the 1960s, the minimal black and white combo remains a wardrobe classic. 
 She made her runway debut at Gypsy Sport.  Although Madonna is no stranger to the fashion world (or any world, for that matter), her daughter, Lourdes Leon, has managed to keep somewhat of a low-key profile over the years. But tonight, all that changed when the 21-year-old made her big runway debut at New York Fashion Week.    Walking in Gypsy Sport's Spring 2019 show, Lourdes wore a beaded shell chain bra, extremely ripped low-rise jeans (with black underwear peeking out à la the early 2000s), and chunky dad sneakers. Topping it all off, her runway look was accessorized with ultra-tiny sunglasses and a leafy palm hairpiece.  While this may be her catwalk debut, this isn't Lourdes' first time attending New York Fashion Week. Back in September 2016, she sat front row alongside her mom at Alexander Wang's Spring 2017 show and later attended the #WangFest after-party. This isn't the first time she's dipped her toes into the modeling world either. Previously, Lourdes starred in ad campaigns for Stella McCartney's Pop fragrance and Converse's MadeMe collaboration.  Born in 1996, Lourdes is Madonna's eldest child, whom she shares with Carlos Leon. Lourdes most recently attended her mom's alma mater, the University of Michigan. Along with her oldest daughter, the Queen of Pop also has five other children: 18-year-old son Rocco Ritchie, whose father is Guy Ritchie, and four children whom she adopted from Malawi: 12-year-old David, 12-year-old Mercy James, and 6-year-old twins, Estere and Stella.   Tree of Life.....🌴 Mercy James Pediatric Hospital! 🏥 One Year Later! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 #everythingislove #malawi 🇲🇼♥️ art work by @jacarandaschoolfororphans A post shared by  Madonna (@madonna) on Jul 16, 2018 at 9:02am PDT Watch out, fashion world: this is a lot of potential future models.   3 Beauties! 💘 Lola spends time with twins, Stella and Esther at Home of Hope Orphanage: 🇲🇼🇲🇼🇲🇼❤️🙏🏻🇲🇼🇲🇼🇲🇼 A post shared by  Madonna (@madonna) on Jul 8, 2016 at 6:49am PDT
 Inspired by her annual trip to Tuscany. Rosetta Getty is a bonafide travel expert. She not only has houses around the world and vacations at the same sprawling villa in Tuscany (a Getty family tradition for over 50 years), but travelled the globe extensively during her years as a model.  Suffice to say, she has the art of packing down to a science. So much so, that the designer known for creating minimal, elegant pieces that have some sort of ultra flattering and cool twist, decided it was time to create a capsule collection focused entirely on vacation-ready clothing, inspired by her annual trip to Tuscany.  Comprised of 15 different pieces ranging from wide leg palazzo pants, a simple (and quite perfect) little white dress, a cutout cropped top that could work for almost every occasion and pares back with everything, and a slew of other multifunctional items. Each piece is made with the intention to be worn multiple ways, and for many different activities throughout your travels. Looking chic on the plane? Easy. Need something to take you from breakfast to the pool to the market back to cocktail hour? You'll find it. As a first for the designer, the capsule collection launches today on rosettagetty.com, and ranges in price from $250 to $1,700. "I found myself packing the same pieces every summer, which naturally made me think of reworking existing styles into a timeless travel capsule," says Getty. Here, the designer also shares her travel tips—from what to pack on the plane to her favorite beauty products. A few hours before traveling I try to find some time to meditate, even if it's only for 10 or 15 minutes. It’s always so hectic getting ready for a flight, but I find meditation very calming. It makes me feel tranquil and ready for what’s ahead. I normally wear a pair of white sneakers (Balenciaga sock sneakers) and trousers from my line. They have an elastic waistband, so they’re comfortable enough for the plane and yet they still look tailored and put together. Our classic mercerised cotton t-shirts and soft cashmere sweaters are a few other essentials that I always carry with me, as well as a pair of cashmere socks from Loro Piana or Brunello Cucinelli. Céline sunglasses, Byredo travel perfume and case, Joelle Ciocco intensive eye care, Altoids peppermint mints, Rodin lip balm, travel size Marvis toothpaste, Mason Pearson brush, Muji sketchbook and pen, and Matt’s Munchies mango snacks. While on the plane, I dedicate half of my time to catching up on the latest issue of Harper’s BAZAAR, Porter or Architectural Digest, and then I switch to something more substantial like The New Yorker. When on holiday, I pack a few books to read (Joan Didion and Susan Sontag are favorites) but I’m always too ambitious and end up spending most of the time with my four kids. My “on-plane” ritual for a long flight includes washing my face as soon as we take off, followed by an hourly moisturizing ritual. I pack Shiva Rose oil and put it on my face every hour or so. For me, hydration is key when on the plane. A few of my other favorite products are La Mer face cream, Rodin body oil, and Dr. Hauschka Hydrating Hand Cream—it’s the best! Also, I always bring two big bottles of Fuji water, and although I don’t wear much jewelry, I’m always wearing my Cartier diamond solitaire (c1930) that was a gift from my husband on our 15th wedding anniversary. After a few hours go by, I have mint tea (which is really soothing), and before landing I might change my top or put on a smart jacket. It’s very simple! Roll everything up in your luggage, bring a great dry shampoo—I love the one the Ouai makes—and drink tons of water.
 The footwear designer talks "red bottoms" and "bloody shoes." Cardi B's breakout hit "Bodak Yellow" is officially the number one song in the country. The rap track—whose most quotable lyric is arguably the shoutout to Christian Louboutin's scarlet soles: "These expensive, these is red bottoms, these is bloody shoes"—has swept the nation, topping the Billboard Hot 100 for the second week in a row. It was only a matter of time before the footwear designer heard it himself, and he has. A friend recently played the song and the video for Louboutin and pointed out the lyrics, he told the New York Times. He's still new to Cardi, though, and struggled to remember who she was in his interview. "She’s a rapper? This 'Yellow' song?" he asked NYT. "I don’t know much more than that, to be honest." Hey, it's a start. Cardi (born Belcalis Almanzar) got her first pair of red bottoms from a fan during her days as a stripper. Now, the rapper apparently owns over 90 pairs. "She usually buys a pair or two every couple of weeks," her stylist recently told Billboard. Her connection to the shoe relates to Louboutin's early design days, too. "The first shoes I ever designed were for showgirls, people on stage. Showgirls have a kind of attitude — they’re driving forces," he told the Times, recalling his internship under Folies Bergère. Though the designer doesn't consider himself a "big rap person," he's still open to meeting Cardi if she's ever in town. "Why not?" he said.  Not that's a collab we're dying to see.
 In this new BAZAAR series—This Look Is Money—we’re hitting the streets to find the best dressed and the big spenders. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In Bazaar's newest video series, This Look is Money, we take a deep dive into street style trends in cities around the world, to find the chicest off-duty style—and the honest price tag of each outfit. This week bring us to South Korea's capital city for Seoul Fashion Week, where we caught up with three SFW models (Hyeon Seo, Hanna Jang, and Ji Hyun Park) to find out exactly what pieces they wear off the runway, then calculated the total cost of their full street style ensembles. From the $250 versatile navy Tomboy overcoat paired with layered affordable knits from Zara, to a simple white button-up top styled alongside gifted $600 Saint Laurent-designed canvas kicks—these girls prove they've mastered the art of high-low fashion. Watch the video above to see these money looks straight out of Seoul, or tune in to the video below, where we calculate the true cost of the best show-stopping street style ensembles from New York Fashion Week.
 Start shopping this season's office must-haves now.  When it comes to fall dressing, transitional looks that can carry you from the office to an evening dinner with friends are essential. With new autumnal pieces dropping every day, it's time to start building up your wardrobe with staple, but fashion-focused items that you can comfortably wear on your commute, in your frigid office, and beyond. Get inspired and re-imagine your work wardrobe with these chic outfit ideas and the key pieces to recreate them. A blazer stands as the reigning work wardrobe staple, and for good reason. The classic piece comes in various prints, hues, and fabrics, making it easy to mix and match throughout the week.  A burgundy blazer adds a fresh update to your closet of black, white, and gray essentials. Plus, this color is basically a neutral.  During the fall season, turtlenecks become a go-to. Play with rusted tones and textures when you get dressed in the morning. The turtleneck is also perfect for freezing office temperatures and hair tucking.  Everything about this turtleneck screams "chic," from the fabric, to the color, to the ribbing details.  Tie-dye is a fun, seasonless trend that doesn't have to be exclusive to your weekend plans. Play with the print during the work week by layering it beneath your blazer.  This pretty tie-dye tee from up-and-coming cool-girl brand Little High, Little Low will look sophisticated underneath a blazer. The Purple Haze tee's come in a variety of unique shades and psychedelic prints.  You can't go wrong with the right pair of loose fitting trousers, especially in black. Go for a wide-leg, oversized silhouette in a cotton-blend or wool fabric.   This affordable black pant from Topshop is eternally put-together, and can be worn with sneakers, pumps, or heeled boots.  Unless you're in a fashion industry office, having on too many jewels and baubles can be a bit too over-the-top. Instead, opt for the perfect pair of gold hoops to spice up any suiting look.  Not too big, not too small, and not too pricey.  Button down shirts are nothing new, but they can be modernized when worn as a layering piece. Wear your favorite black turtleneck underneath for added interest and easy trouser tucking.  Burberry's crisp iteration gives a whole new meaning to understated luxury.  The Bermuda short resurgence was one we didn't expect, but we're happily embracing the trend for workwear and beyond. Ditch your favorite jeans and try on a pair these utilitarian staples.  These longline shorts are cut from vegan-friendly leather, and sit on your hips in a relaxed shape. Make a serious statement with a camel-hued chunky sweater.  Before you discard your favorite summer midi dress, think again. Adding a blazer over and layering some work-appropriate trousers beneath adds a new element of cool to every work ensemble.   The perfect summer dress for layering into fall.  Style an oversized blazer over a bright pleated skirt for an proportional juxtaposition between womenswear and menswear.  Our favorite pleated skirts of today come in varying colors, shapes and hemlines.  White footwear can be worn year-round, and they're  a chic way to break up darker tones during the fall and winter.  This white bootie from cult-favorite brand Dear Frances offers a comfortable heel height and a sleek, creamy off-white tone.  Utilitarian trousers or cargo-inspired pants allow you to take a break from wool trousers or denim, which is especially appropriate for an office setting.  The utilitarian pants of today aren't the ones your camp counselor wore in the early 2000's. When worn with a black turtleneck, they become an easy styling piece.  A good knitwear piece in a neutral tone can truly carry you throughout fall and winter. Sweaters are fantastic layering options; whether over midi dresses or underneath double breasted blazers.  Let this cozy cashmere knit become your go-to sweater.  Trench coats have become a street style staple and a model off-duty go-to because of its durability despite rain, sleet or frigid cold.  This trench is light enough to wear at the beginning of fall and heavy enough to protect you from the rain.  A leather trouser or leather jumpsuit is an easy, unexpected way to enhance a classic blazer look.  It's both parts work appropriate and fashion-forward.  Put aside your neutral trousers and opt for a plaid pair that'll make such a statement, a T-shirt, turtleneck or basic sweater will suffice.  These stunning trousers will bring new life to every work week uniform. 
 Kim praised her as "The OG." Last night, you might've seen multiple Kim Kardashians on your Instagram feed. A select group of Kardashian-Jenner friends, celebrities and influencers modeled Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 collection by recreating the paparazzi shots where Kim first debuted the looks (styled by Carine Roitfeld) in December. The result was a complete, Yeezy-fied social media ambush inspired by one of the internet's most famous users. #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/ls7voophEl The Kim clones included Kylie Jenner's best friend Jordyn Woods, former Yeezy Season 4 model Amina Blue and model and Jaden Smith's ex Sarah Snyder—your classic Instagram cool girls. But one star we weren't expecting? Paris Hilton, the original cool girl of the 2000s. #YeezySeason6 #ParisHilton #ForeverTheOG https://t.co/LEsZYxKNYE pic.twitter.com/BVeeLprer4 Hilton ditched her usual glam wardrobe to pose in Yeezy's monochrome athleisure, sports bras, biker shorts and clunky dad sneakers, but she totally pulled it off. Kim praised her old friend (and former employer) and called her "The OG."  YeezySeason6 @ParisHilton pic.twitter.com/puin25dlSb "So much fun being a #KimClone in the new #YeezySeason6 campaign. 🔥," Hilton wrote on Instagram. For a moment last night, the early aughts power duo, Kim and Paris, joined forces once again—or at least on social media. The OG @ParisHilton #YEEZYSEASON6 pic.twitter.com/8QV00AijD0 Take a look at some of the other campaign stars below: Sami Miró, designer and model (you might recognize her as Zac Efron's former girlfriend)  #YEEZYSEASON6 #ad A post shared by  SAMI MIRÓ (@samimiro) on Jan 30, 2018 at 3:24pm PST Jordyn Woods, Kylie's BFF  #YEEZYSEASON6 #ad A post shared by  HEIR JORDYN (@jordynwoods) on Jan 30, 2018 at 4:31pm PST Amina Blue, model  #YEEZYSEASON6 #ad A post shared by @ amina.blue on Jan 30, 2018 at 3:05pm PST Sarah Snyder, model Kristen Noel Crawley, founder of KNC Beauty  #YEEZYSEASON6 #ad A post shared by  Kristen Noel Crawley 🧿 (@kristennoelcrawley) on Jan 30, 2018 at 3:08pm PST Shannon and Shannade Clermont (AKA the Clermont Twins), Bad Girls Club Season 14 alum  #YEEZYSEASON6 #ad A post shared by  Shannon and Shannade Clermont (@clermonttwins) on Jan 30, 2018 at 4:52pm PST Lela Star, adult film star Abigail Ratchford, Playboy and Maxim model   #YEEZYSEASON6 #ad A post shared by  ⚡️ A R  ⚡️ (@abigailratchford) on Jan 30, 2018 at 3:40pm PST Chinqpink  #YEEZYSEASON6 #ad A post shared by  chinqpink (@chinqpink) on Jan 30, 2018 at 3:35pm PST Madeleine Rose Yovanna Ventura, model  #YEEZYSEASON6 #ad A post shared by  Yovanna Ventura 🇩🇴 (@yoventura) on Jan 30, 2018 at 4:13pm PST
 It's time to bring back the glamour. Getting dressed up is coming back in a big way. Sure, athleisure is still a dominant street style trend, but ladylike elegance (think top-handle bags and chic evening wear) is continuously popping up on more and more runways. These 10 looks — all worn by the most sophisticated It-girls — are a great alternative to the plain white tee Not just for night, a lacy LBD becomes work appropriate with statement jewelry and black ankle booties.  Nicholas dress, $267 SHOP IT Take an all-white look to the next level by choosing sheer lace pants  or wide leg trousers and a floaty top. Keep accessories in the same hue, and opt for a drawstring pouch. Protagonist jacket, $234 SHOP IT Look for kitten heels with feminine details, like bows and knots, to really lean into the ladylike trends. Charlotte Olympia heels, $297 SHOP IT Opt for feathers rather than a print when reaching for an elegant daytime look. The trick: keep jewelry minimal and accessories neutral. Prada top, $373 SHOP Gone are the days of the extra-large tote bag. Bejeweled, evening-appropriate bags make a simple all-black suit feel extra special. Edie Parker bag, $683 SHOP IT Pair a pastel blazer with extra high heels and chandelier earrings to take it from weekend to dressed-up day.  W18 by Walter Baker, $198 SHOP IT Glamorous dresses don't need to stay in your closet during the day. Tone them down by opting for a casual hairstyle. MSGM dress, $492 SHOP IT The staple shirtdress has been upgraded. This version is polished, tailored, and full of special details—like extra wide sleeves and pearl buttons. Tibi dress, $264 SHOP IT Low heels may be the look du jour, but strappy stilettos will always upgrade a look, especially in a neutral hue. Stuart Weitzman shoes, $261 SHOP IT Take a tailored suit up an extra notch with sparkly, shoulder grazing earrings and diamond-encrusted heels. Jason Wu jacket, $998 SHOP IT Jason Wu pants, $558 SHOP IT
 Ooh la la, Dior, Chanel, Givenchy, et plus... We're in the final quarter of fashion month—with so many major runways left to see. See the best looks from the best shows happening in the City of Light. From Dior all the way to Chanel, Loewe, and Vuitton—get in losers, we're going to fashion week.  Nicolas Ghesquière went on a colorful and eclectic journey through time for spring. There were references to Art Nouveau, Paris' Belle Époque era, and even the Gibson girl. But amidst all the various time periods, colors (the colors!), prints, and silhouettes, there was a modernized stream of cohesion that proved Ghesquière is moving fashion forward, even while looking back.  Virginie Viard is looking to keep the house of Chanel young, fun, and steadfastly Parisian. With a set built to look like the iconic rooftops of Paris, the look was based on Nouvelle Vague or New Wave. Little hats, ultra feminine mini skirts, tweedy two piece suits with cropped pants, and some well-positioned denim brought the '50s look into the now. And plenty of logo dresses will please costumers who like to wear their Chanel loud and proud. While one may not realize just from looking at Sarah Burton's Spring 2020 collection—but the creative director took a sustainable approach to her latest offering for Alexander McQueen. She upcycled fabrics used in the past (even from Lee McQueen's days), and sourced fabrics from Ireland, enlisting the help of damask linen weavers and flax farmers. Together, it all created one of the most wearable collections to date but still encompassing that signature handiwork and attention to detail that we've come to expect.  Clare Waight Keller was all about the mix for Spring, citing, “fractal symmetries drawn from the botanical world entwine with a tough urban energy. From the blossoms of old-world Paris to the raw denim spirit of New York City.” That translated to leather trenches, floral gowns, volume, and street vibes. Those street vibes were most apparent in 90s denim, washed and distressed shorts, wide two-tone jeans and column skirts, the result of upcycling.  Pierpaolo Piccioli has won over even the most cynical fashion hearts. Who doesn’t fall in love all over again over dramatic, clean, pretty white poplin dresses while Frank Ocean croons Moon River over the loudspeakers? There were also bold neon hues on familiar dramatic silhouettes, some purple sparkles, white feathers, a black shorts suit on Kaia Gerber, and an intricate white gown that illicted gasps. 
 They're by Garrett Leight California Optical, and they're available now. Brad Pitt is an exceedingly cool guy. I mean, I don't know him or anything—though we can all get to know him a little better in Esquire's new interview with Pitt and his Once Upon a Time...In Hollywood buddies Quentin Tarantino and Leonardo DiCaptrio—but the guy exudes an aura of general coolness. And he doubled down on that vibe when he hit the red carpet at Cannes this Tuesday wearing a pair of extremely stylish sunglasses.  Because Pitt is, in addition to being a cool guy, a very famous guy, we're now lucky enough to know the provenance of those sunglasses: They're called the "Calabar," and they're by boutique eyewear brand Garrett Leight California Optical. The Calabar is a riff on the classic wayfarer shape—but with a few key changes.    First off, the shape is a little different than the old-school version of the wayfarer. The frames are more squared-off, and the browline isn't quite so flat, dipping at the bridge to give the glasses a new feel. Plus, the temple pieces are toned-down (and inspired by '50s car fins, if you're looking for a conversation-starter). Basically, they feel both retro and modern, which is a very good combo when it comes to sunglasses.  Plus, they're Brad Pitt-approved. Think about it: Once Upon a Time...In Hollywood is one of the summer's biggest releases. Cannes is one of the movie industry's biggest events, and a huge chance for stars to show off their style, to boot. If these sunglasses are good enough for a guy like Pitt at a time like this, they're good enough for your hungover coffee run this weekend.  At $340, the Calabar isn't exactly cheap. But good eyewear is worth the investment. You're wearing it on your face, after all. Don't you want your face to look good? Like, maybe even Brad Pitt good? Just don't forget your pair at the beach—or on the red carpet of the next gala you attend. Pitt probably wouldn't approve. 
From: Esquire US

 Tyler Joe captures every chic strut on the streets of New York and Brooklyn during fashion week. Rain or shine, New York Fashion week attendees put their best—well-heeled foot—forward. See how they dress for the shows.  Caroline Daur Tamu McPherson Cassie Anderson, Jennifer Csengody-Novetsky and Miguel Enamorado Kate Davidson-Hudson Erika Boldrin Christine Centenera Xenia Adonts Shiona Turini Leandra Medine and Eva Chen Irene Kim Kate Davidson Hudson Kerry Pieri in Jacquemus dress and Proenza Schouler shoes Gala Gonzalez in Proenza Schouler jacket. Gabby and Danielle Prescod Jessica Minkoff Cipriana and TK Wonder
 Royals are resourceful too.  Over the weekend, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle treated us all to another royal wedding appearance when they attended the nuptials of Harry's cousin, Celia McCorquodale in Lincolnshire, England.   For the occasion, the Duchess of Sussex channeled her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana, in a blue and white print Oscar de la Renta dress—which is still available to shop. In typical royal wedding guest attire, Meghan topped off her look with a white fascinator and a matching box clutch. But as it turns out, it was her cutout white satin pumps that were most significant.  Oscar de la Renta dress, $5,490, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW If the newlywed's shoe of choice looks familiar, it's because she already wore the bespoke satin Aquazzura pumps on her own wedding day (you may remember she married Prince Harry last month in a totally low-key and chill ceremony). Fans behind Meghan's Mirror, a style blog documenting the royal's outfits, were quick to spot the Duchess' accessory repeat.  SHOP SIMILAR AQUAZZURA SHOES Originally, the Duchess of Sussex wore the Aquazzura pumps with her second wedding reception dress by Stella McCartney.  Over the years, her sister-in-law Kate Middleton and Queen Elizabeth II have both become known to recycle outfits and accessories on numerous occasions (as have Prince George and Princess Charlotte). And it looks like the newest addition to the royal family plans to follow suit. 
 We appreciate you, Amal... It's a bittersweet day to be a woman in America.  In D.C., Dr. Christine Blasey Ford put everything on the line—her reputation, her safety, her privacy—to testify in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Amidst conversations around her courage and resilience, some women are tweeting about the pressure she must have felt in deciding what to wear: how to have her hair blown out, how much makeup to wear before going in front of the world to be judged, to speak about the darkest moments of her life.  It's complicated, the material aspects of being a woman, but all of those things, what we wear, how we do our hair, what lipstick to choose, or not choose, can be equal parts armor, self-care and, in the best of circumstances, up-lifting.   In New York City, Amal Clooney is appearing daily at UN meetings. To celebrate her unique and polished approach to style is not to undercut her intellect or her mitigate the important work that she does as a human rights attorney. It's to celebrate one aspect of being a woman—to find the light, ignore the haters.  And that polka dot suit, comprised of a flowing jacket, tied at the waist with a coordinating belt, with a slight ruffle at the sleeve, paired with a matching midi skirt, an oversized black bag (presumably for all of her legal docs) and simple black pumps, is a sartorial winner. It is technically a suit, but wears like a dress. Clooney has become a style icon, synonymous with her elegant style, often compared to Jackie O. This suit may or may not be vintage, but it's certainly vintage-inspired. It doesn't take itself too seriously, which is never to say Clooney doesn't take herself seriously.  The mom of twins kept her beauty look natural, with flowing, slightly curled, impossibly bouncy hair, a touch of blush and a light pink lip. Sapphire and diamond earrings frame her face, her nails are perfectly manicured in a high-shine, deep red hue.  Because being a woman can mean having the option of feeling beautiful and empowered all at once—and we are grateful to the ones who show up for all of us.
 Wardrobe essentials to shop for the upcoming season.  While it may seem like we're still getting through the thick of the warmer weather, it's never too early to start thinking about the fall trends you want to build up your wardrobe with. From slouchy boots to statement earrings, these are the must-have pieces you should be shopping now for the upcoming season.  Tailoring comes with a sporty twist this season, but the suit is still dressed up and ready to take you anywhere. Pair a chic white tee with white leather kicks, and add a layer of glamour with a gold watch and a luxe chain bag. From left clockwise: Native Shoes sneaker, $65, nativeshoes.com; Dior Timepieces watch, price up request, dior.com; J. Crew blazer $148, pants $90,jcrew.com; L'Agence t-shirt, $95,lagence.com. The classic wrap dress is back. Versatile and feminine, the new versions come long and in vivid prints and hues. Up the ante with an embellished shoe and a hint of shearling. From left clockwise: Prada shoes, $1,250, prada.com; Attico dress, $1,385,shopBAZAAR.com; Diane Von Furstenberg dress, $228, dvf.com. Add an architectural touch with link earrings in precious metals. From left: Jennifer Fisher earrings, $485, shopBAZAAR.com; Tiffany & Co. earrings, $5,000, tiffany.com; Fernando Jorge earrings, $4,750, fernandojorge.com. A renewed lust for everything ’80s has resulted in the return of logos and slogans emblazoned on shoes, bags, and tees. Get in on the trend with extras that proclaim their message loud and clear. From left clockwise: Moschino Couture bag, $925, moschino.com; Off-White c/o Virgil Abloh shoe, $877, off---white.com; Balenciaga bag $1,295, balenciaga.com; Versace shoes, $1,025, versace.com. Take your cue from Prada and add a fanciful touch to your outfit with a feather-trimmed skirt or dress. The key is to mix unexpected styles, colors, and textures.  Prada skirt, $3,400, similar style available at barneys.com. SHOP The knee-or thigh-high boot is the front-runner for fall. Look for it in 1980s-style slouchy leather with a sharp toe and an inverted heel. Pair it with a printed dress, a skirt, or over jeans. Models at Isabel Marant, Fall 2017 From left: Gianvito Rossi boot, $1,595, gianvitorossi.com; Michael Kors Collection, $895, michaelkors.com; Marc Jacobs boot, $975, marcjacobs.com; Saint Laurent by Anthony Vacarello boot, $1,895, saintlaurent.com.
 The designer presented his latest collection in Times Square.  For his last show during the traditional New York Fashion Week calendar, Alexander Wang set up office in Times Square.  Merging together some major '80s Working Girl vibes with the '90s Matrix look, Wang's Fall 2018 collection was presented in the cubicles of the former Conde Nast building at 4 Times Square. Sticking with the corporate vibe, signs reading 'AWG' (the Alexander Wang Group) covered the mock office.  A swift departure from the designer's usual #WANGFEST after party blowout, this season's show meant serious business. The collection was comprised of tailored suiting, leather trenches, deconstructed blazers, and ultra-small sunglasses that looked straight out of The Matrix. Of course, Wang still brought his own signature style to the corporate world with tights bedazzled with "CEO," pink tweed mini skirts, and sweatpants reading "A. Wang Platinum"—inspired by your office corporate card. Kaia Gerber hit the runway in a sexy, reconstructed blazer dress, but the show also had its fair share of futuristic leather looks mixed in with some of the designer's beloved streetwear.  Plus, Wang achieved the impossible and made tying a knit sweater around your shoulders look cool—no easy feat.  Along with the small black frames, a bedazzled pair of tiny cat-eye sunglasses hit the runway, an accessory that is sure to take over the street style scene and just about every model off-duty.  Beyond the collection, the beauty look also mirrored the '80s and '90s businesswoman aesthetic with models wearing giant silver claw clips in their hair.  If anyone can bring back the claw clip and the Working Girl look, it's undoubtedly Alexander Wang. 
 A new girl-power fashion collaboration is born for International Women's Month.  In celebration of International Women's Day on March 8th, luxury fashion e-tailer Net-A-Porter is launching a limited-edition female-centered collection in collaboration with six designers, with all proceeds benefitting Women for Women International. The collection features six unique graphic t-shirts designed by Stella McCartney, Ganni, Off White, Bella Freud, Rosie Assoulin, and Chloé. Each shirt is an interpretation of the designer's outlook on female empowerment, printed on a fresh cotton tee. The pieces are varied, but hold a common white backdrop and celebratory messages of women supporting women. And our guess—all will be quick to sell out. Of her gold chain design inspiration, Chloé's creative director, Natacha Ramsay-Levi, said it's a tribute to the symbolic union of femininity. “Recognizing both the universality and individuality of women was behind much of what I wanted to say with my first collection at Chloé," Ramsay-Levi explained. "This is what drew me to using a Cycladic totem of femininity, a symbol dating back more than four millenniums, yet still timeless, as a pendant necklace," she continued. "I wanted to translate this message for International Women’s Day, repeating this symbol in gold thread on the pocket with a matching metallic ring piercing through the sleeve. Together these details represent the life-giving force within all women.” Designer Bella Freud drew her inspiration from the unifying force of love. “Love is inclusive, it unites us," she said. "Love opens our hearts and minds to go beyond our limitations.” Though overtly more tongue-in-cheek, Ditte Reffstrup, Ganni's creative director, said his 'Girls on Top' shirt is both good-humored and celebratory. Reffstrup explained that his t-shirt was made for: “All the amazing girls and women who show the way forward and won’t be pigeonholed or held back by their gender.” Rosie Assoulin explained that her 'Do It For Grandma' design was inspired by her familial relationship to women, and the sense of shared history that bonds all of us together. Because really, we all got it from our grand-mamas. "I was inspired by my grandmother, who spoke many languages, and lived in many countries," Assoulin said. "With each brave move she experienced a strange and new place, and her wisdom and experience are invaluable. What our grandmothers lived through, historically and personally, is inspiring, and the equality we are able to fight for today was often unspeakable in their time." Net-A-Porter will donate 100% of the profits from the collection to Women for Women International, which, in its 25-year existence, has equipped more than 462,000 women across eight conflict-affected countries with the resources to break out of poverty and stand up for their rights. It's in the spirit of solidarity and sisterhood that this fashion collaboration is born—and in today's political climate, we couldn't be more here for it.
 Once again, phresh off the runway.  Rihanna is known to rock looks straight from the runway (she doesn't have a song called "Phresh Out The Runway" for nothing), so it's no surprise that her latest outfit comes right from Off-White's Spring 2018 collection.  Last night, the singer stepped out in the Virgil Abloh-designed look worn by Kaia Gerber on the runway at Paris Fashion Week. Posing in front of a giant framed $100 bill (how else does one show off their new outfit?), Bad Gal Riri wore the full look from the cropped camel jacket down to the white boots.  She accessorized it with a mini Louis Vuitton trunk bag and took to Instagram to share off more photos along with a side profile view because, why not give the people what they want?   And just in case you forgot what it looked like on the Off-White runway, 16-year-old Kaia Gerber wore it during her breakout fashion month:
 And she narrowly avoided a wardrobe malfunction.  Selena Gomez's style is always on point, and her latest outfit is no exception. Heading out to dinner on Friday night in Los Angeles with friends, Gomez opted for a gorgeous satin gown, with a dramatic thigh-high slit.  She paired the dress with a peach and pink Pieced Shearling Bomber by Coach: The singer wore a simple pair of pointy pumps with the gown, and accessorized the outfit with a waist-length necklace. Gomez is rumored to be dating ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber again, and she recently completed a program for depression and anxiety, according to People.  A source told the publication, "She felt like she needed to get away and focus on herself with no distractions. She came back feeling very empowered." 
From: ELLE US

 These gifts are fire.  It's no secret red is a classic Christmas color, but this year we're going beyond your stereotypical ruby red pout and crimson jumpsuit. Inspired by one of this season's hottest Fall runway trends, shop both budget-friendly and splurge-worthy red gifts that will take you through the holidays and beyond.  Saint Laurent shoe, $995, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Kitchenaid nespresso, $328, amazon.com BUY NOW T By Alexander Wang dress, $450, farfetch.com BUY NOW Alexandre Vauthier dress, $2,066, farfetch.com BUY NOW Dior lipstick in concord, $35, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Willimas Sonoma peppermint bark, $29, williams-sonoma.com BUY NOW Polaroid camera, $85, amazon.com BUY NOW Preen by Thorton Bregazzi dress, $1,350, netaporter.com BUY NOW Gucci bag, $1,980, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Uncommon Goods merlot-infused coffee, $20, uncommongoods.com BUY NOW La Perla bodysuit, $300, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Bite Beauty lip set, $25, sephora.com BUY NOW Balmain blazer, $2445, shopbazaar.com BUY NOW Christian Louboutin shoe, $675, nordstrom.com BUY NOW The Russian Tea Room, New York BOOK NOW Stuart Weitzman boots, $575, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Jay Strongwater ornament, $350, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Osman dress, $1,015, farfetch.com BUY NOW Bobbi Brown lipstick in plum, $29, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Mara and Mine satin slides, $250, maraandmine.com BUY NOW Alessandra Rich skirt, $1030, netaporter.com BUY NOW Burberry scarf, $395, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Chanel nail colour in shantung $28, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Ashish dress, $1,860, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Everlast boxing gloves, $20, amazon.com BUY NOW Charlotte Tillbury gift set, $315, selfridges.com BUY NOW Balenciaga coat, $3250, netaporter.com BUY NOW Clinique lipstick in runway coral, $18, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Bobbi Brown travel brush set, $139, shopbazaar.com BUY NOW Urbanears headphones, $70, shopbop.com BUY NOW
 VS Angel Candice Swanepoel is adding designer to her resume.  We couldn't think of a better authority on swimwear than Candice Swanepoel. The top model, and Victoria's Secret Angel has made a name for herself showing off her famously fit physique. So, it was no surprise today when she announced on Instagram that she'll be launching a swimwear brand of her own.  The brand, called Tropic of C, will be available starting next month and is comprised of '80's inspired one-pieces and Bond Girl-esque two-pieces. She added on her Instagram caption that the brand has been created with "loads of love." The breathtaking beach campaign was photographed at Amanyara in the Turks & Caicos.  The African beauty has a lot to celebrate these days. In December she announced that she's pregnant with her second child just a few weeks after walking the 2017 Victoria Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai. Meaning, yes, she walked the show while pregnant—although her fans were none the wiser.  Swanepoel also shared last week that she is having another boy. Her first child, Anaca was born in October of 2016. Her fellow Angel gal pal Behati Prinsloo is also pregnant for the second time. The two models gave birth to their first children within a month of each other.  Swanepoel was recently photographed spending the holidays in Brazil, where her fiance, Herman Nicoli is from. The beautiful couple was joined by fellow supermodel Doutzen Kroes, husband Sunnery James and their two children.  For now, Swanepoel fans can sign up for updates on topicofc.com to be the first to shop the supermodel's designs. 
 After skipping a season, the singer/designer is returning to the NYFW calendar.  If last season's New York Fashion Week calendar seemed less exciting, it's probably because it was missing Rihanna riding a dirt-bike down the runway. But good news for this September: the singer/designer is making a return to NYFW after sitting last season out.  As WWD reports, not only is Bad Gal Riri slated to show during this season's schedule, she's actually serving as the grand finale of the week. Unlike her previous runways in New York and Paris, she's showing without Puma this time.  Instead, Rihanna will host a Savage x Fenty event, bringing her collection of lingerie to the New York Fashion Week scene for the first time. The presentation, which is set to be an "immersive experience," is slated to take place in Brooklyn at 7:30 PM on Wednesday, September 12, following the Marc Jacobs show at 6:00 PM. Rihanna closing out NYFW in lingerie? Yes, please.  The Savage x Fenty presentation will be shown in a see-now, buy-now format and available to shop immediately at SavageX.com and a series of pop-up shops this fall.  Bad & BOUjee ✖️| @shabakaaa serving #BLACKWIDOW in the Sheer Marabou Romper A post shared by  SAVAGE X FENTY BY RIHANNA (@savagexfenty) on Aug 20, 2018 at 9:01pm PDT Upon its brand launch in May, the Savage x Fenty website instantly crashed several times due to such high-demand. Featuring bras, underwear, furry robes, and more, Rihanna's line of lingerie and intimate accessories was heralded not only for being affordable, but for being inclusive in terms of sizing. Along with featuring a diverse lineup of models, the collection also boasted a wide range of nude shade options for all skin tones in both bras and underwear.  SHOP SAVAGE x FENTY LINGERIE NOW
 Style staples you'll put on outfit repeat. Retail therapy works! You made it through another week, treat yo self to an updated wardrobe—or just one great piece that'll transform your spring and summer style. From Tibi's red haute booties to Ganni's floral frock, these 12 new ShopBAZAAR arrivals are the chicest finds of the season.  Playful and elegant, wear this yellow stunner to weddings, cocktail hour and summer picnics.  Rachel Comey dress, $550, shopbazaar.com SHOP Senior Digital Editor Chrissy Rutherford is on the prowl... Staud bag, $195, shopbazaar.com SHOP Paint the town red with a pair of boots that'll transform your walk to a strut.  Tibi boot, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP Matte, pigmented and long-wearing—what else could you ask for in a lipstick? Laura Mercier lipstick, $28, shopbazaar.com SHOP Brand-of-the-moment Ganni is feeding our floral obsession with this perfect summer frock.  Ganni dress, $235, shopbazaar.com SHOP Go bold or go home. Statement earrings are the modern girl's best friend.  Lizzie Fortunato earrings, $240, shopbazaar.com SHOP A sleek maillot in classic black can do no wrong.  Proenza Schouler, $245, shopbazaar.com SHOP Introducing the sandals you'll never take off this summer.  Cornetti sandals, $250, shopbazaar.com SHOP Make a stylish entrance in a dress that commands attention.  Altuzarra dress, $2,495, shopbazaar.com SHOP Channel your inner Jane Birkin with this absolutely perfect straw tote.  Loewe bag, $450, shopbazaar.com  SHOP Get your prep on with a pair of loafers that never go out of style.  Mansur Gavriel shoes, $425, shopbazaar.com SHOP Pretty in pink and chic as can be.  Rhode Resort dress, $365, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Will the real Carla Bruni please stand up? Supermodel and singer Carla Bruni and top model Bella Hadid have us seeing double. Both ladies are currently in France for the annual Cannes Film Festival, and the pair posed for pictures together during a dinner for Dior last night. When Bruni posted a black and white photo of herself and Hadid in a warm embrace to her Instagram, we had to do a double-take. They're basically twins. Despite both women wearing two distinct outfits—Hadid in a Dior nude off-the-shoulder top and skirt and Bruni in a Celine by Hedi Slimane black turtleneck—their glam was essentially the same. Both sported face-framing wispy bangs and put their matching brunette hair in an updo.   "With my (slightly younger) sister @bellahadid 😜🦋💕at the @vogueparis x @Dior dinner in Cannes," Bruni captioned her Instagram. "Love you so very much 🖤🖤🖤," Hadid responded in the comments section. Bella's mother, Yolanda Hadid, even chimed in, adding two red heart emojis, letting everyone know that she approves of their precious twinning moment.  With my (slightly younger) sister @bellahadid 😜🦋💕at the @vogueparis x @Dior dinner in Cannes A post shared by  Carla Bruni (@carlabruniofficial) on May 15, 2019 at 3:02pm PDT Interestingly enough, this isn't the first time Bruni has embraced Hadid as her mini doppelgänger. On May 13, Bruni shared another black and white snapshot of herself and Hadid smizing at the camera during the 2018 Cannes Film Festival. At the time she wrote "Do I have a hidden daughter? ❤️ @bellahadid" as her caption.  Do I have a hidden daughter? ❤️ @bellahadid A post shared by  Carla Bruni (@carlabruniofficial) on May 13, 2018 at 2:42pm PDT Perhaps in the future, the two models will continue to use the Cannes Film Festival as their yearly meeting spot to perplex us all with their stunning look-alike features. 
 The piece that will transform your closet, and you. Each week on ShopBAZAAR.com, we feature one Hero—an item that deserves your keenest attention—carefully chosen by Harper's Bazaar editors, and it was only a matter of time for us to collaborate with our go-to jewelry brand, Lele Sadoughi, and co-design an exclusive piece, just for you.  Our Accessories Director, Amanda Alagem, worked with Lele to create a pair of earrings in a timeless marble finish and playful shape that’s BAZAAR worthy. From elegant eveningwear to casual basics, these face framing danglers will become the all-star to all your looks. Lele Sadoughi earrings, $188, shopbazaar.com SHOP Guerlain lipgloss, $32, shopbazaar.com, Aurélie Bidermann cuff, $780, shopbazaar.com, Loewe dress, $3,950, shopbazaar.com, Lele Sadoughi earrings, $188, shopbazaar.com, CVC Stones ring, $2,800, shopbazaar.com, The Row sandal, $890, shopbazaar.com, Gucci bag, $990, shopbazaar.com SHOP Lele Sadoughi earrings, $188, shopbazaar.com, Rag & Bone coat, $895, shopbazaar.com, Alexa Chung top, $120, shopbazaar.com, Eve Denim, $310, shopbazaar.com, Guerlain nail polish, $25, shopbazaar.com, Givenchy bag, $990, shopbazaar.com, 3.1 Phillip Lim boot, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP Simon Miller pants, $285, shopbazaar.com, Le Specs sunglasses, $119, shopbazaar.com, Simon Miller dress, $300, shopbazaar.com, Laura Mercier lipgloss, $28, shopbazaar.com, Lele Sadoughi earrings, $188, shopbazaar.com, Carolina Santo Domingo bag, $795, shopbazaar.com, Loeffler Randall sandal, $325, shopbazaar.com  SHOP
 It's la dolce vita, fashion week style... As the fashion set settles into that Italian light, see what they're wearing front row at Gucci, Prada, Fendi and more... Aemelia Madden Caroline Daur in Chloe Jenny Walton Binx Walton Vanessa Hong Xenia Adonts Bettina Looney Mayowa Nicholas Gilda Ambrosio Xenia Adonts Tiffany Hsu Linda Tol in Prada Leonie Hanne Deborah Reyner Sebag Sylvia Haghjoo Caroline Daur Christine Centenera Linda Tol Aemilia Madden Xenia Adonts  Sophia Roe Yoyo Kulala Maria Bernad Brittany Xavier Leonie Hanne Yoyo Kulala Amanda Alagem Tamu McPherson Loulou de Saison Yoyo Kulala Christine Centenera  Lisa Aiken Caroline Daur Anna Vitiello Bettina Looney Amanda Alagem Leonie Hanne Christine Centenera Yoyo Kulala Tina Leung Evangelie Smyrniotaki Xenia Adonts Caroline Daur and Caroline Vreeland Gala Gonzalez Bella Hadid
 They're musically inclined and dressed to impress... In Yanina Couture and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry Why we love it: Teigen literally glows in draped silver sequins. In Giorgio Armani Made to Measure  Why we love it: A bordeaux one-button peak lapel velvet evening jacket makes the perfect amount of statement. In Alexandre Vaulthier Why we love it: The singer/actress brought out her inner rock star in purple boots. In Giorgio Armani Why we love it: It takes the right amount of cool and confidence to pull off a white tux and Glover has it in spades. In Custom Nicolas Jebran and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry Why we love it: The queen looks right at home on her throne in this well-accessorized look.  In Dolce & Gabbana Why we love it: Breaking rank from her standard black and white paid off in this floral tux. In Armani Prive and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry Why we love it: Gaga has had her fair share of newsworthy looks at the Grammys over the years, but standout black lace and a ball gown is one for the books. In Gucci Why we love it: The songstress is giving Grecian goddess vibes in this '70s inspired gown. In Alexandre Vaulthier Haute Couture and Le Vian Diamonds Why we love it: Chocolate patent leather never had it so good—and Rihanna can rock a trench-as-dress like no one else. In Giuseppe Zanotti Why we love it: What's not to love about a man in crystal shoes and a great tux?
 The brand says Stefano Gabbana's account was hacked. Dolce & Gabbana has quickly canceled its Shanghai show on the day of the event, following claims that designer Stefano Gabbana has posted offensive Instagrams regarding China.  The controversial posts appeared on Stefano Gabbana's account following backlash to a series of videos the brand released. Titled "eating with chopsticks," the videos featured a model being instructed in Mandarin by a male voice how to eat Italian food, including pizza and spaghetti. Critics said the videos trivialized "China's centuries-old culture... depicting Chinese women in a stereotypical and even racist way" (via BBC and Jing Daily). Gabbana appeared to criticize China in a series of posts and messages, in an attempt to defend the "eating with chopsticks," and lament the fact that it had been deleted from Chinese social network Weibo. Diet Prada posted a screenshot of the Instagram exchange between Gabbana and Michaela Phuong Thanh Tranova:  As @dolcegabbana prepares to mount their next runway show in Shanghai this coming evening (7:30PM) and the rest of Instagram fawns over what’s sure to be an overly lavish “love letter” to China, we’ll be wondering if we’ll see chopsticks as hair ornaments, take-out boxes as purses, or even kimonos misappropriated as Chinese costume.  Time will tell.  For now, we’ll let y’all simmer on this DM between Stefano and Dieter @michaelatranova (chronology is reversed in slides). Word has it that they’re still in the process of model casting (over 200 Asian girls scheduled)...wouldn’t let them walk the show if we were their agents lol.  Also, curious what the Chinese government will think of their country being called shit basically...especially considering how strict they are on who to allow to enter the country on work visas based on a thorough social media background checks. • #DGTheGreatShow #DGlovesChina #runway #fashionshow #cancelled #racism #dolceandgabbana #altamoda #rtw #dgmillennials #stefanogabbana #shanghai #chinese #china #wtf #dumb #lame #asianmodel #asian #dietprada A post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Nov 20, 2018 at 7:05pm PST According to WWD, actress Zhang Ziyi was one of the first stars to say that she would no longer be attending, while the China Bentley modeling agency revealed that the 24 models they represent who were meant to be walking in the show would now be boycotting. Apologizing for the posts, Gabbana wrote on his personal account, "My Instagram account has been hacked. My legal office is working on this. I love China and the Chinese culture. I’m so sorry for what happened." The brand's official page also shared two apologies regarding the incident:  Our Instagram account has been hacked. So has the account of Stefano Gabbana. Our legal office is urgently investigating. We are very sorry for any distress caused by these unauthorized posts, comments and direct messages. We have nothing but respect for China and the people of China.  Dolce & Gabbana 的官方Intragram 账号和 Stefano Gabbana 的 Instagram 账号被盗，我们已经立即通过法律途径解决。我们为这些不实言论给中国和中国人民造成的影响和伤害道歉。我们对中国和中国文化始终一贯的热爱与尊重。 A post shared by  Dolce & Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) on Nov 20, 2018 at 9:26pm PST  A post shared by Dolce & Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) on Nov 21, 2018 at 6:27am PST  SUBSCRIBE
 Demonstrated by BAZAAR’s Kerry Pieri. When curating your fall wardrobe, shorts and high hemlines probably aren't at the top of your list. But to that, we say: why not? Thanks to the versatile power of tights, you can wear almost any piece year-round—the trick is clever layering. To demonstrate, our Fashion and Features Director Kerry Pieri styled four different pairs of Calzedonia tights with outfits for four different occasions: work, date night, the weekend, and a formal night out.  Some may balk at the idea of wearing shorts in brisk weather, but pairing them with Calzedonia's cozy pair of super-warm cashmere tights makes them perfect for cold-weather styling.  Here, Kerry styles tailored schoolboy shorts with a plaid coat and combat boots—which adds an edge to the otherwise preppy look.    A V-neck cardigan dress with a few added layers—such as a turtleneck and a pair of seamless, sheer polka-dot tights—can easily take you from work to dinner or drinks. Kerry complements the tights’ fun pattern with macro-embellished buttons.  For a ‘70s-inspired look, Kerry mixes three fall-ready pieces: a cashmere top, a corduroy mini skirt, and leather loafers. Each texture can stand on its own, but it’s the opaque Calzedonia tights in a warm gray hue that bridge the white-and-black duotones and create one fresh, modern look.  This black wrap dress, complete with dramatic statement sleeves and luxe draping, makes for a sophisticated look perfect for a formal evening. The rich satin sheen of the dress offsets Kerry's super-sheer seamless tights—which allows for open-toe platforms even in brisk weather.
 NYFW designers will lend their support   For the second season in a row the New York fashion industry is coming together to stand up for what’s right. Today, the Council of Fashion Designers of America has announced that it will be launching an initiative during fashion week to support the ACLU. Titled “Fashion for ACLU,” the CFDA is hoping it will encourage its members to speak out against racism, bigotry, and hatred. “We want to be on the front line, not the sidelines, to boldly fight to protect our precious rights and freedoms, which has taken on a renewed urgency after the heart-wrenching events of Charlottesville,” Steven Kolb, President and CEO of the CFDA, said in a statement. “Our goal is to actively support concrete work that will move our country meaningfully forward. The ACLU is doing that critical work.” Designers are being asked to feature the “Fashion for ACLU” tagline at their events, and to pass out a special edition of the ACLU’s blue lapel ribbon. Meanwhile, attendees are being asked to use #StandWithACLU and #FashionforACLU when posting on social media. Over 50 designers (including Adam Selman, Diane von Furstenberg, Monse, Opening Ceremony, Prabal Gurung, and Public School, among others) have already pledged to help promote the initiative.  Additionally, the ride-share service Lyft will run a special promotion during fashion week where it will donate $5 from rides to and from NYFW events to the ACLU, when riders use the promo code “FASHIONSTANDS.” This will mark the second season in a row in which the CFDA has put its weight behind a worthy cause. Last season it partnered with Planned Parenthood, creating pink buttons that were worn by many all week long. It goes to show that not only does New York fashion have a heart, but that it is also fearless in the face of adversity. 
From: CR Fashion Book

 Give your feet the royal treatment.   You guys, it looks like Meghan Markle's treasured Sarah Flint sandals, the Grear style in "Saddle," are finally back in stock today. Great news if you've ever tried to cop these bad boys previously, only to find that they were sadly sold out. What makes them her fave shoes, you ask? Only the fact that she's worn them, like, a thousand times. OK, maybe not a THOUSAND, but you get my drift.  She wore them twice while on her royal tour of Australia last year and she also wore them at the Audi Polo Challenge last June. Plus, she was even seen wearing them *before* she was a Duchess because they were all over her now-deleted Instagram.  While they aren't exactly inexpensive, they're definitely not as much as the Givenchy dresses and Aquazzura pumps she sports on some formal occasions. Need more of an incentive to snag yourself a pair? According to a press release, the last time there was a restock, they sold out in less than one. day. While Meg is a fan of the tan colorway (which is by far the most in-demand version), the shoe is also available in white, gold, and, now, in a brand-new black hue.  Anyway, it's almost summer, and your toes deserve to be freed in these Duchess-approved sandals, right? Treat yourself!   
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Rising rent and falling visitor numbers have led to the iconic store's demise Iconic department store Barneys is set to close after it filing for bankruptcy. The New York department store has felt the effects of rising rents and fewer visitors to its luxury fashion boutiques.  The chain listed estimated liabilities of between $100 million and $500 million and sought to avert bankruptcy by finding a partner or buyer, according to the Business of Fashion. George Angelich, from law firm Arent Fox, explained that “it becomes very challenging to maintain profitability” when rents increase and consumers favour buying online rather than in store.  Its closure marks changing times for the high-street, as more consumers favor shopping online than in brick and mortar stores.  Here in the UK, there are similar pressures. One in 12 shops on the British high-street have closed in the last five years according to the Guardian. In June, Topshop, formerly a British high street giant, was saved from administration after a company voluntary arrangement (CVA) agreed to Green’s proposed rent cuts - up to 50 per cent less - plus 23 store closures and 520 job losses. Barneys quickly became an icon of high fashion for men and women in the 1970s, after originally being founded as a men’s retailer in 1923. The Manhattan store went bankrupt before in 1996 after falling out with a Japanese partner.  In 2019, the retailer is owned by investor Richard Perry and operates stores in New York City on Madison Avenue and Chelsea. Other store locations include Beverly Hills, Chicago, Seattle, Boston, San Francisco and Las Vegas.  Barneys planned to downsize the Madison Avenue store to reduce the annual rent, which had tripled the year according to Bloomberg.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 The no-fail lens you'll wear all year long.  Offered up in every shape from aviator to cat-eye to ultra-small specs, mirrored lenses are one of the few sunglasses trends that truly works on everyone—not just your favorite It models. And not only do mirrored sunnies keep your eyes completely hidden (perfect for those who roll their eyes to burn calories), they also make for the perfect mirror on-the-go when needed—which is an important bonus when purchasing any accessory, of course. As spring and summer quickly approach, click through to shop the best mirrored sunglasses sure to go with all your looks.  Illesteva sunglasses, $190, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Topshop sunglasses, $30, topshop.com. SHOP Seafolly aviators, $79, nordstrom.com. SHOP Roberi & Fraud sunglasses, $250, farfetch.com. SHOP Adam Selman x Le Specs sunglasses, $120, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Retrosuperfuture sunglasses, $269, farfetch.com. SHOP Chimi sunglasses, $100, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Carrera sunglasses, $90, amazon.com. SHOP Le Specs sunglasses, $120, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Giorgio Armani aviators, $320, sunglasshut.com. SHOP Seafolly sunglasses, $79, seafolly.com. SHOP Victoria Beckham sunglasses, $325, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Saint Laurent sunglasses, $340, net-a-porter.com. SHOP McQ by Alexander McQueen sunglasses, $210, farfetch.com. SHOP Illesteva sunglasses, $177, revolve.com. SHOP Westward Leaning sunglasses, $205, westwardleaning.com. SHOP
 Are you a pink Miu Miu basket girl or a funky '70s inspired Gucci lady? While Céline is offering up oversized scarf bags, Gucci is misspelling its own name, Prada is on the comic book beat and Chanel is in the clear.  Take your pick of the best bags of the season.  When a bag gets the scarf treatment... Céline Medium Scarf Bag in Beige Patchwork, $6,200, Celine Madison Avenue. SHOP Are you more of a white and tan girl or black and brown? Louis Vuitton Chantilly Lock Monogram Noir,  $2,310, available at select Louis Vuitton stores (866.vuitton), louisvuitton.com SHOP An evening bag never had it this artful... The Row Evening Case, $1,790, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Gucci turns the tables on counterfitters with one cool '70s inspired bag. Gucci mini shoulder bag in white leather with gold frame and stars Guccy print, $1790,gucci.com. SHOP This tote somehow manages to appear beachy and super luxe all at once. Fendi bag, price upon request, fendi.com for details. SHOP Get checked in with this graphic stunner... Dior Soft “Lady Dior” Bag in Black and White Printed Soft Calfskin, $6,000, available at Dior Boutiques nationwide (1-800-929 -Dior) Red patent is all the rage and this bag delivers on the trend... Alexander McQueen bag, $3990, alexandermcqueen.com. SHOP Wear your high art on your handbag... Prada bag, price upon request, prada.com. SHOP A little studding and some classic lettering add up to a Valentino bag with a lot to say... Valentino Garavani Medium Shoulder Bag, $2,895 each, Valentino boutiques.  For when you want your bag to steal the proverbial show.  Hermés “Birkin” Handbag in Magenta, $18,900, available at Hermès stores nationwide.  SHOP A work bag that will change how you look at work bags forever... Proenza Schouler tote, $1,095, proenzaschouler.com. SHOP The basket bag gets a modern white leather update. Pamela Munson bag, $365, pamelamunson.com. SHOP A little star print goes a long way to adding just the right whimsy to any look. Michino Squarit PM in navy star, $1295, barneys.com. SHOP Chanel's waterproof theme for the season is right on time for spring showers—but we'll take this beauty rain or shine. Chanel bag, $3,000, available at select CHANEL Boutiques nationwide 800-550-0005.  Color-blocked and ready to add a little welcome color to any spring ensemble... Loewe "Gate Bag," $2,590, Loewe Miami Design District boutique. A little pouchette with whimsy to spare feels right on time. Les Petits Joueurs bag, $740,saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Stripes and florals feel perfectly on preppy time for spring. Roger Vivier bag, $3850, rogervivier.com. SHOP A classic shape in a stunner in an unexpected hue... Myriam Schaefer "Baby Lord Handbag," $4,100, Holt Renfrew. Basket detail and rose colored leather—get your girly on in one very charming bag... Miu Miu bag $1560, select Miu Miu boutiques, miumiu.com. SHOP A shearling mini backpack works for spring in a welcome dove gray shade. Mlouye bag, $410.00, mlouye.com. SHOP LA-based fashion girl go-to Staud's bag comes in a pretty new pink... Staud bag, $375, staud.com. SHOP A classic shape gets a bold update in vibrant yellow with a no-holds-barred logo detail. Balenciaga bag, price upon request, balenciaga.com. SHOP A day bag with just the right details... Burberry "The Belt Bag," $2,290, us.burberry.com. SHOP
 His family said he “had been in failing health of late and was heartbroken over the recent death of his beloved daughter.” Just two weeks after designer Kate Spade died at 55, her father, Earl F. (Frank) Brosnahan, has died at 89, his family announced in a statement Thursday. Funeral services for Spade were just about to start at the time of the announcement, the Kansas City Star reported. “We are deeply saddened to announce that Katy’s father, Earl F. Brosnahan, Jr. (Frank), passed away last night at age 89. He had been in failing health of late and was heartbroken over the recent death of his beloved daughter,” the statement read. “He was at home and surrounded by family at the time of his passing.”    Brosnahan, who lived in Kansas City, Missouri, was a veteran of the U.S. Navy who took over his family’s construction business from his father. He and his wife, June Therese Mullen, were married in 1953 and had six children, including Kate, before divorcing in 1972. He remarried, and his wife, Sandy Palmer, was by his side when he died.    He told the Kansas City Star he hoped some good would come out of conversations surrounding his daughter’s death. "One thing we feel is that any talk that they do that helps somebody else, Katy would have liked that," he said. "She was always giving and charitable. If that helped anybody avoid anything—fine, she'd be delighted."   Kate Spade New York announced plans Wednesday to donate $1 million to mental health awareness and suicide prevention charities.   
 The French house is headed to Hamburg, Germany. Karl Lagerfeld has chosen his hometown of Hamburg, Germany, as the next location for Chanel's Métiers d’Art, the French house confirmed to WWD. The venue of choice is the Elbphilharmonie, an architecturally stunning concert hall perched right on the Elbe River, overlooking the city's port. The presentation will take place on December 6. The structure, known for its wave-like roof, was designed by architects Jacques Herzog and Pierre de Meuron. Although it just opened inJanuary, it was inspired by ancient amphitheaters and stadiums like the theater at Delphi.  The collection hitting the runway will be Chanel's pre-fall, ready-to-wear range, which Lagerfeld debuted 16 years ago. (We imagine models will parade the looks from floor to floor in the concert hall's abstract interior, but who knows what he has in mind.)  The designer has previously shown Métiers d’Art collections in the Ritz in Paris, Dallas, Salzburg and Tokyo.  Lagerfeld just presented his Spring 2018 range for the French house yesterday at Paris Fashion Week, debuting some chic rainwear alongside artificial (but nonetheless astonishing) waterfalls in the Grand Palais.
 He marks the brand's first African-American artistic director. Virgil Abloh, founder of high-fashion streetwear brand Off-White and creative director for Kanye West, has been named the new menswear artistic director for Louis Vuitton.  He is the first African-American artistic director the brand, and is one of the few designers of color to helm a major fashion house, following Olivier Rousteing for Balmain and Ozwald Boateng for Givenchy (during 2003-2007), the New York Times reports.  Abloh will debut his first collection for Vuitton in June for men's fashion week in Paris. He replaces Kim Jones, who left in January to become the menswear designer for Christian Dior, a position previously held by Kris Van Assche for 11 years. Like Abloh, Jones will also host his first show for Dior in June. The Off-White designer announced his new position late last night with a cryptic picture of a Vuitton trunk on Instagram. "I feel elated," Abloh told the New York Times. "This opportunity to think through what the next chapter of design and luxury will mean at a brand that represents the pinnacle of luxury was always a goal in my wildest dreams. And to show a younger generation that there is no one way anyone in this kind of position has to look is a fantastically modern spirit in which to start." Louis Vuitton CEO Michael Burke praised Abloh's "innate creativity and disruptive approach (that) have made him so relevant, not just in the world of fashion but in popular culture today." Indeed, since meeting Kanye over 10 years ago and founding Off-White in 2013, Abloh has risen to prominence with beyond just fashion folk, and has become a favorite among stylish young people. (He often makes a cameo on Bella Hadid's Instagram.) The designer will continue to helm Off-White and collaborate with West. His first order of business at Vuitton? Creating an "eight-page brand manual" to "define new codes," Abloh explained to NYT. "My muse has always been what people actually wear, and I am really excited to make a luxury version of that." Associated Press contributed reporting.
 The tried and tested heels for walking pain and blister-free.  The term “comfortable heels” may sound like an urban fashion legend, but trust us: they exist. From platforms to block heels to classic pumps, there are plenty of footwear options that give you some height without sacrificing comfort or style (these aren’t your grandma’s orthopedic heels). If you’re still in search of the perfect pair that you can stand/walk/survive in without battling blisters or crippling pain, look no further than these heels that were tried and tested by the editors of BAZAAR.com. Scroll down to shop them all (your feet can thank us later).  "In the summer, sometimes all you need is a colorful mule to take an outfit to the next level. I love this pair from M. Gemi; just slip them on and go!" —Erica Gonzales, News and Entertainment Editor "A wedge is the ultimate way to get height without sacrificing comfort. I lived in these Chloé espadrilles throughout my pregnancy and they're still my summer go-to." —Joyann King, Executive Director  "These sandals have quickly become my favorite summer heel because they're the perfect mix of comfort and fashUN. Not only are they the perfect walking height, the straps don't uncomfortably dig into your feet, which is difficult when shopping the strappy sandal trend." —Lauren Alexis Fisher, Market Editor "A good platform gives you all the height with none of the pain associated with other heels. Prada makes a good one." —Kerry Pieri, Fashion/Features Director  "Honestly, I've never had a bad experience in a Schutz heel, they're so comfortable and this style has become my go-to because you can literally wear them with anything." —Chrissy Rutherford, Special Projects Director, Talent and Social  "This is the MOST comfortable heel I own. It dresses up all of my summer outfits, and I’m able to stand for long periods of time without my feet aching. It’s the perfect work-to-happy hour shoe." —Ingrid Frahm, Photo Designer “I rarely wear heels—so if I have a rare super-fancy event I don’t mind if my shoes make my feet ache. But if I have an occasion that requires wearing heels for longer than just a dinner, I’ll reach for the Banana Republic 12-Hour Pump. I have them in three colors and can wear them all day long without even an inkling of discomfort. They’re inexpensive and basic and I can run around in them.” —Jenna Rosenstein, Beauty Director  “These heeled sandals are great in warmer weather and can take you from work into the weekend. I especially love the pop of yellow with a pair of jeans or a simple sundress.”  —Lauren Sheffield, Content Strategy Manager "My giant feet make it hard to find shoes that fit, look good, and are comfortable. I swear by Madewell’s block-y heels for everything; they put them on dozens of styles and I tend to buy them in every color." —Julie Kosin, Director of Audience Strategy and Entertainment "I wear these boots all fall and winter (and sometimes with short skirts in the summer) and can run in them if needed! I own them in suede, velvet, and satin and they go with absolutely everything.  They easily transition from weekend wear, to the office to nights out–I pair them just as easily with cocktail dresses as I do with jeans and sweaters during the colder months.” —Carrie Goldberg, Weddings & Travel Director "These start out miserably uncomfortable, like most new shoes, but after a week, they feel like slippers. The chunky, 2-inch heels helps—they never get stuck in New York City grates, and they're just high enough to avoid hurting the ball of your foot." —Olivia Fleming, Features Director
 Bella Hadid's latest Versace runway look says yes. A group of wise prophets once said, "I don't think you're ready for this jelly," and that's the only way to preface the information I'm about to drop here: exposed thongs are trying to stage a comeback. Let's all take a moment of silence before we embark on this journey together... Over the weekend, Versace Men's Spring 2020 runway show unfolded in Milan. A total of 58 looks, comprised of both men and womenswear, ranged from leather to suiting to animal print. But amongst the lineup of very Versace prints and silhouettes, one late '90s/early '00s trend snuck in: an exposed (and bedazzled) thong paired with low-rise pants. Perhaps more importantly, it was worn by none other than Bella Hadid.  If you're confused about the significance and severity of the situation here, let me remind you of a key line that our Founding Fathers once wrote in the Constitution, "anything Bella Hadid wears shall become a trend immediately." I don't make the rules, people, I'm just reporting the facts. Of course, the return of the exposed thong trend shouldn't come as a complete surprise. With fashion's current obsession with nostalgia, we've seen the return of just about every '90s and '00s trend (from ultra-tiny sunglasses to heeled flip flops and so on) in the past few seasons. It was only a matter of time until wearing our underwear above our pants became a Thing again. Most recently, Hailey Bieber brought the exposed thong to the red carpet at this year's Camp-themed Met Gala. Nostalgic camp, it seems, is having a moment outside the Met Costume Exhibition too.  As well as being worn by every It girl of the early 2000s (Britney, Xtina, Paris, etc.), the exposed thong also notoriously made it to many red carpets of the past. Gillian Anderson famously wore the look to an Oscars after party in 2001, while Halle Berry and Christina Aguilera both hit red carpets in thong-baring dresses in the year 2000.   The exposed thong's status was of course cemented with the 1999 anthem, "Thong Song" by Sisqo. Love it or hate it, how many questionable trends have received a full-on bop in their honor? The correct answer is: that thong thong thong thong thong. If anyone has the power to bring back this polarizing trend in the year 2019, it's Bella Hadid. But are we all ready to show off our thongs again? In this economy? Only time (and our Instagram feeds) will tell...
 The best-selling author opens up about the couture Christian Dior dress that gave her some of her most magical memories.  A love story about a dress. That sounds a little odd. But a special dress in this case. An haute couture dress from Christian Dior in Paris. From the Fall/Winter 1994 haute couture collection in Paris, designed by Gianfranco Ferré. A dress in which memories are made. Haute couture is a rare art form today. It’s something I grew up watching and loving, with a lifelong passion for fashion. I was lucky enough to go to haute couture shows as a young girl in Paris, in my teens. My grandmother gave me my first couture suit at 17 by a designer who has long since disappeared. I loved it, it was pale blue and white wool, and I wore it with my Twiggy-styled hair then and felt incredibly chic. And my mother-in-law gave me my first haute couture evening gown when I married, a black satin Balenciaga evening gown. It had previously been hers and fit me like a glove. My passion for fashion was serious and sincere. I eventually went to Parsons School of Design at the same time I attended NYU. Five of my nine children are daughters, three of whom work in fashion, and have the same love of beautiful clothes that I have. I took them to the haute couture shows when they were very little children. And yes, haute couture clothes have always been expensive, but not the way they are today. Today, they are out in the stratosphere. There are almost no haute couture houses left. The only ones remaining of the original houses are Dior and Chanel. It is a very rare protected species now, but it’s still alive! "There are two to three fittings, and it will be many months before you get your dress. The anticipation is part of the mystery and the magic." What defines “haute couture” is that every stitch is made by hand (not a single machine stitch anywhere!). Designed by a great master, the garment is then handled by seamstresses who train as apprentices for 12 years before they are allowed to make the actual clothes. For the client, first she goes to the runway show, in January and July for haute couture, by invitation only, in an impressive location. Gorgeous models wear the clothes; movie stars and fashion editors and presidents’ wives attend. And then you go to an appointment at the couture house, and try on the clothes you loved most in the show. It makes one dream a bit, there is magic in the air, you put on an exquisite gown and feel like a fairy princess. And that’s only the beginning. There are two to three fittings, and it will be many months before you get your dress. The anticipation is part of the mystery and the magic. The first fitting is in muslin, which is part of the ritual. The next fitting or two are in the actual dress in the fabric it was designed for. And at last, in an exquisite box, the gown or dress or suit arrives, and there is your gem, your prize, the dress you dreamed of for many months, which fits you to perfection and you have a dress you will love forever, and hopefully in which you will have experiences you will never forget. The dress I am writing about flew from Paris to San Francisco, and arrived in an enormous wooden crate, about five or six feet tall, and six feet wide, to accommodate the enormous hoop skirt. Opening the crate, which wouldn’t go through any door, was like unveiling a work of art. There it was, the dress I had waited for. And when I tried it on, it fit perfectly of course, after three fittings at the House of Dior in Paris. The dress is an ivory heavy silk blouse, long sleeves, high neck, loose flowing folds, and a small waist, to go with a cognac-colored shimmering pleated silk immense ball gown skirt over a hoop frame, like 18th- and 19th-century dresses. What I thought immediately when I saw it was that it reminded me of Anna in The King and I. The fabric is light, and the hoop (a thin metal wire like a huge birdcage under the dress) holds it out several feet all around. The skirt moves like a bell, it has a train which trails gently behind. And the hoop is very lightweight so the dress seems to float around you. Being very fond of old things and old homes and relics of the past, my husband, John Traina, and I, as our family began to grow, bought a very old home (very much like Downton Abbey). It hadn’t been lived in for many years, and we restored it completely. And among the wonders of the house is a ballroom. We loved to give parties, and could give dinner parties for a hundred people in black tie, with a band so we could dance all night. It was a style which was already antiquated then, and an era which will never come again, but how beautiful it was! "I will never forget the feeling of gliding onto the dance floor in that magical dress with the huge ball gown skirt swirling around me as we danced." It was the perfect room for the beautiful Dior dress with the cognac-colored ball skirt. My husband was very elegant and a wonderful dancer. And I will never forget the feeling of gliding onto the dance floor in that magical dress with the huge ball gown skirt swirling around me as we danced. And I felt just like Anna in The King and I when they played “Shall We Dance?” … yes, we shall … forever and ever in that magical dress. Couture gowns are meant to make you feel magical. And it truly did. I could wear the dress today, it’s so beautiful and timeless. The dress is a poem in a love story that will last forever. I wore it more than once, and once for a book cover. It is regal. Shall We Dance? … yes … forever and ever … and ever. Best-selling author Danielle Steel’s latest books are Silent Night, out now, and Blessing in Disguise, available May 7.  
 GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR This article originally appears in the May 2019 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, available on newsstands now.
 From a blizzard to the office, the boots to buy now.  Game of Thrones may have ended, but winter is still coming and it's time to get your boot collection in order. Putting delicate kitten heels and strappy sandals behind us, this winter's hottest (or coolest) shoe trends are actually durable enough to get you through the season—come blizzard, sleet, or shine. From combat boots to knee-high boots, these are the winter boot trends to start shopping now—before the real cold weather arrives.  As spotted on the Fall 2019 runways and street style scene, combat boots are back in a big way. From knee-high lace-up designer iterations to classic Doc Martens, the '90s-inspired boot comes in all shapes and styles this season. Whether worn with a contrasting feminine dress or blue jeans, the boot looks effortlessly cool and is sturdy enough to withstand wet or sloshy winter weather.  You can never go wrong with a classic pair of Doc Martens. The timeless boot adds a little edge to any look and always looks cool—as constantly demonstrated by Bella Hadid.  Switch up the classic all black combat boot for a touch of animal print. This tiger print style will add a little pop to your all black winter ensemble.  Complete with an ultra chunky lug sole and zip compartment bags, Prada's take on combat boots reigns supreme this season. Ideal for adding both extra warmth and luxe detailing, boots with shearling accents make for this winter's coziest boot trend. Whether you go for over-the-knee or ankle boot forms, you'll be nice and warm no matter how low the temperatures drop. The rubber sole and wedge heel make these ideal for slushy winter streets. The shearling trim and lining accents are just added style bonuses.  Keep cozy and carry on in these shearling-trimmed Miu Miu boots.  We've always got our eye on Meghan Markle's go-to shoe brand and their latest foray into waterproof shearling boots is worth investing in for winter.  Chic enough for the office and durable enough for the winter streets, knee-high leather boots will be your trusted shoe MVP this season. Go for a block heel version that's both polished and sturdy.  From midi skirts to jeans, wear these leather boots with just about everything this winter. The stacked block heel makes them ideal for walking.  There's nothing chicer than a winter white boot. And this block heel style makes these croc-embossed boots a versatile option.  Stand out with a pair of knee-high snake print boots that will earn you some serious style points.  Chelsea boots will never go out of style, but this season's lug-sole trend makes the shoe more wearable for winter than ever before.  With a tracked lug sole, these platform booties are both on trend and ready to combat salt-covered sidewalks.  Doubling as a snow boot, Loewe's Chelsea boots are cool enough to wear come snow or shine.  Adding a little animal print to the look, Schutz's leopard Chelsea boots will make any look pop.  Every stylish woman dreads the days she has to put on her snow boots. But this season, designers are making the winter boot look cooler than ever before. From faux fur details to colorful laces and platform soles, you can finally feel FASHUN in your snow boots now.  The olive green acts as a neutral in your wardrobe and feels fresh as a snow boot color option. The rugged platform sole and faux fur trim elevate the waterproof boot to the next level.  It's probably worth booking a ski trip just to have an excuse to wear these boots 24/7.  Moon boots, but make it fashun! A little Fendi print makes a snowy deal feel a whole lot chicer. 
 Because you definitely deserve it. Fashion PR expert, founder of Alise Collective and industry insider Dria Murphy knows all about luxury. And this time of year, she's here to remind you that it's important to treat yourself, not just others (though that's important, too). See the 10 ways she's indulging, and prepare for some serious self-care inspiration.  "Who doesn't love sleeping in and ordering room service? My mornings usually consist of waking up early for meetings, so enjoying a gorgeous hotel with breakfast in bed (or breakfast in my own bed for that matter) is a treat." SHOP NOW Eberjey pajama set, $115, bloomingdales.com "I adore a winter white accessory and a great scent, like Alexander McQueen For Her. This mini Tory Burch satchel is perfect for all of my upcoming holiday parties—the ladylike structure dresses up any outfit, and it pairs well with my favorite Sunday Forever bracelets!" SHOP NOW Tory Burch bag, $448, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Alexander McQueen perfume, $395, bloomingdales.com "I take in New York City's holiday energy by spending time uptown viewing the department store windows and picking out gifts for family and friends. A cozy coat goes a long way to keep me comfortable." SHOP NOW Mackage coat, $850, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Tory Burch sunglasses (similar), $170, bloomingdales.com "I am always on the hunt for a good-sized, everyday crossbody bag, and this metallic Burberry purse definitely meets that criteria. I'll use it all the time!" SHOP NOW 7 For All Mankind jeans, $229, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Burberry bag, $1,450, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Joie bomber jacket, $368, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Marc Fisher LTD. booties (similar), $179, bloomingdales.com "I try to take a staycation in New York City during the holidays. The Sixty SoHo hotel is one of my favorite places. The décor is super chic." SHOP NOW Tommy Jeans hoodie, $79, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Nobody jeans (similar), $239, bloomingdales.com "Picking a fragrance is very personal, and I like to change up my scent from time to time. The Tiffany & Co. Eau de Parfum is a great night-out option, and the bottle looks beautiful in my dressing area, too." SHOP NOW Tiffany & Co. perfume, $130, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Jo Malone London cologne, $135, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Yves Saint Laurent perfume, $122, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Acqua di Parma cologne, $110, bloomingdales.com "These red pants give such a pop for the holidays. They're easily paired with a cozy sweater or dressed up, and I plan on wearing them a ton through the new year, especially with this bag, which is just eye-catching enough." SHOP NOW 7 For All Mankind jeans, $199, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Marc Jacobs bag, $395, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Sanctuary sweater (similar), $89, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Elizabeth and James bomber jacket (similar), $995, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker pumps (similar), $350, bloomingdales.com "Even though I live in a relatively small space, I really enjoy entertaining. I create a cozy environment with plenty of cocktails and some sort of cheese plate. And yes, my friends can vouch for this." SHOP NOW Michael Aram cheese board, $175, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Michael Aram shaker, $75, bloomingdales.com "I am obsessed with the fur accent on this Mackage parka. It makes running to and from the gym in the freezing cold less miserable." SHOP NOW Mackage parka, $790, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Alo Yoga leggings, $122, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW APL sneakers, $140, bloomingdales.com "During the month of December it's always hard to make time for a workout, so it becomes more of a luxury during the holiday season. When I can find the time, it feels like I'm really taking care of myself." SHOP NOW Calvin Klein Jeans tee, $39, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW Alo Yoga leggings (similar), $120, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW APL sneakers, $165, bloomingdales.com
 The bucket bag is here to stay.  The bucket bag has proven its major staying power over the last few seasons. Roomy and unfussy, it has the whole utility thing down—not to mention it still looks incredibly fresh. Shop 20 of our favorites, just in time to amp up your new fall wardrobe.  Topshop bag, $52, topshop.com SHOP Diane von Furstenberg bag, $348, farfetch.com. SHOP Mansur Gavriel bag, $475, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Staud bag, $350, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Sara Battaglia bag, $1,510, net-a-porter.com. SHOP J.W. Anderson bag, $1,495, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Proenza Schouler bag, $1,096, farfetch.com. SHOP Simon Miller bag, $850, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Valentino bag, $1,295, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Alexander Wang bag, $595, shopBAZAAR.com SHOP Sensi Studio bag, $195, matchesfashion.com. SHOP A.P.C. bag, $452, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Cleobella bag, $90, revolve.com. SHOP All Saints bag, $378, revolve.com. SHOP Topshop bag, $55, topshop.com. SHOP Marni bag, $2,190, farfetch.com. SHOP Muun bag, $180, net-a-porter.com. SHOP See by Chloé bag, $579, stylebop.com. SHOP Hermès Vintage bag, $3,554, farfetch.com. SHOP Gucci bag, $2,190, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 This fall is all about the snake and cow (yes, cow) prints.  Animal prints have long been a wardrobe staple for stylish women, but the trend is in full force for fall. The leopard slip midi skirt may have reigned supreme for two summers in a row, but that was only the beginning of what we're calling the Great Animal Print Revival. From luxe leopard to snake print overload and newcomers including cow and tiger, there are endless options to take your look to the wild side this fall. Whether you're on the prowl for a leopard jacket or a cool pair of snake print boots, click through to shop the best pieces for fall.   Staud's latest must-have bag—a '70s-inspired moon shape—comes in two types of snake print this season. Whether you go for the gray or brown, both will serve as a neutral in your fall wardrobe.  A midi leopard dress acts as the perfect transitional piece into fall. Style it with a pair of cowboy boots and you've got an instant LEWK.   If you're leopard and snake printed out, opt for one of fashion's newest favorite animal prints: cow. This subtly printed mini skirt can be worn into fall with a blazer, turtleneck, and boots.  A snake-effect belt lends just the right amount of luxe for those who don't want to go overboard with print.  Another easy transitional dress that packs the print. Wear it with sandals in summer and then add boots come fall. A leopard faux fur coat is a timeless piece in any fashion girl's fall and winter wardrobe.  These luxe knee-high boots are instant statement makers. With just the right amount of slouch, you can wear them with everything from jeans to dresses this season.  Topshop's deconstructed take on the animal print midi skirt will have you standing out in a sea of leopard skirts.  Is there anything better than a cozy sweater dress? The correct answer is: yes, a cozy, zebra print sweater dress done in the perfect fall colors.  The bucket hat trend isn't over yet. And this cool leopard style is a playful way to embrace the look.  Ditch your go-to blue denim jackets and leather motos for a snake print jacket that feels fresh. Wear it with jeans and a T-shirt for that model off-duty look.  Bet you didn't know you needed a pair of cow print mules in your life until now. Whether worn with trousers to the office or jeans for a night out, these are chic for every occasion.  Nanushka's printed turtleneck is a more abstract take on animal prints—and one you'll want to wear again and again for seasons to come.  Headbands are the latest hair accessory staging a comeback. Try the look in an animal print style that will pop.  Consider this sheer puff-sleeved blouse the modern-day Going Out Top.  Top off your look with a pair of chic leopard loafers for an unexpected pop of print.  Giving some early 2000s nostalgia, Loeffler Randall's scrunched zebra print shoulder bag is sure to be an Insta favorite this season.  Go bold or go home with this ultra-luxe tiger print coat that will take any outfit up a million notches. 
 Your guide to the season's hottest runway trends.  As fall quickly approaches, it's time to take a look at the runway trends that will set the tone for the season. We tracked all the hottest Fall 2018 fashion shows from New York, London, Milan, and Paris to see which styles and trends reigned supreme. From a huge 1980s fashion revival (think big shoulders and black leather) to futuristic metallics and menswear-inspired jackets, these are the fall trends to keep on your radar.  Classic Saville Row fabrics like herringbone, glen plaid, and houndstooth look richer than ever. Enter the season with some swagger and a great men’s overcoat. Pictured: Saint Laurent Prada Calvin Klein Stella McCartney Fendi Balenciaga Givenchy Louis Vuitton Altuzarra Gabriela Hearst Oversized is the way to wear your outerwear this fall. Eye-catching color mixes make these multi-layered looks—like a parka over a jacket over a fleece—stand out in a crowd. Pictured: Balenciaga Marni Marc Jacobs Maison Margiela Sacai  Prada Dries Van Noten Versace A mix of all-American patchwork, quilting, and crochet conjure up a folklore spirit. Get crafty in floor-sweeping dresses, while textured knits and shearlings strike the perfect balance. Pictured: Calvin Klein Etro Sacai Chloe Missoni Isabel Marant Chanel  Christian Dior Coach Stella McCartney Fall’s perennials come in every charming varietal—from delicate florets to bold bouquets. Decidedly artisanal in feel, the standouts are hand-painted or applique. Pictured: Gucci Richard Quinn
 An updated guide on which luxury fashion brands are now fur-free. Joining a growing list of designers, Versace is the latest luxury fashion brand going fur-free.  In an interview with 1843 Magazine, Donatella Versace announced Versace would no longer work with real animal fur in its collections moving forward. "Fur? I am out of that," the designer said, "I don’t want to kill animals to make fashion. It doesn’t feel right."    Although the designer expressed her disdain for using real animal fur in the future, the brand has yet to formally announce its decision to stop the production of fur products. In fact, you can still buy a pillow made of rabbit fur for $1,450 on the Versace website—which raises the question as to when this new policy will go into effect.  Versace's announcement follows a string of high fashion brands also deciding to ban the use of real animal fur. Gucci, Michael Kors, Tom Ford, Furla and Givenchy have all recently vowed to stop the use of fur. Meanwhile, brands like Stella McCartney, Tommy Hilfiger, Ralph Lauren, Vivienne Westwood, and Calvin Klein have been fur-free for years now—paving the way for more high fashion brands to follow suit.  As the luxury industry continues to cut back in its fur use, see an updated guide on the high fashion brands that have officially gone fur-free below:
 A long list of fashion and beauty brands just signed the New Plastics Economy Global Commitment.  The world's plastic crisis is continuing to worsen—so much so that the UNEP estimates if current pollution rates continue, oceans will have more plastic than fish by the year 2050. As the issue becomes more and more dangerous to the environment, a growing list of companies are looking to become more sustainable in their operations—especially those in the fashion and beauty industries. Just last week, Everlane announced plans to eliminate all virgin plastic from its supply chain by the year 2021. The sustainable fashion brand also launched a collection made from recycled plastic bottles. As of today, over 250 brands across an array of industries are also pledging to address the plastic crisis by signing the New Plastics Economy Global Commitment. Launched by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, the New Plastics Economy Global Commitment aims to minimize plastic pollution through several initiatives across the globe. Burberry, L'Oreal, Stella McCartney, H&M, Inditex (which owns Zara), and Unilever (which owns Dove) are amongst the top fashion and beauty companies who have committed to the initiative.  "Plastic waste and pollution is a big global environmental challenge," Cecilia Brännsten, environmental sustainability manager at H&M, said in a release from the brand. "There is no single brand that can tackle this industry-wide challenge on its own. We must act as one voice and the New Plastics Economy Global Commitment is a big step in the right direction, as it will align business and governments on a common agenda and timeframe. The New Plastics Economy Global Commitment seeks to amend the plastic crisis in three major ways:  Launched in collaboration with the United Nations Environment, the pledge has thus far been signed by organizations which represent 20% of the world's plastic packaging production. All companies that are part of the commitment will be required to publicly disclose progress in cutting back plastic consumption through the above initiatives every year.  “Ocean plastic is one of the most visible and disturbing examples of a plastic pollution crisis. The New Plastics Economy Global Commitment is the most ambitious set of targets we have seen yet in the fight to beat plastics pollution. It sets out the steps businesses and governments must take if we are to find a solution to the root causes of plastic pollution and we urge all those working towards dealing with this global issue to sign it," Executive Director Erik Solheim said in a release. 
 Transitional boots to shop now. Ankle boots have long surpassed "trendy" status and have earned their spot as a wardrobe staple. Whether it's your favorite high-waisted jeans, or a flirty mini dress, ankle boots have the power to transform a look into something undoubtedly cool. Below, shop our favorites of the season.   Chloe boots, $1,390, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Rag & Bone boots, $525, rag-bone.com. SHOP Ariat boots, $200, ariat.com. Alexa Chung boots, $503, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Ariat boots, $200, ariat.com. Gianvito Rossi boots, $850, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Zara boots, $90, zara.com. SHOP Topshop boots, $160, topshop.com. SHOP Tamara Mellon boots, $650, tamaramellon.com. SHOP Anine Bing boots, $380, stylebop.com. SHOP Stuart Weitzman boots, $698, stuartweitzman.com. SHOP 3.1 Phillip Lim boots, $650, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Neous boots, $579, stylebop.com. SHOP Isabel Marant boots, $655, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Ganni  boots, $475, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Alexander Wang boots, $850, alexanderwang.com. SHOP
 The actress opens up about the best red carpet gown she's ever worn.     No dress has ever changed my life. Marrying my husband, Keith [Urban], having children—those things changed my life. Nevertheless, the fairy-tale aspect of wearing couture is a glorious sidebar to my career. Golly, it is still lovely to me. I always say, “I’m going to the ball,” when I’m walking a red carpet because it really does have that Cinderella quality.  When you’re nominated for an award, you’re very emotionally invested. But last year after the Emmys and the Golden Globes [at each of which Kidman took home an award for best actress, for Big Little Lies], going to the Oscars as a presenter was just plain fun. I wore an Armani Privé dress, and I have to say they really take care of the details, like how to make a giant bow sit. Because remember, you have to be able to sit in the dress for four hours! Strangely enough, despite the boning on the corset top, this dress was unbelievably comfortable.    We fit it at my home in Nashville before flying to Los Angeles, and it took only two fittings because the team knows my body so well. I’m five foot 10½—I’m very proud of the half because I don’t want to be five foot 11—so structurally there are certain things that suit my frame, you know? Doing a fitting reminds me a bit of being a little girl in Sydney. My mother would sew all of my dresses, and she would stand me up on the table or on a chair to make sure the hem was just so. The perfect finishing touch to my Oscars look was a platinum- and-diamond Omega watch from 1953. I like to wear their vintage timepieces on the red carpet because they’re so delicate and exquisitely made. Often the face is masked, so it looks like a beautiful piece of fine jewelry.  "The fairy-tale aspect of wearing couture is a glorious sidebar to my career. "  Keith had to work the night of the Oscars, so I decided to get ready at a hotel close to the Dolby Theatre. Somehow I still managed to be late to the red carpet because we got stuck in traffic. I passed one of those Hollywood tour buses, so I rolled down my window to say hi. I love moments where you can break down that whole barrier and just meet people. There’s something amazing about awards shows. It’s an opportunity to acknowledge other actors’ craft and go up and say, “Oh, my gosh, I saw your film, and I loved it.” Many times you would never cross paths otherwise. I still get starstruck when I see people like Jane Fonda or Clint Eastwood— all of these amazing women and men who have paved the way.  I rarely go out afterward. I’d rather get home to see my kids. I take everything off, and I fold the dress and am very protective of it because obviously it’s art. Just like with Cinderella, everything needs to be returned to its maker! Then I run a hot bath. When I go to bed, I wonder, “Was that a dream?” For the little girl who used to scour flea markets with her mother, the joy of having access to this kind of beauty will never fade for me. —As Told To Alison S. Cohn   GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR
 It's not enough to keep it chic all on your own—shop the looks that keep your baby as Insta-ready as you are... Are you a nautical mom like Jackie at Hyannis Port? Casual cool like Jane Birkin? Jetset-ready like Bianca Jagger? Any way you swing it, keep your chic this summer—with the baby look to match, of course. Consider it Mommy and me done right.  Pink florals look as fetching on you as they do your little boo... Lindsey Berns rose garden dress, $92, lindsey berns.com. SHOP Brock Collection 'Thadine' shirred floral-print cotton-voile top, $1,290, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Brock Collection 'Scarlett' lace-trimmed shirred floral-print cotton-voile shorts, $1,490, net-a-porter.com. SHOP We’re fans of matching from sunset to sunrise, too, in these utterly charming sleep gowns. And who says you can't wear them from sunrise to senset as well? Sleeper moonstone blue linen petit dress, $160, the sleeper.com. SHOP Sleeper moonstone blue loungewear dress, $250, the sleeper.com. SHOP A ruffle here, a voluminous sleeve there—make some statements in the color of summer. Monica and Andy seersucker garden party dress, $58, monica and andy.com. SHOP Rejina Pyo 'Greta' bow-embellished cotton midi dress, $910, net-a-porter.com. SHOP You can't go wrong this summer in this New England-ready shade of blue. Is it ok that we wish the romper fit moms too? Marsou romper, $52, marsou.fr. SHOP Rhode Resort 'Eva' off-the-shoulder shirred cotton-poplin maxi dress, $395, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Even if the boat isn’t on its way, it’s ok to always look ready to hop on board.  Oeuf striped suspender shorts, $46, maisonette.com. SHOP Gabriela Hearst 'Carter' striped wool shirt, $995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Maison Margiela high waisted riding shorts, $895, fwrd.com. SHOP Brave those chillier summer nights in jackets that are seriously cool... Anine Bing kids motley moto jacket, $399, anine bing.com. SHOP Anine Bing 'Quinlan' leather jacket, $999, anine bing.com. SHOP Prove you're not a regular mom, you're a cool mom in bikinis times two.  Marysia 'Bumby' top, $57, bottom, $57, marysia.com. SHOP Marysia top, $161, $bottoms, $139, marysia.com SHOP These twinning dresses are for really standing out in a crowd—and for twirling. They're definitely for twirling. Reformation 'Klara' kids dress for mini, $68, the reformation.com. SHOP Reformation 'Klara' dress for mom, $218, the reformation.com. SHOP Get in a South of France mood in airy white for you and bébe... Leah and Rae cotton 'Bardot' bikini, $80, leah and rae.com. SHOP Leah and Rae mini 'Perkins' bag, $44, leah and rae.com. SHOP LoveShackFancy 'Madeline' dress, $395, loveshackfancy.com. SHOP Because every babe needs a fetching summer suit—and you need an excuse for that stellar statement top.  Bonpoint 'Aida' jacket, $415, bonpoint.com. SHOP Bonpoint 'Flash' shorts, $260, bonpoint.com. SHOP Hellessy 'Phacelia' top, $920, fwrd.com. SHOP Staud 'Gilligan' pants, $220, staud.com.  SHOP Headed to the shore? Don't forget to pack hats, a cool look for the babe and a cool carrier for you... Janie and Jack straw sun hat, $26, janie and jack.com. SHOP Janie and Jack striped knit two piece set, $54, janie and jack.com. SHOP Sensi Studio frayed woven straw hat, $195, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Baby Bjorn carrier, $184, magic beans.com. SHOP Because one floral look for summer is hardly enough... Coco and Ginger 'Delphine' playsuit, $73, the tot.com. SHOP Zimmermann golden flutter floral-print linen dress, $738, matches fashion.com. SHOP Because you can match from head to toe, if you're so inclined...  Solillas 'Marina' sandals, $54, solillas.com. SHOP Solillas 'Noche' sandals, $90, solillas.com.  SHOP Get your workouts in in killer gear—even if that workout is just dancing around the living room together. Nico Nico 'Indiana' box top, $52, maisonette.com. SHOP Nico Nico 'Abbot' jogger sweatpants, $50, maisonette.com. SHOP Live the Process cropped cotton and cashmere-blend top, $70, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Live the Process ribbed stretch-knit leotard, $95, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 17 lucky girls will hit the runway in Shangahi next week. Age: 24 Birthplace: Brazil Fashion cred: This Brazilian babe has her own blog where she shares her enviable model-off-duty style, and has worked with Tory Burch, Dolce & Gabbana, and MAC. Age: 27 Birthplace: Sudan Fashion cred: She's fronted campaigns for Marc Jacobs and Balmain's beauty line with L'Oreal.  Age: 23 Birthplace: Austria Fashion cred: She's a bonafide bikini babe—and has worked with top swim brands, on top of walking for labels like Marchesa, Max Mara and Philipp Plein.  Age: 19 Birthplace: Brazil Fashion cred: Bermannelli has hit the runway for cool labels like Off-White and Kenzo and walked for New York's most anticipated, Marc Jacobs.  Age: 22 Birthplace: Norway Fashion cred: Aasen has shows like Miu Miu, Carolina Herrera, Louis Vuitton on her resume. Age: 27 Birthplace: Australia Fashion Cred: This new face has modeled bikini's for Seafolly, and landed on the pages of Bazaar Australia.  Age: 20 Birthplace: Russia Fashion cred: Tom Ford, The Row and Dolce & Gabbana love this Russian face.  Age: 21 Birthplace: United States Fashion Cred: She's ranked on Model.com's Hot List and Top 50—she found major success on the runway walking almost 300 shows since she started in 2014.  Age: 26 Birthplace: United Kingdom Fashion cred: This year she was named a new face of L'Oreal Beauty. Age: 19 Birthplace: France Fashion cred: She's landed on the pages of CR Fashion Book and walked for Louis Vuitton and Proenza Schouler Age: 19 Birthplace: United Kingdom Fashion Cred: This new face is coming off a stellar first season of shows b0oking Miu Miu, Off-White, Fendi, Marc Jacobs and fronting the latest Gap campaign.  Age: 23 Birthplace: Holland Fashion Cred: The model killed her first fashion week season, walking for Oscar de la Renta, Cushnie et Ochs, Ralph lauren and Balmain amongst others.  Age: 18 Birthplace: Angola Fashion Cred: Aside from appearing in the pages of Bazaar, she's walked for Tom Ford, Balmain and Maison Margiela Age: 21 Birthplace: Ukraine Fashion Cred: You may know her from Valentino, Dior and Saint Laurent campaigns.  Age: 18 Birthplace: Nigeria Fashion Cred: The West African model won the hearts of casting agents which led her to booking campaigns for Miu Miu, Dolce & Gabbana, and YSL.  Birthplace: Cap Verde Fashion Cred: She's a runway regular at Brandon Maxwell and has fronted beauty campaigns for MAC and Bobbi Brown.  Age: 20 Birthplace: China Fashion Cred: She's graced numerous pages of Bazaar China and modeled couture for Giambattista Valli and Georges Hobeika.
 The collection was a tribute to the late designer.  For Spring 2018, Donatella Versace staged a beautiful tribute to her late brother, Gianni Versace, on the runway. Coinciding with the 20th anniversary of the legendary designer's tragic death, Versace's spring collection was an ode to Gianni's greatest prints—with his iconic baroque swirls, butterfly prints, and pop art all reimagined into new pieces. Perhaps most moving of the show was the original '90s supermodels—including Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Claudia Schiffer, Helena Christensen, and Carla Bruni—all returning to the runway for an epic finale walk. Making for the most exciting moment of Fashion Month thus far, the reunion brought both the magic of Gianni and '90s fashion back on the runway in a truly moving show. Click through to see all of the looks from the runway. 
 The Italian eyewear company has joined forces with BAZAAR for an exclusive capsule collection.  Italian eyewear brand Safilo is marking Harper's Bazaar's 150th anniversary by mining our archives. The resulting First in Fashion-First in Eyewear collection features three styles inspired by air and space travel shoots from the pages of BAZAAR in the '60s. Each of the exclusive styles are available to buy now on ShopBAZAAR and at Bergdorf Goodman on September 1st.  Safilo Zero sunglasses, $525, shopBAZAAR.com  SHOP Safilo Cinque sunglasses, $475, shopBAZAAR.com  SHOP Safilo Cinque sunglasses, $500, shopBAZAAR.com  SHOP
 In tiaras, of course. Last night, ahead of their prêt-à-porter show today, Dolce & Gabbana presented their “Secrets & Diamonds” show, an eveningwear-only presentation, according to Vogue. The show, modeled by Brits, was a who's who of millennial royals. Here are some of the highlights.  Kitty is the 27-year-old niece of the late Princess Diana and she looked just like a modern incarnation of her aunt in the show, complete with a tiara.  Kitty is also the star of Dolce & Gabbana's Spring/Summer 2018 ad campaign.  In true millennial fashion, Kitty documented the night on Instagram.   Backstage with this beauty @eleonorehabsburg before @dolcegabbana 💎 #DGSecretDiamonds #MFW #DGWomen #DGFamily A post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on Feb 25, 2018 at 5:02am PST Violet is the oldest daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Rutland.  She and her sisters have been described as the English Kardashians. The second oldest of the three Manners sisters also walked in the show.  Alice is a columnist, model, and socialite.  And, of course, the youngest Manners sister was also in the show.  Eliza is also an aspiring singer.  
From: ELLE US

 The star's most cherished clothing, accessories and film memorabilia are going up for auction this September. The personal collection of Audrey Hepburn will be showcased by Christie's at a flagship auction in London later this month. Hepburn's beloved clothes and accessories, as well as film memorabilia and photography, will make up the 500 lots included in the sale, with single items expected to reach up to £80,000 (about $106,000). The price tags might be impressive, but the auction serves as a unique archive charting the 40-year career of the Hollywood legend. It's also the first time these items, which Hepburn left to her sons, Sean Ferrer and Luca Dotti, have gone up for sale, giving Hepburn fans a rare opportunity to buy and view piece's from the star's wardrobe. With this in mind, Meredith Etherington-Smith, creative consultant on the auction, is anticipating attention on a global scale. "We are really expecting global interest because Audrey Hepburn never really goes away," she told Harper's Bazaar UK. "You see her everywhere and her look was always unbeatable, so generations who have might have only just discovered her will be fascinated by this auction." It's Hepburn's "unbeatable" appeal that makes her so relevant today. This will no doubt help to draw in the buyers when the auction opens to bidders online on September 19. "After Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor, people were captivated by Hepburn when she came along," Etherington-Smith explained. "They still are because's her look is still modern. The capri pants, ballet slippers and malo sweaters are still relevant, so when you look at her in the films, she doesn't look dated. Audrey looked young, alive and exercised, and people still want to look like that."   As to be expected from one of the world's most admired style icons, some of the most sought-after pieces come from inside Hepburn's wardrobe. There's a Burberry trench coat, with an estimated price tag of £6,000-8,000 ($7,966-$10,622), a 1970s red silk couture coat from Valentino, a collection of her cherished Ferragamo pumps and a blue satin cloqué satin dress dress by Hubert de Givenchy, who became a life long collaborator and a close friend of Hepburn's.  But as Etherington-Smith notes, there are a couple of designs not to be missed by her biggest fans.  "The piece which sums up the Audrey look is a dress that Givenchy made for her in 1968. It's a black shift trimmed with cock feathers and it's engaging and young and fun." Other stand out fashion items from Hepburn's films include another black satin Givenchy two-piece which she wore in the 1963 movie Charade. It's expected to reach £50,000-80,000 ($66,000-$106,000) and it's said to be one of Hepburn's favorite items of clothes. "She loved it so much, she wore it a lot after the film," Etherington-Smith confirmed. While Hepburn's annotated scripts from Breakfast at Tiffany's, Sabrina and My Fair Lady are tipped to reach the highest prices, it's the pieces from her wardrobe that highlight just how much Hepburn appreciated fashion both on and off screen.  "If she loved an item, she kept it and all the clothes in the auction are the things she really loved. She invented the little black dress, but she was also fairly obsessive about shoes. 'If you've got wonderful shoes, nothing else really matters,' she believed."   As well as couture, the auction includes a number of Hepburn's treasured gems and jewels. A personalized Tiffany & Co. bangle, presented to Hepburn by Steven Spielberg after filming Always will be featured alongside a colorless tiara which Hepburn wore with a Givenchy gown to the London premiere of The Nun's Story in 1959. Out of all the lots being offered up for auction, there is perhaps one which sums up Hepburn perfectly. A letter from legendary fashion editor and Harper's Bazaar columnist Diana Vreeland informing Hepburn of the success of her UK Vogue cover in April 1971 is estimated to reach £400-600 ($531-$797). In it, Vreeland writes: "The most appealing creature there ever was." Over 40 years later, that sentiment is still true today. The auction of Audrey Hepburn's personal collection will take place at Christie's King Street headquarters on 27 September, alongside an online sale which will be open for bidding from 19 September until 3 October. The collection will be on view to the public in an exhibition at Christie's from 23 September and Christie's Lates - a night celebrating the renowned film actress - will take place from 6pm - 9.30pm on 25 September.    
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Career, clothes, mall food—all of it. Reasons to love Christian Siriano: He’s inclusive. He’s industrious. He’s chiffon-powered. And he truly isn’t shy. That last part was especially true this week, when Siriano and Fern Mallis discussed his Wham! Pow! career at the 92nd Street Y. Among the revelations: His first commission came from Victoria Beckham, his new store will have a café by Alicia Silverstone, and he’s definitely a Scorpio, though less Kris Jenner (“meh”) and more Grace Kelly (“amazing”). Also, he went to the Step Up School (a.k.a. Baltimore School of the Arts) from sophomore through senior year.    Here are some more of Siriano’s wise words, including advice to young designers, when it’s time to ghost on your boss, and how expanded sizing can save a growing business.   "I did a summer program at FIT, and a teacher encouraged me to apply. Well, I didn’t get it, so instead, I went to London and studied there. The head pattern maker at Vivienne Westwood was my teacher, so she was like, “You need to go work for Vivienne,” and I did. It was so far to her studio, like a two-hour commute each way, but I did it because I loved it and I learned so much. Then I interned for [Alexander] McQueen. McQueen was a very inspiring place, and it was a very creative place. I still try to run my studio like that because it was very hands on. But if I’d been at FIT, I don’t know that I would have had those experiences… Now? I have two pieces in their museum, so I think it worked out. And they asked me to speak at their commencement this year. My opening line would have been, “I didn't get in, but congratulations to you all.” So yeah, it’s very full circle and I think it all worked out!" "My time [interning] at Marc Jacobs was brief. I don’t talk about that experience because it was so short. Obviously, Marc Jacobs is an incredibly talented, amazing designer, and I have so much respect for the label, but I didn’t do a lot there. I copied fabrics every day for eight hours that entire week. My boss was not a fan of me, so that was my job… so after a week, I did the thing you’re not supposed to do. I was sent to run an errand, and I was so annoyed, when I got back, I put the stuff on her desk. I was like, “Here’s all this fringe tassel!” and then I just left and didn’t come back." "I auditioned [for Project Runway] when I was 20. I was a kid. Those decisions you make so early shouldn’t shape your entire career. It’s like an actress—one movie isn’t her entire career, especially her first movie. Other designers did things early in their careers and moved on!... I guess I don’t like to talk about it too much because being on the show is the worst thing you could do for your career. It’s reality TV but it’s not real. Somebody else is paying for your fabrics? You can make whatever you want? It’s not a real world situation. I wish I could still do that! The show itself, I mean, there’s something really beautiful about watching people make something out of nothing every week. That’s amazing. But [to young designers], I don’t recommend it." "Adding plus sizes to my line tripled my business. Why wouldn’t you do that?! Do we not want to triple the business? Do we not think these women should wear our clothes? Do we not want these women to have beautiful things because we’re afraid they’re not beautiful? What is going on here? Of course it’s a process to make things in bigger sizes. The patterns are different. There’s more fabric involved. But we will never charge more for a larger size, because that’s not the right thing to do. The whole point of being a designer is to make people feel good, we’re here to make people look cute in a dress. You want to look cute in a dress and you're a size 26? Why not?!"    "You have to put it in people’s faces. We’re visual. It has to be on the runway to get through to people. We’re all stubborn, even me. So when it’s on the runway, it’s there… Now, our business is 50 percent plus size.  The reason it’s going so much is because the retailers will go with us. We got Moda Operandi to change their whole website—now they go up to our sizes! Knowing we have a part in change like that, it’s amazing… but it’s still crazy to me that it’s not the norm."  
From: ELLE US

 Self-love is key.  From the prettiest lingerie to the latest must-have jewelry and It-worthy bags, these are the best Valentine's Day gifts to give every stylish woman in your life (or you know, yourself).  This lust-worthy lipstick set may be festive for Valentine's Day, but you'll want to wear these shades throughout the rest of the year too.  100% of proceeds go towards Girls Inc., a non-profit working to empowering young women through various community-based initiatives.  Staud's latest It bag is here. Scoop it up in your color of choice before it takes over Instagram.  Upgrade your lingerie collection with a little bit of lacy La Perla.  Our hair clip and barrette obsession is still going strong— and at $12, this affordable heart-shaped option is tops of our list.  Is there anything more romantic than the gift of easing anxiety? This relaxing bundle comes with CBD-filled chocolate truffles and Simple Jane's CBD Massage Oil + Salt Stone.  This season is all about the return of pearls. Get a head start on the trend with these pretty, delicate hoop earrings.  Prevent chapped winter lips with these easy-to-use lip masks that hydrate, plump, and moisturize your pout instantly.  A satin, feather-trimmed robe is exactly the level of extra we should all aspire to. This one's completely worthy of the splurge.  For the astrology-obsessed, these gift sets include personalized picks based on the characteristics of your zodiac sign and elements.  If you haven't heard of this rising lingerie brand, it's time to get yourself acquainted. Offering up both men's and women's styles, Les Girls Les Boys boasts affordable underwear, intimates and streetwear pieces. This comfortable, yet sexy red bra is on our list of must-haves—and don't forget the matching thong.  We love a necklace that lets us show off our zodiac sign. Stone and Strand's dainty, diamond-filled style is perfect for layering with other necklaces or wearing solo.  A sexy, yet comfortable set of thongs that every woman could use in her life.  When all else fails, a flower delivery is a no-fail gifting idea for someone special or for yourself. The Bouqs has an array of romantic-themed arrangements perfect for spreading the love on Valentine's Day.  Picking out a bag for someone else can be tricky, but a luxe card case or wallet makes for the perfect gifting alternative.   Heart jewelry can feel a bit too Valentine's Day-themed sometimes, but these chic drop earrings are anything but cheesy.  Treat yourself to a lubricant that's clean (no parabens, glycols, or silicones), fragrance-free, and water-based so you can use it with rubber latex, polyurethane, and polyisoprene condoms or sex toys. The chic (and discreet) packaging is just an added bonus.  Sure, splurging on lingerie is great, but have you ever tried splurging on a furry logo pair of Vuitton slippers? You'll never want to leave the house. A luxe new set of sheets is one of the most underrated gift ideas—whether you're buying for someone special or treating yourself. This set of 500 thread count is made of organic cotton but has the softest and silkiest of texture.  Wear it on a sexy night in or a sexy night out with a pair of jeans.  Diptyque's limited-edition holiday sets never disappoint—and these floral-themed candles make for the perfect addition to your interior.  Layer it with the rest of your ring collection or wear it by itself.    A light-up vanity and smart mirror all in one—this is a game-changer for any woman's morning beauty routine. It features built-in speakers, full-spectrum color lighting, dim-able lighting modes, and Siri and Google Now voice assistants so you can ask it questions.  The softest and plushest pajama set that you'll want to wear all year-round.   Perfect for your next getaway, this tasseled Cult Gaia bag is sure you to score you some major love on the 'gram.  A small and sleek smart watch that you'll actually want to wear.  Put this rising handbag brand on your radar now. Its mini handbags are about to become every fashion girl's favorite and this glossy red style is one you'll want to tote all year round.  Nothing says "I Love You" like a one-of-a-kind ring. Delicate, yet supremely comfortable, the Bonnie bra is an everyday favorite. We all deserve a monthly wine subscription in our lives. Whether you're gifting it to someone else or buying one for yourself, Hello Fresh offers up three wine subscription options: a red wine plan, a white wine plan, and a mixed assortment plan. Every subscription comes with 6 assorted wine bottles a month for $89. 
 Just a casual stroll with baby Stormi, nothing to see here.  New mom Kylie Jenner continues to prove she's not a regular mom, she's a cool mom.  While taking her two-month-old daughter Stormi for a walk through the neighborhood, the 20-year-old beauty mogul decided to match her Fendi logo baby stroller (more on that later) by wearing a vintage Fendi logo dress and fanny pack from What Goes Around Comes Around.    Although Stormi isn't visible in the photo, one could only hope the newborn is also rocking a Fendi outfit too. While Jenner's exact stroller doesn't seem to be available online (yet), a similar Fendi one is available for $1,600 at Saks Fifth Avenue. Fendi logo stroller, $1,600, SHOP For the first time since the early 2000s, designer logomania has been making a strong comeback. Logos were spotted on the Fall 2018 runways at Versace, Louis Vuitton, Dior, and perhaps the most popular so far, Fendi. The full-on Fendi logo look has been spotted on a countless number of influencers as well as Kim Kardashian, Rihanna, and Nicki Minaj's latest cover art.  Of course, Kylie Jenner turning the Fendi logo into a baby stroller (and matching look, nonetheless) is really taking the trend to the next level. Though she hasn't shared too many photos of baby Stormi's face on her Instagram feed (minus a few selfies), here's to hoping we can expect the baby to sport a Fendi logo look in the near future. She does, of course, need a look of her own to match her stroller too.  Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott welcomed their daughter into the world on February 1, 2018. Jenner ann0unced the news with an 11-minute documentary-style video that showcased her pregnancy journey. 
 Girl, get your skirt suit on... From royals like Kate Middleton to actresses Keira Knightley and Janelle Monae, and blogger Aimee Song, the skirt suit is slowly taking the fashion reigns. It's also a chameleon: pulled-together and ladylike from Chanel, boardroom-ready by Altuzarra, young, fun and ready to pose for your Insta shot by Tibi. Whether you're in for flirty minis or something more official—shop 5 that get the job done. The whole ethos of a great suit is getting two pieces that work beautifully together, and look just as fantastic apart. Just like any successful love affair.  We'd wear this skirt with a white blouse and black kitten heels when we don't pair it with that killer jacket. A post shared by H Ē I R (@patriciamanfield) on Dec 15, 2018 at 7:36am PST Patricia Manfield lends some edge to her ladylike suit with unexpected accessories. Belt this oversized blazer or wear it open with a white tee underneath.  It doesn't get cooler than this pencil skirt with a matching jacket and great knee high boots. Although this pink coat is utterly lovely on its own, just add a mini and you have a game-changing look.  While not under the category of essentials, a pink mini skirt is certainly a wardrobe bonus.  Keira's Chanel suit is pulled together, but not too serious. We love the addendum of a matching little hat. This crystal embellished jacket feels right on time for our current '80s revival. A great white skirt is perfect with a coordinating jacket, and looks just as chic with a simple black turtleneck. A cropped silhouette takes this skirt suit from all business to weekend-wear. Menswear suiting has become de rigueur—mix up your oversized boyfriend blazer by wearing it with a matching mini skirt rather than trousers. A good mini changes up this whole skirt suit game in the best way.
 Kanye West's latest collection is now available to shop. Update, 12/5: After being casually modeled by Kim Kardashian West in the past week or so, the Yeezy Season 6 collection is now available to shop online.  As expected, the site features 16 different looks, all modeled by Kim, in Kanye's signature nude color palette and body-hugging silhouettes. Items include sports bras ($300), sweatpants ($300), sock boots ($715), minimalist heels ($615), a bodycon dress ($500), and more.  See the full collection here. SHOP Original story, 12/4: Skipping a traditional runway show at New York Fashion Week, Kanye West instead opted for a fresh way to debut his Yeezy Season 6 collection: on paparazzi shots of Kim Kardashian West.  The rapper/designer enlisted his wife to showcase his latest designs, which she shared on Twitter and Instagram. According to Kim, the looks were all styled by BAZAAR's global fashion director (and good friend to Kimye), Carine Roitfeld.  Sticking with West's signature neutral color palette, the new pieces range from hues of brown, black and gray to a pretty new shade of dusty blue. While some pieces are similar to those in past Yeezy collections (the standard spandex shorts and minimalist bra tops), Season 6 introduces some fresh West designs like high-waisted wide-leg pants, a trench coat and a shearling-lined jacket.  #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/ls7voophEl Kim unveiled each look one by one, proving there's a Yeezy outfit for every occasion like a "McDonald's run Yeezy," which consists of an oversized chocolate brown jacket and no pants: McDonald’s run #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/dHrIMiX5xe And "Smoothie run Yeezy," which obviously includes a pale blue bra top, matching high-waisted sweatpants and nude sock boots. If you're wearing anything else while drinking a smoothie, you're doing it all wrong.   Smoothie run #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/lzqHVc1Wcu Similar to "Smoothie run Yeezy" is "Delorian ride Yeezy," a look in which one emerges from the Back to The Future car. (Kim spelled DeLorean wrong, but hey no runway show is perfect).  Delorian ride #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/FpTEf49G9A Then there's "Coffee Run Yeezy," a cozy ensemble that debuts some new Yeezy footwear.  Coffee Bean run #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/TFuKGYcMAy "Office Run Yeezy," (not for those with a standard 9-to-5): Office run #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/VzqGoBIuvu "Late Night Run Yeezy": Late night run #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/Ib1Ng6VPSE "Errands run Yeezy," (not to be confused with the late night run, the coffee run, or the office run Yeezy): Errands run #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/NvSOHeArgi "FedEx run Yeezy," which includes a two-tone collared jacket: FedEx run #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/bX3nymvazQ "Meetings Yeezy," (unless your name rhymes with Bim Bardashian Best, however, you probably can't get away with wearing denim cutoffs to a meeting): Meetings #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/xvFTvlBAAi A very practical, "Getting gas Yeezy," look: Getting gas  #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/Dv6jRTCAFW A super sexy "Date night Yeezy" look: Date night #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/v8fyazH7Tg "Phone calls Yeezy": Phone calls #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/Nm8MWz6JXE "Business meetings Yeezy," (again: I do not recommend wearing a bandeau to a business meeting unless you are part of the Kardashian family): Business meetings #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/Ed7ZmmlMEr "Chill Yeezy": Chill #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/nhQYHT2sYe "Calabasas Yeezy," which features a very good hooded and shearling-lined jacket: Calabasas #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/HMCY5k9bBo "Storage unit run Yeezy," which, wow, if you don't have a storage unit run outfit in your closet, what are you even doing with your life? Storage unit run #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/mvhDiKsC5F And my personal favorite, "Kit Kat run Yeezy," which includes a very good chocolate trench coat that I would love to wear on a Kit Kat run.  Kit Kat run #Yeezy pic.twitter.com/nPuNbQr0Dr Neither Kim nor Kanye has announced when Yeezy Season 6 will be available to shop, but it looks like it may be one of West's strongest collections yet. This is the first collection that West hasn't unveiled at New York Fashion Week. Yeezy Season 5 was the designer's last collection, which he debuted in February 2017 at NYFW. 
 The brand paid homage to its late founder in the perfect way.  This season marks the first New York Fashion Week since the tragic passing of Kate Spade in June. To honor her legacy, the Kate Spade New York brand paid homage to its late founder with a touching tribute on its Spring 2019 runway.  Show notes left on the seats of attendees read, "She left a little sparkle everywhere she went," a play on one of the designer's most famous quotes, "She leaves a little sparkle wherever she goes." Furthering the touching sentiment, the brand's pink runway was lined with a path of silver sparkle and glitter.  It was a subtle, but perfect way to celebrate the woman who loved bringing sparkle, color, and a touch of playfulness to not only fashion, but the everyday lives of the women wearing her designs. The Spring 2019 show marked the brand's first under its new creative director, Nicola Glass, after Deborah Lloyd stepped down in November 2017. Glass embraced the extremely colorful and bright prints the fashion house was originally built on, further paying respect to the legacy of Kate Spade (who hasn't been associated with the Kate Spade New York brand since 2007). An emphasis was also placed on the brand's signature motif, a spade, which played a big role in a range of pieces from the spring collection.   a peek into spring 2019: our 3-d printed floral spade emboss. see the full collection by our new creative director, nicola glass, live. friday, september 7th at 11am est, here on instagram. #nyfw #katespadeny A post shared by  kate spade new york (@katespadeny) on Sep 5, 2018 at 7:04am PDT In the past, Kate Spade New York has shown its collections in a presentation format, but this season marked the beginning of its switch to runway shows. Luckily, it looks like the heart and mission of the brand won’t be changing any time soon. 
 We're here for these, Janessa Leone and Anine Bing... Anine Bing helped bring Scandi chic to the masses, first as a fashion blogger and then as one of the first fashion bloggers to launch her own ready-to-wear brand. She's since opened up multiple brick and mortar stores and expanded into shoes, bags, home and beyond, never veering from the minimal, cool, rocker aesthetic she's synonymous with. Janessa Leone is the LA-based milliner who helped bring the boater into the fashion lexicon. The hat and accessories designer has a way with sleek lines and imbuing her collections with just the right amount of edge. It stands to reason then, that these two blondes would make something fantastic should they ever join forces. Enter: Anine Bing x Janessa Leone, a collection of three hat styles, a tan fedora, black fedora with studded detail and a classic felt boater that will help bring every fall wardrobe to the next level.  “I  love  the style  and feminine  energy of Janessa’s  designs and  have always  admired how her  hats can add the  perfect rock  ’n’ roll  touch to an  outfit," Bing tells BAZAAR.com. "She understands  the beauty in  minimalism  and I love  how closely our  brands are able to co-exist.  Working with  her on this partnership  was amazing and  I am  so proud  to have created three timeless pieces  that will make  the women  wearing them  feel effortless  and confident.” Anine Bing x Janessa Leone hats retail for $207-$230 and are available on aninebing.com and janessaleone.com now.
 From designer musical chairs to standout runway moments and more, a look back at the year in fashion.  It was a year of highs, lows, and some strides of progress in the fashion industry. From fashion activism to more diverse runways and conversation-starting red carpets, 2018 brought about some positive change in the fashion world. But there were also some notable controversies and the loss of several prominent design icons as well. As the year comes to an end, we're taking a look back at all the biggest moments that meant the most in fashion.  The year kicked off with women of Hollywood bringing the Time's Up movement to the red carpet at the Golden Globes. Wearing all black in solidarity, stars from Meryl Streep to Kerry Washington and #MeToo founder Tarana Burke used their award show fashion to speak up about sexual harassment and gender inequality in Hollywood and beyond.  For Kim Jones' final show as creative director at Louis Vuitton Men's, '90s supermodel icons Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss reunited on the catwalk. Marking their first runway show together in years, the fashion legends also escorted Jones down the runway for his final bow.   Making history, Virgil Abloh became the first African-American artistic director at Louis Vuitton Menswear—succeeding Kim Jones' in his role. In June, the creative director debuted his first runway collection for the fashion house to a star-studded front row. The monumental show ended with an emotional moment shared between Abloh and his longtime collaborator Kanye West.  In February, Carolina Herrera announced her Fall 2018 runway show would be her last before stepping down as creative director. Marking the end of an era, the designer's final collection celebrated her most memorable designs over the years and concluded with a standing ovation. Wes Gordon, who worked as a creative consultant to the designer for a year, succeeded Herrera in her role.  Delivering another jaw-dropping Met Gala look, Rihanna showed up to this year's Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination theme looking like a high fashion pope. The singer stunned in a pearl and jewel-encrusted robe, matching papal mitre, and necklace designed by Margiela—which easily became the most memorable look from this year's fashion event.  Another shakeup hit New York Fashion Week when Alexander Wang announced he would no longer be showing during the traditional NYFW calendar. Instead, the designer will now show "seasonless" collections twice a year in June and December to align with the brand's production schedule. To kick off his new schedule, Wang presented "Collection 1" and "Collection 2" this year—both of which were odes to America.  From the royal wedding watched around the world to a pregnancy announcement, it was a whirlwind year for Meghan Markle. Now officially a Duchess, it was all eyes on Meghan and every single thing she wore this year. She crashed designer's websites, sold out nearly every item she wore, and established her new style as a member of the British royal family. In 2017, fashion houses including Gucci and Michael Kors announced their decisions to ban real animal fur. This year, a growing list of designers including Versace, Diane von Furstenberg, Coach, and Burberry followed suit in going fur free. Additionally, San Francisco became the largest U.S. city to ban real fur in March.  Melania Trump sparked outrage when she wore a Zara jacket reading "I Really Don't Care, Do U?" on her way to go meet detained refugee children at the Texas border. Causing an outcry across the country (and world), it was one of the most talked-about fashion choices of the year. The First Lady later said her disrespectful jacket choice was a message "for the left-winged media who are criticizing me." K.  Legendary Harlem couturier Dapper Dan debuted his first major collection with a luxury brand in June. Inspired by the streets of Harlem and custom pieces from his '80s archives, the Gucci x Dapper Dan collaboration included apparel to footwear, eyewear, and accessories. It was Dan's long-overdue reckoning in the fashion world, following the 1992 shutdown of his Harlem atelier.  After months of consumer backlash and many stores opting to drop the brand, Ivanka Trump's namesake fashion label announced its closure in July. Following the 2016 election, Trump distanced herself from her brand in order to take an official role in the White House. But given the label's close ties to the Trump family, it wasn't able to survive criticism of its political ties.  Lady Gaga's breakout film role in Bradley Cooper's A Star Is Born may be generating a ton of Oscar buzz, but we'd also like to submit her amazing promo tour looks to the Academy for consideration as well. The singer-turned-actress repeatedly stunned at every one of the film's worldwide premieres. First, there was her epic boat arrival to the Venice Film Festival followed by a show-stopping pink feathered Valentino Couture gown. There was an archival Alexander McQueen look for the London premiere, a dramatic all black veiled look in Toronto, and a sparkling cape gown by Givenchy Haute Couture. A star was born (again), indeed.  After a few seasons of showing at Paris Fashion Week, Rodarte made a grand return to New York Fashion Week in September. The fashion house staged a hauntingly beautiful runway show in a rainy graveyard that perfectly contrasted a lineup of swoon-worthy, tulle-heavy gowns. It made for one of the most stunning moments of the Spring 2019 shows.  To ring in 50 years of Ralph Lauren, the designer staged a dazzling, star-studded show in Central Park. Featuring over 100 runway looks, the collection was an homage to the brand's legacy and greatest moments over the years. On top of the incredible venue and collection, the show was packed with a long list of A-list attendees from Hillary Clinton to Oprah Winfrey, Iman, Blake Lively, Priyanka Chopra, Kanye West, Calvin Klein, and more. Unsurprisingly, the designer received an applauding standing ovation during his bow.  Making for one of fashion's most diverse and inclusive runways of the year, Rihanna made a splash with her first ever Savage x Fenty New York Fashion Week show. The stunning celebration of womanhood featured women of all sizes, races, and ethnicities. Most notably, it also cast two pregnant models in lingerie—including Slick Woods who went into labor right after walking the show. Once again, Bad Gal Riri knows best.  In September, Riccardo Tisci presented his first collection since being appointed creative director at Burberry. Featuring an astounding 134 runway looks, including both men and womenswear, the designer unveiled his reimagined take on the British heritage brand, ushering in its next chapter.  In one of the year's most shocking pieces of fashion news, Michael Kors bought Versace in a $2.1 billion deal. In its acquisition of the iconic Italian fashion house, the Michael Kors Holdings fashion group changed its name to Capri Holdings. Donatella Versace, who will remain the brand's creative director, said in a statement, "We believe that being part of this group is essential to Versace’s long-term success. My passion has never been stronger. This is the perfect time for our company, which puts creativity and innovation at the core of all of its actions, to grow.” Hedi Slimane shocked the fashion world when he unveiled his first collection for Celine in September. A drastic departure from Phoebe Philo's polished vision at the brand, Slimane brought the party-ready, '80s-infused looks from his Saint Laurent days to Celine. The outcome resulted in a ton of criticism from fans missing the old Celine.  Though there's still a lot of work to be done, huge progress was made at the September shows during New York Fashion Week. In New York's most diverse runway season ever, the Spring 2019 runways featured 44.8% models of color and an increased representation of plus-size models as well. Small strides were also made in terms of age diversity along with transgender representation.  In one of the fashion industry's most meaningful moves of 2018, Nike cast Colin Kaepernick as the face of its new "Just Do It" campaign. Kaepernick, who began kneeling during the National Anthem to peacefully protest police brutality and racial injustices against the African American community, hasn't been signed to an NFL team since 2016 due to controversy surrounding his activism. Nike went on to broadcast the inspiring commercial during the NFL season opener in September—further making a powerful statement.  Giving us a major dose of fashion nostalgia, Marc Jacobs announced the reissuing of his famous 1993 grunge collection for Perry Ellis—which ultimately led to his firing from the brand 25 years ago. Jacobs brought back the full collection with a capsule dubbed 'Redux Grunge Collection 1993/2018 Marc Jacobs'. To celebrate the reissuing, the brand tapped Gigi Hadid, Slick Woods, Dree Hemingway, and more to model the collection in a campaign shot by Juergen Teller.  A post shared by Dolce & Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) on Nov 21, 2018 at 6:27am PST Dolce & Gabbana found itself in hot water after controversy surrounding its planned (and later cancelled) Shanghai fashion show. Instagram account @DietPrada posted screenshots of an exchange between Stefano Gabbana and Michaela Phuong Thanh Tranova, which included a series of problematic, racial remarks from the designer. Gabbana then claimed that his Instagram was hacked, and that he wasn't responsible for the offensive content. Dolce & Gabbana's official account also posted an apology, explaining that both accounts had been hacked. But after backlash spread online and high profile guests began pulling out of the scheduled Shanghai show, it was quickly cancelled.  Following a heated meeting with President Trump, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi captured everyone's attention not only with her fiery words, but with her red power coat by Max Mara. While exiting the White House like a true boss, Pelosi caused the internet to collectively obsess over her outerwear choice. Memes spread instantly, a Twitter account called "Nancy Pelosi's Red Coat" was born, and The Boston Globe dubbed it "Big Coat Energy."  The infatuation with Pelosi's coat was so immense that Max Mara decided to reissue the design (originally from its 2012 collection) in honor of the House leader. It will be available to shop in 2019—proving the influence of politics in fashion.  After a year of endless runways, a design collaboration with Karl Lagerfeld, and several ad campaigns, the Fashion Awards declared Kaia Gerber as 2018's Model of The Year. As predicted, the 17-year-old is quickly following in her supermodel mom's footsteps—and this is only the beginning.  Although there were plenty of feel-good moments in the fashion industry this year, there were also a few big losses. Most shocking of them all was the tragic death of Kate Spade in June. The 55-year-old died of an apparent suicide, leaving the fashion world in mourning at her loss.  In March, the industry lost another icon when Hubert de Givenchy passed away at the age of 91. He was most-known for founding the Givenchy fashion empire and designing some of Audrey Hepburn's most famous looks.  A month later, handbag designer Judith Leiber passed away at the age of 97. She was celebrated for her incredibly ornate, quirky, and luxurious handbag designs. 
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 Yes, you read that correctly.  Victoria Beckham, the high-heel aficionado who once proclaimed, "I can't concentrate in flats!," surprised us all last fall by announcing a new partnership with Reebok. And now, we've finally got a first look at what the unexpected collaboration will look like.  Making a swift departure from her Posh days of sky-high stilettos only, the designer dropped the first of her collaboration with the athletic brand last night: a line of merch dedicated to Shaquille O'Neal. Yes, really.  Looking to the '90s era of Reebok—which was ruled by the basketball legend himself—Beckham created a collection paying homage to the heritage of the brand. For the official unveiling of the pieces, she was joined by none other than Shaq himself. Making for the world's unlikeliest pair, the duo posed together on a basketball court in matching looks from the Beckham-curated collection.  Both wearing sneakers, Victoria and Shaq showed off their hilarious height difference (the designer is 5'4, while the basketball player stands at 7'1) while posing side by side. To even out the difference, Beckham later got some help by standing on a wooden podium—and then by Shaq himself who helped her make a slam dunk.   Slam dunk! @shaq @reebok #ReebokxVictoriaBeckham A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Apr 12, 2018 at 6:17pm PDT Later in the evening, the pair showed off the new Reebok tees with an appearance on The Late Late Show With James Corden followed by a private dinner in Los Angeles with both the Beckham and O'Neal families.   @shaq @j_corden @latelateshow x #ReebokxVictiriaBeckham A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Apr 12, 2018 at 11:30pm PDT David Beckham, along with sons Brooklyn, Romeo and Cruz, were amongst the first to wear the Shaq-inspired pieces.   @shaq @davidbeckham 💜💛 A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Apr 12, 2018 at 11:27pm PDT  So glad you like it @romeobeckham! x #ReebokxVictoriaBeckham A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Apr 12, 2018 at 9:27pm PDT The unisex line of Shaq merch, which is set to drop soon, is just the first of Beckham's collaboration with Reebok. The designer's full collection for the sportswear brand—which will likely include both apparel and footwear—is slated to drop sometime later this year. 
 Entrepreneur, designer, influencer, visionary—Yoyo Cao is the complete package and then some.  All eyes on Yoyo Cao. With her chic clothing label Exhibit and expanding lifestyle site YOYOKULALA, the Singapore-based style star continues to captivate the fashion scene. Your greatest source of inspiration? It’s cheesy, but inspiration can come from anywhere for me. I’d say travelling is a big source of inspiration for me. Favorite style icons? My mother was the first person to introduce me to fashion so I’m going to pick her. She’s a really chic lady. How do you see yourself fitting in the fashion scene? This industry can get really rough and chaotic. I want to be someone who is able to spread positive vibes. Favorite off-duty pastimes? I love to just chill at the couch with good friends, good food, and good conversations. An occasional karaoke session never hurts too. Most memorable fashion moment? I’m going to cheat and say my very first fashion season almost four years ago. Everything was so new and overwhelming to me, but every day was one of those “pinch me” days. Style philosophy? Less is more. Who are your heroes and why? My parents. They work hard and they’re driven, but they’re also the kind of people who aren’t afraid to try. What’s the biggest change you want to see in the industry? It is always so heartening to see female designers making a name for themselves and getting the recognition that they deserve both as designers and businesswomen. We need to continue supporting our women! If you could own one outfit from any time and place, what would it be? I’ve been re-watching some of my favourite fashion documentaries and I think anyone would be lucky to own any one of the couture pieces featured in it, whether it is couture today or from the fifties or sixties. It is like owning a piece of fashion history. Your go-to uniform? I’m definitely a t-shirt and vintage cropped jeans kind of girl on an off-duty day. I love a white shirt, too. For dressed up events, a pantsuit never fails. What does Singapore mean to you and how has it affected your style? It’s my second home and where all my closest friends are. I think the weather in Singapore really teaches you to find way to go around trends. We can’t wear coats or shearling boots, but what can we do in place of it? What’s the most powerful advice you received? To simply work hard and remember to count your blessings.  Beyond grateful and blessed to be doing @exhibitstore's fourth runway collection – thank you @charleskeithofficial @singaporefashionweek who have been behind us from the start and to every single one of you who have helped make my dream a reality. And finally, to my amazing team, I couldn't have pulled it off without you. A special thanks to my bunny @ireneisgood for being my opening and closing warrior princess. My heart is so full ❣️ Photo by @timsuen A post shared by  YOYO CAO (@yoyokulala) on Oct 30, 2017 at 4:55am PDT Rebecca de Ravenel earrings, $345, shopbazaar.com, Rosie Assoulin top, $1,495, shopbazaar.com, Mykita sunglasses, $519, shopbazaar.com, J.W. Anderson bag, $1,930, shopbazaar.com, Laura Mercier eyeliner, $25, shopbazaar.com, Sies Marjan skirt, $990, shopbazaar.com, Christian Dior lipstick, $38, shopbazaar.com, Yeezy boot, $895, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi coat, $1,295, shopbazaar.com, Vetements sweatshirt, $890, shopbazaar.com, Axenoff Jewellry earrings, $3,200, shopbazaar.com, Clive Christian fragrance, $550, shopbazaar.com, Mark Cross bag, $2,595, shopbazaar.com, Frame Denim jeans, $240, shopbazaar.com, Isabel Marant boot, $780, shopbazaar.com SHOP Yves Saint Laurent mascara, $32, shopbazaar.com, Tibi blazer, $695, shopbazaar.com, Marc Jacobs shirt, $350, shopbazaar.com, House of Lafayette beanie, $125, shopbazaar.com, Chloe bag, $1,550, shopbazaar.com, Tibi pants, $495, shopbazaar.com, Shelly Zucker Jewelry earrings, $1,125, shopbazaar.com, Gianvito Rossi boot, $995, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Bookmark this Halloween inspo. New York Comic-Con is happening now and fans are coming out in some of the most incredible costumes and cosplays we've seen yet. Bookmark this page now because it's all the Halloween inspo you need. 
 So many bare midriffs. Coachella 2018 is happening, and that means copious festival-goers wearing incredible ensembles, bright colors, and unexpected accessories. Here, some of the best street style from Coachella so far:
 Here's what to pack if you're headed across the pond. In lieu of the royal wedding, travel across the pond has seen an uptick. But packing for a trip to the land of Cadbury and civilized public transportation can be daunting: there's the inconsistent weather, for one, and an enormity of excursion options, all of which seem to demand their own dedicated wardrobe, shoes and accessories. Here, a round up of what to pack for your next trip to England–whether you're making plans in Shoreditch, Mayfair or the countryside—all inspired by Britain's most legendary fashion icons. From Twiggy, Kate Moss, Victoria Beckham, Kate Middleton, Naomi Campbell and beyond, these are the fail-safe pieces to flaunt the next time you're in the UK.   Topshop Annie Hooded Rain Jacket, $95, nordstrom.com SHOP Bobbi Brown Skin Reviver No.91 - Power Greens Ferment, 14ml, $45, net-a-porter.com SHOP  Krewe St. Louis Round Polarized Sunglasses, Blue/Brown Tortoise, $295, neimanmarcus.com SHOP  Hanky Panky Maria Triangle Bralette, $49, nordstrom.com SHOP HVN Morgan printed silk crepe de chine dress, $625, net-a-porter.com SHOP Racil Hatanaka double-breasted wool-piqué blazer, $1,075, net-a-porter.com SHOP Marni Box Leather Bag, $2,280, net-a-porter.com, SHOP Fly London Maku Lace-Up Sneaker, $189.95, nordstrom.com SHOP Joshua Sanders Pink Knot Sock sneakers, $335, farfetch.com SHOP Burberry Eastheath Coated Lace Trench Coat, $3,195.00, nordstrom.com SHOP Calpak Astyll 2 Piece Set, $265, shopbop.com SHOP Eberjey Sleep Chic printed jersey pajama set, $120, net-a-porter.com SHOP Polaroid Originals OneStep2 Camera, $99.99, bloomingdales.com, SHOP Mango Detachable belt dress, $59.99, shop.mango.com SHOP Sandra Mansour Serpent Pleather Velvet Cropped Jacket, $2,335, modaoperandi.com SHOP House of Holland Prince of Wales trousers, $630, farfetch.com SHOP Zara Ruffled Check Pants, $45.90, zara.com SHOP Inverni wide brim sun hat, $464, farfetch.com SHOP Veronica Beard slim ruffled T-shirt, $130, farfetch.com SHOP Levi's classic 1960 509 jeans, $237, farfetch.com SHOP Danse Lente Johnny tote, $423, farfetch.com SHOP Club Monaco Kittrick Silk Slip Dress, $228, clubmonaco.com SHOP Rixo London Leandra floral-print silk crepe de chine midi skirt, $295,net-a-porter.com SHOP Charlotte Chesnais, Gold and Silver endless earrings, $556, farfetch.com farfetch.com Vetements leather mules, $805, net-a-porter.com SHOP Topshop Button Plaid Skirt, $75, nordstrom.com, SHOP Haweel UK Wall Charger, $13.99, amazon.com SHOP  Oscar de la Renta Beaded Drop Earrings, $435, nordstrom.com SHOP Alison Lou, Mwa! enameled 14-karat gold diamond bracelet, $670, net-a-porter.com SHOP Melissa x Baja East Desert Boots, $150, shopbop.com SHOP
 What all the influencers, editors, models and more are wearing off the runway... Fashion Month is not a sprint, it's a marathon—in very, very good shoes. See which shoes, hats, dresses, coats, jeans and more the runway-observers of the world are wearing to take in the Fall 2019 shows.  Lisa Aiken Gaia Repossi Chrissy Rutherford in Preen skirt Kate Foley in Prada coat Tiffany Hsu in Sies Marjan Staud bag Julia Restoin-Roitfeld Yasmin Sewell Leonie Hanne Anna Vitiello Madelynn Furlong Evangelie Smyrniotaki Aje dress Chrissy Rutherford in Prada sweater Margaret Zhang Bettina Looney Anna Vitiello Megan Reynolds Laura Stoloff
 The model reveals the one dress that changed her life—and how it transcended time.    I was in a car coming home from the airport in 2010 when Diane von Furstenberg called me and said, “Darling, the CFDA has nominated you.” And I’m like, “For what? I’m not a designer.” And she said, “The Fashion Icon Award. It was unanimous.” And I said, “Well, I’m honored.” Then automatically I was like, “What the hell am I going to wear?” I knew I wanted something that would transcend time, that nobody could ever put a date on. I didn’t want a color, so if you look at a black-and-white picture it could have been 1950. It had to be couture and have a presence but feel timeless and iconic. Giambattista [Valli] had sent me a couple of dresses for other events, and beautiful as they were, they took up the entire room. I’ve always told him jokingly, “I’m not Sarah Jessica Parker.” I’m much taller than she is, but somehow she pulls off these huge gowns effortlessly. I don’t like big gowns. I have a Somali body; we’re very small-boned, so things can overwhelm me. And I don’t want to wear something that I’m worried about how to walk in all night.  When I was nominated I contacted Giambattista, and he sent some pictures, and I was like, “This is the dress!” When you know, you know. So he sent the dress to me in New York, and I had a lot of fittings; we were still tweaking it at the very last minute. I wanted this dress to be like it was cut for me. You see some celebrities on the red carpet, and the dress is way too long, and you think, “Why didn’t anyone hem it?” It’s one of those things someone in fashion knows. I could walk in this dress; it was easy. I wore it with a classic black satin Manolo Blahnik heel.  I also wanted my hair and makeup to transcend time. That’s why I chose a chic chignon. I didn’t want any lip, just a little bit of a smoky eye. And then the jewelry. We went to Fred Leighton, and they were like, “Oh, with your neck, you should wear a long earring.” And I’m thinking, “No, I shouldn’t. That will destroy this picture.” I ended up wearing simple diamond earrings and some diamond bracelets. I’ve always been anti-trends. I’m not interested in wearing the latest length or the designer who is hot. When I walk into a room, I want people to remember me rather than what I am wearing.  "It had to be couture and have a presence but feel timeless and iconic." I asked Isabella Rossellini, who is a very close friend—and an icon in my mind—to present the award to me. I then wrote my speech and ran it by my husband [the late David Bowie]. He made sure that I rehearsed. He said, “I don’t want you looking at teleprompters. It’s your speech; you should know it.” I was like, “God, don’t make it so difficult.” Only a performer like him would know something like this, because when the dress arrived he told me to try it on with the heels and say my speech. And I forgot half of it. He said, “That’s why dress rehearsal is done. You put on the clothes, you stand there, and you will feel it.” Thank God I had him to walk me through that. I felt amazing in the dress, and it was a wonderful night. I wasn’t modeling anymore, but I was in a room full of people I knew, both established designers I’d worked with and young, up-and-coming ones I admired. One of them was Alexander Wang, who made a dress for me, a short dress, for a party held in my honor a week later.  You don’t win the Fashion Icon Award; you’re awarded it, so my speech was about being thankful for what got me here, like my long neck, which I inherited from my parents. I also wanted it to be funny and to have a quotable moment. My husband didn’t know how my speech ended; he heard it for the first time when I got up there. I said, “Now I can finally say to my husband, ‘Move over, you’re not the only icon in the house.’” He told me that it was the perfect ending, and for me it was the perfect evening being with him and wearing the perfect dress, which I’ve archived.  My husband never kept any of his awards in our apartment—everything was in his office. But now I have two statues at home, my award and a tribute award that the CFDA gave to my husband after he passed away. They sit side by side. As Told To Natasha Silva-Jelly This article originally appears in the December 2017/January 2018 issue of Harper's Bazaar. 
 "What they did to me is unacceptable," the Victoria's Secret Angel shared on Instagram. People reports that model Sara Sampaio has added her voice to the growing number of women sharing their personal stories of sexual harassment—whether in Hollywood, the modeling industry, or their everyday lives—in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal.  The Victoria's Secret Angel alleges that Lui magazine, which is considered "the French Playboy," pressured her to pose nude in a recent photoshoot and used a picture where her nipples were accidentally exposed on the cover of its newest issue, in violation of her "no nudity" contract. Sampaio added that she plans to take legal action against the magazine with the help of her agency and lawyer. People reached out to Lui for a comment, but the magazine has not yet responded. "Even with the 'No Nudity' clause in my agreement with Lui, I was aggressively pressured to do nude shots on set, asking me why I didn't want to show my nipples or go fully nude," 26-year-old Sampaio shared in an Instagram post.  "Throughout the shoot day, I needed to constantly defend myself and reiterate my boundaries with no nude images, making sure I covered myself as best as I could," she added.  When she saw the photos taken, she noticed there were "accidental exposures with parts of my body I didn't want exposed," she continued. Sampaio says she told the magazine she didn't want those photos used.  The photo Lui ultimately used featured Sampaio wearing panties, no top, and a coat that was positioned so it revealed one of her nipples. "Like so many models, I've had negative experiences in the past where I felt pressured to pose nude," she wrote, saying she'd been coerced by photographers or stylists who have seen her pose nude in the past. "I was bullied," she added.  The model added that she's "selective" when it comes to being exposed during photoshoots. "Just because I've consented to posing nude in the past, it does not give anyone the permission to assume I would do it again under any circumstance," she said. "I feel violated, mistreated, and disrespected as a professional and as a woman." "What they did to me is unacceptable. I feel violated, mistreated, and disrespected as a professional and as a woman," Sampaio continued. "I want to do what I can to prevent this from happening to me again, and to others." She concluded saying this kind of "bullying and abuse" is "systemic" in the modeling world, echoing '90s supermodel Christy Turlington Burns, who recently told WWD that "harassment and mistreatment have been widely known and tolerated in the industry." "Sadly, this is not an isolated incident, and I am not alone," Sampaio wrote.   The model tagged her revealing post with #MyJobShouldNotIncludeAbuse, a hashtag created by model Cameron Russell, who's been sharing anonymous stories of sexual harassment in the modeling industry on her Instagram profile. Flip through below to see Sampaio's full statement on Instagram.  I was reluctant even scared about posting this but now more than ever is important to speak out!  As models and as women, we need to stand together and demand the respect we deserve.  Keep ➡️➡️ #MyJobShouldNotIncludeAbuse A post shared by  Sara Sampaio (@sarasampaio) on Oct 19, 2017 at 11:01am PDT
 Jeweller Carolina Bucci reveals her glittering journey. As the first woman to oversee her family's jewellery dynasty, Carolina Bucci knows a thing or two about breaking glass ceilings. The Italian designer is the fourth generation of jewellers after her great-grandfather opened a workshop in Florence in 1885, specialising in pocket-watch repairs. After studying jewellery design in New York, Carolina returned to the family business to create her own eponymous brand. Under the newly-created label, Carolina Bucci, she launched the Lucky bracelet, which appeared on the wrist of none other than Carrie Bradshaw, propelling the designer to worldwide fame.  Today, Carolina is known for fine jewellery that is both playful and sophisticated as well as her collaboration with Swiss watch brand Audemars Piguet. Here, she reveals how her journey began. Growing up in Italy and surrounded by jewellers, I received beautiful jewellery as presents, but I always wanted to transform the pieces into something different, more unique. My father, indulging me, would say, "Make a sketch and present what you’d like to do." The process would go back and forth until my vision was picture perfect. Then I would sit with a jeweller until I created what I wanted. It was the most natural training and I learnt to persevere in turning a vision into a reality.  "I learnt to persevere in turning a vision into a reality." My father has been building the business since he was 18. He's now 82. He maintained our family’s Florentine workshops and grew the business internationally. Meanwhile, I was studying fine arts and jewellery design at FIT in New York.  When I returned to Florence after my studies, I wanted to prove myself so I worked alongside local goldsmiths and encouraged them to push the boundaries of their traditional practices. We used a centuries-old Florentine textile loom to weave gold and silk threads and I launched my first collection, Woven, in 2001.  I'm now creative director of the business. Despite being the first woman to run it within such a male-dominated industry, I haven't faced gender inequality — I believe that a good idea is a good idea, no matter who it comes from. My father continues to be my biggest mentor and critic. Working with your family means complete trust and that's something you cannot buy.  Things really took off for my designs in 2002 when the Lucky bracelet appeared on the wrist of Sarah Jessica Parker in Sex And The City. Demand went through the roof! That was the moment I realised my ideas could have a commercial future. I worked hard on creating the Florentine Finish, which is achieved by beating gold with a diamond-tipped tool leaving small dents in the surface that sparkle. It's now become my trademark.   As a jeweller, my husband has a tough job buying me gifts. On my 35th birthday, he was struggling to find a watch I liked. The watches available for women were predictable with diamonds and pink straps. One day, I spotted a lady in New York wearing a beautiful watch — in a slightly stalker way, I followed her up five floors of Bergdorf Goodman. Finally, I got close enough to see it was by Audemars Piguet, the luxury Swiss watch brand.  It was their Royal Oak, a man’s watch from the late ’70s that was no longer in production. Luckily, my husband found me a pre-loved version and I instantly stopped wearing any other watch. The Royal Oak compliments my jewellery and my wardrobe perfectly so it naturally became part of my everyday style.  A post shared by Carolina Bucci (@carolina_bucci) on Jul 2, 2018 at 1:39am PDT I started posting images of my beloved Royal Oak on Instagram, which led to François-Henry [Bennahmias, CEO of Audemars Piguet] contacting me for a meeting. It was 2013 and I was invited to Le Brassus where I learnt more about their world, then I invited him to Florence to learn about my business. It was like dating! We clicked.  After several conversations, François bluntly asked why I was wearing a man’s watch. So, in a similarly frank way, I told him that the women’s watches don’t do it for me. He set me a challenge to design something better and I instantly accepted.  My passion was to design a watch for women by a woman. I deliberately wanted to move away from the usual approach to just make a man's watch smaller. First, I used the signature Florentine technique from my jewellery to add a shimmering surface to Audemars Piguet's classic watch design. It took seven attempts to perfect. We launched the first iteration to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the first ladies’ Royal Oak and it was hugely popular.  "I've learnt from working in my family business that there's always a way." For the second adaptation, I wanted to create the watch in yellow gold, my favourite metal. I also wanted to create a highly reflective, perfectly smooth mirror dial in contrast to the rough finish of the bracelet. It's a logistical nightmare, so, initially, I was told it wouldn't be possible. But I’m stubborn! I've learnt from working in my family business that there's always a way. The result is incredible. Even the watch boxes are works of art. I now wear my Royal Oak iteration for everything from work to weekends. There are only 300 pieces available so each one feels special. I hope that it will reflect the unique lifestyle of the woman who wears it, all reflected in the beautiful mirror dial.  As well as the launch of the Royal Oak Frosted Gold Carolina Bucci Limited Edition watch, I've just opened a new store for the Carolina Bucci brand at 22 Motcomb Street in London. It's at the opposite end of the street from where our previous boutique was for over 10 years. It's three times the size and has different areas, from a VIP client Living Room as well as my Mood Room. I'm excited for people to visit and enter my world for the first time. It's something I hope my great-grandfather would be proud of.  Discover the Royal Oak Frosted Gold Carolina Bucci limited edition here 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 He addresses his wife's depression, their marriage, and their teenage daughter. Kate Spade's husband, Andy, has released a personal statement to The New York Times about his wife's death. Andy, who co-founded Kate's iconic handbag brand, broke his silence to set the record straight about his wife's depression and anxiety, which he said she dealt with for many years. He also addressed the state of the couple's marriage and his wishes for privacy for their 13-year-old daughter, Bea. Read his message in full below:  Andy's message follows earlier responses from Kate's family and relatives, including his brother, David Spade, and Kate's niece, Rachel Brosnahan.  If you or someone you know is exhibiting warning signs of suicide, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255).
 Virgil Abloh sent the unexpected pairing down the runway at Off-White's Paris show.  If you're unsure of what one wears to a Super Bowl party, allow Virgil Abloh to give you some guidance ahead of game day. While unveiling Off-White's Fall 2019 collection at Paris Men's Fashion Week today, the creative director sent a series of football helmets, fringe disco boots, and floral bodysuits down the runway. Game day lewk come thru.  In the predominantly menswear collection, two models stood out in matching floral bodysuits accessorized with white football helmets and leather fringe boots. If you're unsure of how football works, this is what they call a touchdown.  And for those nights when you have a game at 7 but have to be at Studio 54 at 8, there was a pair of metallic fringe boots that were the stuff of disco dreams.  Another iteration of the over-the-top fringe boots in a black-and-white leather style featured Abloh's signature "For Walking" text down the shaft.  The cheeky "For Walking" boots are currently available to shop in a cowboy boot style—sans the dramatic fringe.    Abloh also offered additional options for game day outfits. A model wearing a Colts helmet donned a floor-length shirt dress and black cowboy boots. Sporty, but make it Southern Charm is officially the new aesthetic we didn't know we needed.    So it's been decided by Virgil: We're wearing football helmets in 2019. Leave your berets and baker boy hats in 2018. Helmets are the only headwear accessory suitable for blocking out the BS this year.
 Under the trailblazing, sky’s-the-limit leadership of editor Anthony T. Mazzola, Bazaar’s attitude toward the fashion and culture of the 1980s was simple: “More is more.”  As the sage maximalist Diana Vreeland once remarked, “Too much good taste can be very boring.”The 1980s—in Harper’s Bazaar and in fashion—were not boring. By the dawn of the decade, Vreeland, then in her late 70s, was already ensconced at the Costume Institute at New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art, where she was revisiting (and, in some cases, remaking) fashion history according to her own ecstatic worldview. But had she still been working as an editor, she no doubt would have greeted the explosion of good taste, bad taste, exuberant taste, and tastelessness that marked the Reagan years as a gift from the fashion gods.The ’80s have long been regarded as a period of unabashed, and at times irredeemable, egotism and excess. Everything in fashion got bigger and broader—the hair, the makeup, the silhouettes, the ideas—or was otherwise gilded, embellished, glossed, or giddily gaudy. In fact, the only thing about the decade that seemed to fly under the radar was the extraordinary creativity and innovation that fueled so much of the over-the-top fashion, which designers have only in recent years come to acknowledge and re-embrace.  Bazaar editor Anthony T. Mazzola’s reinvention of the magazine in the 1970s as a pragmatic, earthy, and enlightened women’s book proved successful. By focusing on fashion in the context of the new kind of lives that so many women were leading, Mazzola harkened back to the original spirit of Bazaar. But as the ’80s approached, the more aspirational aspects of that vision took on a life of their own. Studio 54 signaled the return of high glamour, feminism gave way to careerism, bohemianism was supplanted by materialism, and the concept of having it all—“it” being loosely defined in some variable order as a job, love, beauty, family, and security—started to become a big driver in American culture. As early as the mid-1970s, designers like Ralph Lauren, Giorgio Armani, Calvin Klein, and Donna Karan (who was still working for Anne Klein) began to build wardrobes, brands, and entire empires around notions of success. The president was a former actor. It was a brave new Technicolor world.  In the 1960s, Bazaar's celebrated foray into space exploration imagined Jean Shrimpton as an otherworldly beauty who fell to earth. But by the 1980s, we’d been to the moon and back, and the magazine’s return to the theme was a metaphor for the boundlessness of the modern woman. An April 1983 story titled “Destination: Space!,” which was shot by Bill Silano at NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston, began: “She can go anywhere, do anything. The sky’s the limit. And reaching for the moon is no longer a pipe dream.” The piece also included a few predictive tidbits about space travel for the masses, even putting forth the notion that NASA was “considering flying private citizens to a distance of 250 miles from earth—close enough for a superb lunar view.” (“We are not selling tickets,” a spokesperson for NASA said at the time, “and we are not taking any reservations.”) Chronicling this woman of the era became a project for Bazaar. Nonnie Moore, a onetime Mademoiselle fashion editor, joined Bazaar in 1980, lending a stylish eccentricity to the magazine’s take on the nascent more-is-more age of shoulder pads and power suits. But the prime avatars for the new Bazaar woman were model-actresses like Brooke Shields, Andie MacDowell, and Isabella Rossellini—women who seemed to make having it all look natural and achievable.  Celebrity was becoming an increasingly important part of Bazaar. Mazzola was intrigued by the cult of personality that was developing in the early part of the decade, and he helped pioneer the now commonplace practice of using movie, TV, and pop stars to sell fashion—or, in his case, a fashion magazine—by putting them on the cover. His wife, Michele Morgan Mazzola, was Bazaar’s special projects editor, and oversaw the brokering of arrangements with fashion houses to dress cover stars for shoots and events. And Mazzola himself was an early mover in the tradition of fashion magazine editors squiring actresses and singers to the collections. Visually, Bazaar became more lush. The fashion stories, even ones built around workaday looks, oozed ambition and opulence, and Mazzola worked with master portraitists and image-makers such as David Bailey, Matthew Rolston, Albert Watson, Patrick Demarchelier, and Francesco Scavullo to infuse the magazine with an air of casual refinement. As he had with the introduction of his popular “Over-40 & Fabulous” features in the late ’70s, Mazzola created annual “America’s 10 Most Beautiful Women” portfolios, which featured a mix of notable women of different ages (for instance, Farrah Fawcett, Joan Collins, Lisa Bonet, Cybill Shepherd, and cast members from Dallas, at one time or another, all made the cut). It was Scavullo, however, who perhaps best captured the essence of the 1980s. His rich, luminous portraits of cultural figures like Muhammad Ali, Frank Sinatra, and the sculptor Louise Nevelson brought both glamour and gravitas to Bazaar.  One of Scavullo’s more auspicious discoveries for the magazine was a post–“Lucky Star” Madonna, whom he famously shot in her full Madonna-ness for an accessories story in the November 1984 issue, which came about after he encountered her on another shoot earlier that year. “She was playing the clubs then, and this was for a club story with witchcraft accessories,” Mazzola recalled of Madonna in 2007. Pop stardom back then was beginning to be more all-encompassing, and the rise of MTV helped transform the game into one that was as much optical as aural—something Madonna understood intuitively. The Scavullo shoot came just before the release of Like a Virgin, the album that would launch her into the stratosphere, and for Madonna represented the start of a collaboration with Bazaar that would span more than three decades. (Madonna’s first Bazaar cover appeared four years later, in 1988; her most recent one was in February of this year.)  Another memorable Scavullo session was with Nancy Reagan, when the first lady granted Bazaar the rare opportunity to photograph her at the White House for the September 1986 issue. Rarer still, Reagan changed outfits four times, arriving in an ivory bugle-beaded top and a black velvet skirt by Oscar de la Renta, before putting on an embroidered navy chiffon dress by James Galanos for a portrait in the Blue Room; a black, rose, and blue lamé suit by Adolfo for one in the Green Room; and, for the finale, a red silk gown by Bill Blass in the Red Room. Times were heady all around: Commercially, Bazaar continued to flourish in the ’80s. When Mazzola arrived in 1972, the magazine’s circulation hovered around 415,000; by 1985, it had increased to more than 750,000. And during his tenure, advertising revenue more than quadrupled.  On some level, though, society’s reluctance to give the 1980s its due had less to do with the events than with the hangover, which was punishing. On the heels of the stock market crash of October 19, 1987—or “Black Monday,” as it’s referred to in the history books—the bubble unceremoniously burst. Ronald Reagan was said to be already grappling with the early stages of Alzheimer’s disease, and his administration had become enmeshed in the Iran-Contra affair. Soon, Bazaar’s bright, optimistic outlook, marketable as it was, began to feel like another era. Fashion was changing too, as a group of new models, led by Linda Evangelista, Christy Turlington, Cindy Crawford, and Naomi Campbell, would soon emerge—über models who would rival the celebrity of movie stars. Mazzola retired from Bazaar in 1992. To some, his reworking of the magazine over his 20-year tenure was a radical success; to others, his Bazaar wasn’t radical enough. For his part, Mazzola seemed to take any praise or criticism in stride. “I have always thought that success should not be measured entirely in advertising pages or newsstand circulation; real accomplishment, often, is simply putting out the best product in a finite amount of time,” he wrote in his final editor’s note, which ran in the June 1992 issue. “The job has never been anything less than totally engrossing.” He then signed off with a quote: “In the words of Sir Winston Churchill, ‘Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.’" The year of Mazzola’s retirement was also Bazaar's 125th anniversary, and to commemorate the occasion he edited a collection of images, illustrations, and writing from the archives titled 125 Great Moments of "Harper's Bazaar," produced as a limited-edition box set of unbound pages. Mazzola remained with Hearst, working on special projects and serving as curator of the corporation’s fine-art collection. He died in 2014, at the age of 90, having spent 66 years at the company. This article originally appears in the September 2017 issue of Harper's BAZAAR.
 Where to scour the best online shoe finds.  When it comes to online shopping, we'd all like to think we're connoisseurs. But with new brands, Instagram shops, and e-commerce sites popping up regularly, the many options can be tricky to navigate. Since nobody spends more time combing through the latest new arrivals and covetable footwear than fashion editors, we're rounding up all the best sites to buy chic shoes from online. Consider it your cheat sheet for whenever you need a new pair of boots in your life.  For luxe designer heels, sleek boots, and iconic sneakers, look to Net-A-Porter. Since its launch in 2000, the mega-site has delivered the most-coveted brands and worked with renowned fashion editors in the industry. The site also carries exclusive shoes from a range of top brands that you won't be able to find anywhere else.   Not only does Moda Operandi carry cult-favorite brands, they also focus on emerging designers as well. Along with boasting a wide range of brands, Moda is also the only site that allows you to shop footwear straight from the runway—meaning you can pre-order those Bottega shoes before they sell out.  Tamara Mellon first brought us Jimmy Choo, but her eponymous brand is just as much of any shoe lover's dream. From the perfect knee-high leather and suede boots to Western-inspired styles and stilettos, there's something luxurious for everyone.  Founded by Lisa Bühler, Lisa Says Gah is for discovering those unique shoe finds that everyone else won't have. The site is focused on spotlighting emerging, female-led brands that feel like truly special finds for your closet.  From their iconic Nudist sandals to their timeless over-the-knee boots, Stuart Weitzman knows how to create a classic shoe. Every fashion editor and style obsessor owns a few, and they'll outlast any trend.   For those looking for a wide range of choices, Farfetch carries items from over 700 boutiques. From chunky sneakers to one-of-a-kind marble-printed boots, the pieces are all carefully curated by a team of fashion lovers.  Schutz has been an affordable favorite of the fashion set for quite some time. The Brazilian brand offers a range of on-trend shoe options from clear-heeled sandals to platform boots that won't break the bank—all without sacrificing quality.  If you need some fresh shoe inspo, Stylebop's New Arrivals edit is the place to go. Top brands are juxtaposed against emerging favorites, creating a site that holds the perfect pair for everyone.  When it comes to the latest trends–think leopard print, and platforms soles–Shopbop is at the forefront. They curate the perfect mix of luxury designer shoes alongside more affordable styles that won't break the bank and look just as chic.  Everyone knows Saks Fifth Avenue's Fifth Ave shoe department is on another level—and its website selection is just as good. Shop by designer boutique or trend and pick through a wide variety of brand and style options.  At this point we all know that Mansur crafts up the most covetable leather bags; but the shoes are worth falling in love with too. Fashion editors, influencers, and the street style set are always seen spotted in the latest mules, pumps and boots, which come in a variety of hues and styles on their site.  From crystal embellished mules to easy white trainers, Matches Fashion has it all. The super site features over 450 established designers and a personal luxury shopping experience that'll have you coming back for more.  Founded in 2006, MyTheresa is an online destination that spotlights all that latest in luxury fashion. With over 200 international designers that vary in aesthetics and origins, you'll be sure to fall in love with a million different pairs worth splurging on.  If you envision it, Nordstrom probably has it. With a variety of prices ranging from ultra-affordable to super luxe, Nordie's has become a go-to for the fashion focused since its humble beginnings.  This French site offers up a mix of shoes from all the top runways to more casual finds from sneaker brands like Veja and Adidas. Consider it your chic, Parisian-curated edit. 
 Ahead of the Guggenheim International Gala.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Selah Marley, daughter of Lauryn Hill and Rohan Marley (and granddaughter of Bob Marley), is a rising model and singer. You've likely seen her in fashion spreads, fronting brand's like Beyonce's Ivy Park and the coolest fashion soiree's from New York to Paris.  The pint-size fashion plate invited us along to her Dior fitting as she was set to attend the 2018 Guggenheim International Gala presented by the iconic French brand.  With the entire 57th street boutique at your fingertips, how does one choose the perfect look? We captured Marley as she tried on and played around in Dior's chicest resort looks—a floral-embellished skirt, a feminine mini with pleated skirt, the brand's statement jewels and more.    Finally, she settled on an ecru and burgundy stripe and Toile de Jouy print cotton voile dress from the brand's Cruise 2019 collection, which she had tailored to perfection and paired with their black leather combat boots. "Not only does it remind me of an equestrian; but I feel like a spunky tiger and I love the way the color palette of this look blends with my complexion," she told us about her final outfit choice.  Marley, who just turned 20 earlier this month,d explained that there's no real method to the madness of getting ready for a big event such as Dior's at the Guggenheim. She keeps it simple with makeup unless a makeup artist is booked, and if she has the time she'll play around with hairstyle constructions.  "It’s shameful actually, that I will procrastinate and take my time when I have to get ready for a party. Normally I will set an alarm on when I should start getting ready—because I do enjoy winding down and taking my time before going out, so I stay punctual." The process always involves music though, which isn't so surprising when your family heritage is made up of music legends.  She certainly made it on time to the Guggenheim to mingle with friends and Maria Grazia Chiuri and enjoy the special performance by Jorja Smith last night.  As for music of her own, Marley says we'll just have to wait for what's in the works. 
 The fashion designer is also a business powerhouse. Michael Kors’ parent company announced this week it was acquiring Versace in a multibillion-dollar deal. It’s just the latest big move for Michael Kors himself, who went from college dropout to fashion world multibillionaire. Here’s how he did it.  In 1977, Kors enrolled at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York, but dropped out nine months later when given the opportunity to sell his designs at New York shop Lothar’s. Eventually, after a buyer saw his collections in the shop window, he was able to sell his designs at Bergdorf Goodman, and his career took off from there.  Kors started his namesake collection in 1981, and had his first runway show in 1984. He gained a group of celebrity fans, ranging from Aretha Franklin to Sharon Stone to Courtney Love. Kors looks back at the 1990s as a down point in his career, because of a combination of financial issues and an economic downturn.  "It was a domino effect….And then the next thing you knew, it was all about nose rings and ugly. I mean, it was a trifecta of a nightmare for me,” he told ABC News, adding he learned to be true to himself during this slump. "The customer will appreciate that," he said, "and they will stick through thick or thin with you if you do that."   He ended up filing for bankruptcy protection in 1993, when an Italian company declined to continue producing his lower-priced licensed collection, KORS Michael Kors. "Because of the loss of licensing income," he told The New York Times at the time, "we had no choice but to do this. Quite frankly, it was a combination of many things, including the loss in volume as a lot of stores, especially small boutiques, went out of business. In the last two years, we lost a good 15 to 20 stores nationwide." Kors restructured in 1997 when LVMH invested in his company and he launched a lower-priced line. That same year, he was hired as the designer of LVMH-owned Céline, and became the brand’s creative director the following year. At Céline, he was credited with turning the brand around with well-received ready-to-wear collections and accessories. He stayed until 2004, when he decided to leave to focus on his own brand.  A lot happened very quickly around that time. In 2003, Sportswear Holdings Ltd. bought an 85 percent stake in the company. In 2004, he launched MICHAEL Michael Kors, a diffusion line that performed well during the recession, and expanded into perfume, watches, and handbags, while also opening “lifestyle” stores across the country. He also signed up for Project Runway, where he’d become a mainstream household name beyond the fashion world as a judge. He stayed on the judges’ panel until 2012.  In 2011, Michael Kors Holdings went public. By 2014, Kors became a billionaire after shares of the company went up by 18 percent. Forbes reported he had a $360 million stake of the company, plus more money from the value of the stock he sold over the previous few years. Two people with controlling stakes in his company, Silas Chou and Lawrence Stroll of Sportswear Holdings Ltd., became billionaires before he did thanks to the company’s success.  In 2015, his company raked in more than $4.5 billion in net sales. Even still, the company announced in 2017 they would close up to 125 stores because of low sales. Nevertheless, in 2017, Michael Kors Holdings bought Jimmy Choo in a deal worth $1.2 billion.  Michael Kors Holdings is changing its name to Capri Holdings Ltd. after purchasing Versace for about $2.2 billion. And Bloomberg reports the company has big plans for Versace, like doubling the brand’s sales. It plans to do so by boosting e-commerce, opening new stores, and expanding to markets in Asia. It also plans to sell more shoes and accessories.   “If you look at some of the other Italian luxury brands—which will remain nameless—they are doing in the billions of euros today,” Kors CEO John Idol said on a conference call announcing the acquisition. “So Versace is terribly underdeveloped and that’s really going to change now that they’ll have the resources of Capri behind them.”
 Summer wardrobe come thruuuu.  Sale season is officially upon us which means it's time to do some major work stocking up your summer wardrobe (apologies in advance to your credit card). Kicking off this week's endless MDW sales is Net-A-Porter's massive biannual sale—aka the ideal place to score all of this season's must-have essentials. From matching crop top and skirt sets to beach bags, swimsuits, and the perfect summer dresses, here's what to shop from the blowout sale event starting today.  Lemlem crop top $195 on sale for $136, and skirt, $295 on sale for $206, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Nico Giani tote, $495 on sale for $245, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Ulla Johnson dress, $345 on sale for $142, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Charlotte Olympia sandals, $537 on sale for $327, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Solid + Striped swimsuit, $170 on sale for $85, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Saint Laurent sunglasses, $350 on sale for $210, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Kayu straw tote, $125 on sale for $62, net-a-porter.com. SHOP RIXO London dress, $360 on sale for $180, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Diane von Furstenberg sandals, $200 on sale for $120, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Miguelina top, $285 on sale for $171, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Zimmermann dress, $795 on sale for $477, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Eugenia Kim hat, $345 on sale for $207, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Rosie Assoulin top, $1,295 on sale for $777, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Staud crop top, $165 on sale for $99, and skirt, $215 on sale for $129, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Tory Burch bikini, $230 on sale for $138, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Rejina Pyo bag, $560 on sale for $392, net-a-porter.com. SHOP J. Brand jeans, $230 on sale for $161, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Hunza G swimsuit, $180 on sale for $108, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A.W.A.K.E. clear PVC trench, $885 on sale for $442, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Paper London dress, $595 on sale for $297, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Alexander Wang jacket, $450 on sale for $270, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 Your complete guide to the new angels.  It's that time of year again! Victoria's Secret Fashion Show castings are complete, and while the location has yet to be announced—all the lucky girls are taking to social media to announce their spot on the runway come November. We know we can expect the 14 Angels: Adriana, Alessandra, Candice, Lily, Elsa, Josephine, Sara, Martha, Stella, Lais, Jasmine, Romee and Taylor to claim their rightful spots—except for Behati, who's expecting her second child—below see the returning girls and newcomers to the VS Fashion Show... Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer
 NEED. YOU GUYS. Just when you thought that Primark couldn't get any better after the whole Chip mug, Beauty and the Beast homeware range and Harry Potter christmas accessories lines, they go and NAIL your next must-have for the holiday season. Remember those Minnie the Mouse heels from earlier this year that were REALLY cute but cost about $547.75 from Net-A-Porter? Here they are to jog your memory: Well, now Primark has decided to make all of our Disney-related Christmas dreams come true by releasing their own pair of heels just in time for the party season. And yes, they're just as gold, just as sparkly, and have the same super-cute Minnie ear situation going on at the back. Here they are looking fire:   They do a black pair, too. The best bit about the Primark pair is that they will cost you a measly $18.48. That's like five coffees at Starbucks.  And while this is super exciting, there are still so many questions: When are these beauts out in stores? Is Primark planning on releasing any more colors? Does this mean there is going to be a whole load of Disney-themed party merch you can pick up for Christmas? Need some answers. 
From: Cosmopolitan UK

 Day 13 of Love's Advent calendar is here and it's 🔥🔥🔥 Though this year's Love Advent Calendar has featured less lingerie and more workout sessions, Hailey Baldwin's video for Day 13 combines the best of both worlds.  Hitting the model-favorite workout spot, The Dogpound, Baldwin trains wearing a white lingerie set, pigtails (with white scrunchies, nonetheless), tube socks, and sneakers—as any workout aficionado does.  The workout routine is so relatable, in fact, that you will probably ask yourself, "am I watching Hailey Baldwin workout, or is this lost footage of me at the gym last week?"  Summing up her experience in this year's "Strong is Sexy" themed calendar series, Baldwin said, "I love exercising in lingerie. I mean, who doesn't?" A quote for the history books, indeed.   Watch Baldwin's sexy video in full below: Sign me up for this workout class stat. 
 A look back at the designer's photography for the magazine.  As the fashion world mourns the loss of Karl Lagerfeld, we're taking a look back at his impact on the industry as well as the pages of Harper's BAZAAR. Along with being the most prolific designer of our time, Lagerfeld was a skilled photographer too. The late icon frequently put his photography skills to use, going behind the lens to shoot—as well as star in—editorials for the magazine. From memorable supermodel shoots to the first cover of Kim and Kanye, we're taking a look back at all of Lagerfeld's best photography featured in the magazine over the years. As editor-in-chief Glenda Bailey said, "There will never be another Karl. He will live on in our hearts—and the pages of BAZAAR—forever."  Gisele Bündchen in the June 2007 issue.  Gisele Bündchen in the June 2007 issue.  Courtney Love bares all in Chanel pearls in the September 2007 issue.  The "Upstairs Downstairs" editorial starring Françoise Caçote, Jake Davies, Saskia de Brauw, Joséphine de La Baume, Lily Donaldson, Baptiste Giabiconi, Frédéric Gouby, Amanda Harlech, Sébastien Jondeau, Jane Schmitt, Stella Tennant and Aymeline Valade in the September 2011 issue.  The "Upstairs Downstairs" editorial in the September 2011 issue.  With his beloved cat, Choupette, in the December 2018 issue. Lara Stone in the "Peggy Guggenheim's Venice" editorial for the September 2009 issue.  Lara Stone in the "Peggy Guggenheim's Venice" editorial for the September 2009 issue.  Lara Stone in the "Peggy Guggenheim's Venice" editorial for the September 2009 issue.  Lara Stone in the "Peggy Guggenheim's Venice" editorial for the September 2009 issue.  Carine Roitfeld's portfolio shot by Lagerfeld for the March 2014 issue.  Carine Roitfeld's portfolio shot by Lagerfeld for the March 2014 issue.  Karl Lagerfeld shot Kendall Jenner in couture for her first BAZAAR cover in May 2015 Anja Rubik and Melissa Tammerijn in the "High Society" shoot for the August 2012 issue.  Anja Rubik and Melissa Tammerijn in the "High Society" shoot for the August 2012 issue.  Gigi Hadid in the October 2016 issue.  Gigi Hadid in the October 2016 issue.  Gigi Hadid in the October 2016 issue.  Gigi Hadid in the October 2016 issue.  Karl Lagerfeld and Gigi Hadid in the October 2016 issue.  The "What's Glam Now" shoot in the November 2009 issue.  The "What's Glam Now" shoot in the November 2009 issue.  Jessica Stam and Snejana Onopka in the November 2007 issue.  Jessica Stam in the November 2007 issue.  Snejana Onopka in the November 2007 issue.  Lagerfeld in a custom Fendi mask for BAZAAR's 'Designers' Masked Intentions' shoot in the March 2015 issue.  Lily Rose Depp in the October 2015 issue.  Kim Kardashian and Kanye West photographed by Karl for the September 2016 cover.  Kim Kardashian and Kanye West photographed by Karl for the September 2016 cover.  Arizona Muse, Joan Smalls, and Saskia De Brauw in the March 2012 issue. 
 Kim Jones looked to the future at Dior Men's Fall 2019 show.  We've seen models walk on water, sandy beaches, and even fire-lined paths, but today, Dior brought us a runway with no walking required at all. Giving us a live-action remake of Back to The Future, the fashion house sent models down a moving conveyor belt runway for its Fall 2019 Menswear show in Paris.  The @Dior catwalk... without the walk. #BoFW #pfwm pic.twitter.com/XpRdUyezXj Of course, this eliminated any need for models to actually move in their looks, instead they stood completely still while being whisked down the catwalk. The idea of a conveyor belt runway may seem like something of the future, but the concept was actually a nod to couture salons of the past. On Instagram, the brand revealed its moving runway was thought of as "a couture salon showing of times past but on an operatic scale."  After Dior, I’m no longer walking anywhere. pic.twitter.com/AFN1FpBiS9 The show marked Kim Jones' second as artistic director at Dior Men's. He succeeded Kris Van Assche in the role, who stepped down after 11 years at the brand in 2018. Along with its innovative runway, the collection of leather, knitwear, and suiting brought forth quite a star-studded front row.  From runway legends Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell to A-listers like Miguel, Robert Pattinson, Kid Cudi, Lily Allen, and Pusha T, many stars came out to support Jones' latest collection—and futuristic vision—for Dior Men's. 
 *Considers a side hustle to pay for these babies* From the return of the Dior saddle bag and the Fendi baguette to a classic Hermes and polka dots Loewe, it's a good time to invest in a bag that will instantly update your fall wardrobe game. It may just be all you need to get by... There hasn't been this much saddle bag love since Carrie Bradshaw first slung one over her shoulder. We're loving the modern rendition in patchwork. DIOR Peace & Love patchwork saddle bag, $6,000, available at Dior Boutiques, 1 800 929 Dior SHOP NOW Just a little plaid Fendi baguette for all your fall needs? Sign us up. Fendi bag, $3,980, fendi.com. SHOP NOW We're here for a little logo love on a perfectly shaped bucket bag.  Louis Vuitton Cannes handbag, $2,340, available at select Louis Vuitton stores, 866.vuitton, louisvuitton.com  SHOP NOW Perhaps that title is a little on the nose, but we can't help it if people will swoon when they see this little number on your arm. Gucci bag, $4,600, gucci.com. SHOP NOW So elegant it should almost be displayed on a marble pillar—but we suggest carrying it instead. Hermes “Mosaique au 24” Bag in Monsieur calfskin, $8,150, hermes.com for info. SHOP NOW This little box can hold all of your best secrets. Oscar de la Renta alibi clutch, $8,990, Oscar de la Renta Boutiques, oscardelarenta.com SHOP NOW This charming little pouch is a party all on its own—perfect for jetting off to evening affairs and the chicest club. Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello bag, $2,550, ysl.com. SHOP NOW All of this coolness can only happen with Miuccia Prada and OMA, Rem Koolhaas’ design firm come together. A collector's item that is meant to be carried.  Prada bag, $1350, prada.com for info. SHOP NOW What's round and cozy and perfect for cooler weather? This standout Chanel bag with logo love to spare. CHANEL shearling bag, $5,300, chanel.com for info.  SHOP NOW She's so cute you'll want to wear her during the day, too. Miu Miu Bag $1870, miumiu.com SHOP NOW A little classic, a little textural and very elegant. We'll be wearing this hand-woven clutch with everything from cashmere and denim to gray wool suiting. Bottega Veneta tote, $3,180, bottegaventa.com  SHOP NOW Bring the basket bag trend into fall with this charming bag. We love the idea of a big cable knit sweater paired with this baby. Cesta Collective bag, $375, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW A great print on a classic shape adds up to just the bag to wear when you want to stand out in a crowd—or smile every time you go to pay for your coffee. Loewe bag,  $2890, loewe.com. SHOP NOW We adore this cross-body shape—red leopard only helps seal the deal. Roger Vivier, $4050, rogervivier.com for details. SHOP NOW A graphic cross-body bag that goes with everything and makes a statement without going over the top? Sign us up.  Balmain bag, $1,900, balmain.com. SHOP NOW Michael Kors partnered with David Downton on an artful collab—that would look just as fab on your wall as it does on your arm. Michael Kors x David Downton bag,  $2,450, michaelkors.com SHOP NOW
 The stylish way to stick to one color.  While it’s true that a power suit or the perfect pair of jeans can change your life, occasionally it’s an accessory that makes the biggest impact. Case in point: a colorful watch. A classic timepiece may conjure up images of black bands and silver faces, but fashion’s current love affair with bold prints and dynamic hues has paved the way for a fresh approach. We took inspiration from candy-colored timepieces to create five fresh monochrome moments.  Whether it’s a trench or a traditional swing silhouette, a caramel coat combines function and fashion. Look for styles with oversized sleeves, or belt it to make it a dress. Gold additions, like this braided, yellow gold threaded watch, add a subtle and chic touch. La Mini D de Dior Satine Tressée watch, price upon request; Dior trench coat, $4,100; Dior Rose Des Vents earrings; Belt, stylist's own; Martiniano shoes Available at Dior Boutiques Nationwide, 1 800 929 Dior The Parisians may have perfected the blazer and jean combination, but don’t be afraid to try it in all-white. Stick with a t-shirt to keep it cool, and opt for accents with a similar vibe. A silver steel mesh bracelet with a larger, more masculine mother-of-pearl watch face adds a certain nonchalance that a smaller style might not.  La D de Dior Satine Gold and Steel watch, $10,100; Dior jacket, $3,800; Dior Pants, $1,200; T-shirt and shoes, stylist's own Available at Dior Boutiques Nationwide, 1 800 929 Dior Head-to-toe-black is an all-occasion winner. For an element of surprise, play with pieces you might not normally think to combine. An apron dress becomes brunch-appropriate when paired with a button-up shirt, and looks more casual when worn with a hat. A colorful accessory takes center stage against this backdrop—like a malachite and diamond timepiece with an eight-pointed spinning star.  La Mini D de Dior Rose des vents watch, $5,400; Dior shirt, $1,450; Dior hat, $1,250; Dress and boots, stylist's own Available at Dior Boutiques Nationwide, 1 800 929 Dior Five days a week of office  attire can be draining on even the most fashion-obsessed. Mixing two tones of blush is a breath of fresh air. For a punch, try a neon pink patent leather  wraparound watch that transitions easily to after-work drinks.  La Mini D de Dior Wraparound watch, $4,100; Dior dress, $2,500; Coat, stylist's own Available at Dior Boutiques Nationwide, 1 800 929 Dior Dressing for the evening is easy when you start with an elegant dress in a sophisticated color. Search for styles with intricate details, and accessories in the same hue. In this case, a single sheet of impeccable emerald-green jade (with pink gold and diamonds) makes this watch a statement accessory. La D de Dior watch, price upon request; Dior Bois De Rose earrings; Dress, stylist's own Styling by Tara Lamont-Djite, Art Direction by Rebecca Kimmons; Hair by Lucas Wilson, Makeup by Morgane Martini 
 We're tracking the in-demand model's off-duty style. In the past couple of years, Bella Hadid has gone from Gigi's little sister to a full-fledged model in her own right. Besides walking big-name shows from Versace to Ralph Lauren, she's also flaunting some serious personal style—one that's equal parts sexy and sporty. Catch her in crop tops (with abs like hers, why not?) and track suits to thigh-high slit gowns and mini skirts. Flip through to track the rising model's hot off-duty style. In a black trench coat, sheer wide-leg pants, black boots, and a small handbag. In a black crop top with crystal details, black trousers, a Christian Dior choker, a leopard print handbag with red straps, bedazzled heels, and silver earrings. In a high-neck vintage Dior midi dress, black embossed leather boots by Paige, a mini black bag, hoop earrings, and assorted rings. In a pink Vivienne Westwood shirt and blazer with high-waisted jeans, Prada boots and a New York Yankees baseball cap.  In a white button-up, white tank, white trousers, black combat boots, layered gold necklaces, gold hoops, and brown shades. In a graphic tee dress, leather jacket, black boots, black handbag, and layered necklaces. In a white crop top, navy blue Carhartt button-down, patterned pants, a mini Chanel bag, Mercii's Dusk till Dawn necklace, shades, and Bevza black heeled sandals. In a white tank top, blue jeans, a black belt, clear pointed heels, gold hoops, and gold bracelets. In Zara heeled sandals, a black mini featuring neon flowers, a yellow V-neck t-shirt, and Bagatiba's Mini Gold Hollow Hoops, as she grabs a smoothie in Los Angeles. In an oversized white dress, neon green sunglasses, matching heeled sandals from Rihanna's Fenty clothing line, and a custom necklace from Nigora Tabayer while exiting her car in Brooklyn, New York. In a nude sheer crop top with long sleeves, tonal flared skirt, closed to pumps and metallic leather handle bag at  the Dior Dinner during the 72nd annual Cannes Film Festival.  In a denim jacket and bustier, Dickies Girl carpenter jeans, Louis Vuitton bag, Jennifer Fisher gold hoop earrings, and brown lace-up combat boots while arriving to Gigi Hadid's birthday party in NYC.  Dressed in head-to-toe black–a sleeveless crop top, baggy pants, and boots–Hadid added an unexpected twist with her brown leopard print mini shoulder bag. Her '90s-inspired throwback look was complete with small square sunnies and a claw clip for her hair was attached to the shoulder strap. Bella Hadid attends the Bvlgari - B.ZERO1 XX Anniversary Global Launch Event at Auditorium Parco Della Musica on February 19, 2019 in Rome, Italy. Bella Hadid is seen outside Michael Kors on February 13, 2019 in New York City. On a date with The Weeknd wearing an Ellie Mae blue suit, Ben Taverniti Unravel Project puffer jacket, gold hoop earrings, black Doc Marten boots, and a mini black Prada bag.  In a graphic t-shirt, cropped sweatshirt, Fendi leopard trousers, a nylon Prada purse, and Opening Ceremony chunky sneakers while out in NYC.  On the red carpet of the Bella Hadid x True Religion launch, wearing a denim corset top, True Religion capri jeans, and Christian Louboutin leopard shoes and bucket bag.  In a nude lace-up top, black blazer, chain belt, black jeans, a By Far patent leather bag, Luv Aj hoop earrings, and Nicole Saldana boots for a brunch date with The Weeknd in NYC. In an orange turtleneck sweater dress, Luv Aj hoop earrings, retro shades, black patent leather boots and By Far purse out in NYC. In a black crop top and jacket, low rise ripped jeans, black hiking boots and a camouflage Dior saddle bag out in NYC with The Weeknd. In a Chrome Hearts clear raincoat, Chanel white tank top, light wash ripped jeans, and white sneakers.  In an Emilio Pucci coral ruched dress and matching colored sandals for a night out during Paris Fashion Week.  In a Y/Project organza denim jacket and pant set, an olive green bra top, and a Prada bag.  In a sheer bustier strapless dress, cropped jacket, leopard print purse, tights, black pumps, and layered necklaces while out in Paris.  In a Vivienne Westwood couture gown, ankle-strap pumps, and a Bvlgari clutch and accessories at Bvlgari's dinner party in Milan. Leaving the Tod's Spring 2019 show in Milan wearing a tan coat and shorts from the collection, paired with a white bra top and lace-up boots.  In a cropped white tank top, navy trousers, and navy kitten heel pumps by Senso while out with sister Gigi Hadid in Milan. Wearing high  waisted snakeskin print pants, a Food and Foo crop tank top, and black boots while out in NYC.  In a striped short suit set, Dior saddle bag, and black high top sneakers while out in NYC. 
 Streetwear goes ultra-comfy... You can find them from high fashion powerhouses Balenciaga and Louis Vuitton and OG sneaker brands like Nike, Fila and Reebok. The streetwear revolution has officially taken a turn to the ultra-comfortable and girls like Kendall and Bella are on board. Are you ready for the "Grandpa shoe"? Kendall Jenner took jeans and sneakers to Grandpa levels with some thick white soles and a new spring in her step. Balenciaga Triple S shoes, $850, balenciaga.com. SHOP Hadid is ready for the chunky sneaker—wearing it with everything from Mom jeans to skirt suits for a modern take on "Working Girl" style. Fila “Disruptor II”, $120, barneys.com. SHOP Laura Harrier wore her Vuitton kicks right off the runway, paired with a romantic dress for a lesson in balance. Louis Vuitton LV Archlight sneakers, $1090, louis vuitton.com. SHOP Millie Bobby Brown always looks youthful but makes it "fashion"—a look comprised of a striped dress, tiny shades and cool Vuitton kicks are no exception.  Acne Studios sneakers, $510, ssense.com. SHOP Hailey Baldwin takes the idea totally '90s in a flannel and logo tee. Reebok classic sneakers, $75, reebok.com. SHOP Nike monarch, $65, jcpenney.com. SHOP
 We've been graced with another Nordstrom sale. Here are the must-haves to shop now.  As you prepare your credit cards for an onslaught of Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales, there's only one thing that can get you properly warmed up: Nordstrom's Annual Fall Sale. With most deals up to 40% off (and some for up to 70% off), there are a ton of winter wardrobe staples to stock up on now. Although there are plenty of clothing and accessory must-haves, the real standouts of the sale are the coats and boots.  From this season's trending teddy coats and menswear-inspired outerwear to timeless knee high boots and pops of animal print, these are the coat and boot sales you don't want to miss out on.  Originally $139  The teddy coat has quickly emerged as one of this season's top outerwear trends. Try it out with this under-$100 zip up version that's both cozy and chic.  Originally $249 Or embrace the shearling look on your feet with these cold weather boots that are equal parts cool and comfy.  Originally $189 Every woman needs a classic camel coat in her life and this belted version is about to become your new favorite.  Originally $225 Available in black leather, black suede, or tan suede, these knee-high boots will be your go-to shoes all season long. Wear them with jeans or a midi dress.  Originally $548 Go bold with this statement-making faux fur that'll instantly up your coat game.  Originally $169 If you're late to the white boot trend, these sleek stiletto booties are the perfect way to catch up.  Originally $200  Work a little color into your winter look with a deep red coat.  Originally $199 Slouch boots are reigning as one of the season's hottest must-haves. This suede pair will look cool tucked into jeans or styled with a flowing dress.  Originally $139 A menswear-inspired overcoat makes any look instantly polished this season.  Originally $159 Take the animal print trend head-to-toe with these snake print kitten heel boots.  Originally $228  This brand is a personal fave of Meghan Markle's for good reason—its trenches look way more expensive than their price tags. This hooded style is perfect for the rain.  Originally $118 This '90s-inspired cropped puffer will keep you warm while looking cool.  Originally $150 Just in time for winter weather, stock up on a pair of Hunter boots at 40% off. They'll be your savior through the rain and snow.  Originally $260  Keep warm with this faux fur-trimmed parka that comes in four different colors.  Originally $499 Channel the '70s in this suede trench that's sure to stand out amongst a sea of black coats. 
 A GoFundMe has been started for the 68-year-old supermodel whose Medicare won't cover treatment in Paris.  Legendary supermodel Pat Cleveland has been diagnosed with colon cancer. After walking the runways at Paris Fashion Week last month, the 68-year-old fell ill and was rushed to a hospital in the French capital. Her family is now asking for help with medical expenses via a GoFundMe page.  Cleveland unexpectedly had to undergo emergency surgery in Paris after modeling in Tommy Hilfiger and Zendaya's '70s-themed runway show. According to reports, she's currently in intensive care at the American Hospital in Paris, where she must remain until doctors clear her for travel back to the U.S.  The supermodel doesn't have health insurance and her Medicare won't cover treatment outside of the United States. Cleveland’s husband, Paul Van Ravenstein, set up a GoFundMe page to assist the family's medical expenses.  "This was totally unexpected, but Pat is doing OK, she is staying very strong. She is going to have to undergo chemotherapy after a month, and we are hoping she’ll be home in the US to do that. We have to wait to see what the doctor says about travel for Pat. It’s a shock, how is it possible that this could happen to somebody so healthy?" Van Ravenstein told Page Six. Since the family launched its GoFundMe campaign on March 31, the page has raised $58,000 of its $150,000 goal. Fashion industry insiders including Zac Posen, Kimora Lee Simmons, and Anna Sui are amongst those who have donated to the supermodel's medical expenses.      As one of the first African American models to achieve runway and editorial success in the fashion industry, Cleveland rose to fame in the 1960s and 1970s. During that time, she was photographed by legends from Andy Warhol to Richard Avedon and walked for major fashion houses from Yves Saint Laurent to Valentino and Dior. She was also notably one of the Halstonettes, Halston's go-to model troupe that helped define '70s fashion.  Donate to Pat Cleveland's GoFundMe page here.  
 The countdown to summer is on.   Whether you're jetting off on a spring break getaway or simply counting down the days until summer, swimsuit season is officially upon us. A classic one-piece or bikini never goes out of style, but Summer 2019 is bringing forth a fresh batch of fun swim trends to try. From retro styles like underwire bikini tops and high-waisted bottoms to sexy high-cut suits and beyond, these are the top 5 trends to try this season.  Take it back to the '80s with ultra high-cut swimsuits ranging from sleek one-pieces to cheeky bikinis.  SHOP TROPIC OF C BIKINI NOW Channel your inner Bond girl with this sexy one-piece swimsuit.  Take the look into bikini territory with this neutral high-cut and high-waisted two-piece.  Aerie's best-selling one-piece makes for the perfect way to get the look without breaking the bank.  ASOS Crinkle High-Cut Bikini $46 SHOP NOW Two words: instant bombshell.  Norma Kamali's beloved high-cut suit comes in new colorways this summer—including this pretty seafoam.  The animal print craze isn't slowing down for summer. From leopard to zebra and tiger to snakeskin, there's an animal print swimsuit for every style this season.  This high-waisted snakeprint suit is equal parts sweet and sexy. Shop the matching bottoms here.  Add a little ruffle to the look with this black and white tiger print bikini.  Wear it as a swimsuit or as a bodysuit styled with a pair of denim cutoffs or jeans.  An itsy bitsy python bikini after our own heart.  A chic tiger print one-piece that won't leave any awkward tan-lines.  From sporty styles to high-waisted bikinis, retro swimsuits are back in a big way. But standing out as the throwback style that feels most fresh is the return of underwire bikini tops and one-pieces.  Go bright and bold with color in this two-tone bikini.  Bring a little denim to the beach with this sexy underwire one-piece suit.  This checked suit gives us all the best '90s vibes.   A little nautical, a little retro, and sure to go perfectly with your vacation attire.  Add a little unexpected flair to your swimsuit in the form of a belt or ring and hoop details.  You've likely already seen this suit pop up on your Instagram feed—and for good reason.  It's all in the details with this ring bikini.  Stand out in this off-the-shoulder suit that's complete with a waist-accentuating belt.   A vintage-inspired suit that'll work a new color into your swim wardrobe.  You can never go wrong with a timeless black bikini. The ring details on this one make the classic look stand out a little more.  Sugar and spice and everything nice. Smocked high-waisted bikinis and one-pieces done in feminine prints and styles are about to take over all of our Instagram feeds.   Try the look out with an ultra-sweet, feminine floral print.  The stretch fit makes for a comfortable one-piece you'll be happy to wear all day.   The bow straps take the ultra-girly smocked look to new heights.  Wear this vibrant patterned suit strapless or as a halter.
 Basics don't need to be boring.  Basics are the foundation to every great wardrobe, but using them to their full style potential can be a challenge. Here's how to take three fashionable staples, add a few fabulous extras and create street style-worthy outfits for the holiday season and beyond.  This time of year, a cozy coat is essential. And when paired with sleek booties and a statement bag, it's appropriate for nearly any occasion. UNIQLO Ultra Light Down Jacket, $70, uniqlo.com; UNIQLO Cashmere Crew Neck Sweater, $80, uniqlo.com; Burberry Stretch Cotton-Blend Twill Tapered Stirrup Pants, $650, net-a-porter.com; Off-White c/o Virgil Abloh Velvet-Heel Leather Ankle Booties, $1,205, barneys.com; Swarovski Hollow Pierced Earrings, $129, swarovski.com; Dauphin Collection II Ring, $16,660, maisondauphin.com; Alexander Wang Checkerboard Roxy Mini Bucket Bag, $595, shopbop.com. This classic sweater gets an upgrade, thanks to a velvet blazer and glamorous accessories.  UNIQLO Heattech Turtleneck T-Shirt, $10, uniqlo.com; Kenzo Striped Crepe Track Pants, $345, net-a-porter.com; Barney's New York Velvet Robe Jacket, $895, barneys.com; Gedebe Clicky Clutch, $545, shopbop.com; Lulu Frost Claude Earring, $225, lulufrost.com; Sarara Couture 1960s Weiss Rhinestone Necklace, $225, sararacouture.com; Manolo Blahnik Hangisimu Mules, $895, barneys.com. The season's hottest silhouette is made edgy with a leather jacket, peek-a-boo socks and pussybow blouse. UNIQLO High-Waist Chiffon Pleated Skirt, $30, uniqlo.com; Derek Lam Silk Tieneck Blouse, $1,250, barneys.com; Faith Connexion New York Leather Moto Jacket, $2,150, barneys.com; Alexander Wang Eri Boot, $850, alexanderwang.com; UNIQLO Plaid Socks, $10, uniqlo.com; JW Anderson Pierce Mini Two-Tone Leather Shoulder Bag, $1,480, net-a-porter.com; Givenchy 7078/S Sunglasses, $448, barneys.com. 
 Tracking all the top fashion ads of the season.  From supermodel castings to digital paintings, this season's top fashion campaigns are pulling out all the stops. Now that it's officially time to usher in a new season of fashion, follow along as we track all the best ads for Spring 2018.  Models: Gray Sorrenti and Lameka Fox Photographer: Jordan Barrett Models: Gray Sorrenti and Lameka Fox Photographer: Jordan Barrett Model: Kaia Gerber Photographer: Karl Lagerfeld Model: Kaia Gerber Photographer: Karl Lagerfeld Model: Kaia Gerber Photographer: Karl Lagerfeld Models: Avery Tharp, Jordan Daniels, and Ahn Jae-Hyun Photographer: Olivier Zahm Model, Creative Director, Stylist, and Photographer: Mariacarla Boscono Model, Creative Director, Stylist, and Photographer: Mariacarla Boscono Model: Carolyn Murphy Photographer: Peter Lindbergh Model: Yasmin Wijnaldum Photographer: Thurstan Redding Model: Yasmin Wijnaldum Photographer: Thurstan Redding Models: Kiki Willems and Imaan Hammam joined by a group of real New York women including Lua, Dovanna, Scarlett, Alicia, Roxane, and Zoe. Photographer: Oliver Hadlee Pearch  Photographer: Oliver Hadlee Pearch  Model: Taylor Hill Photographer: Daniel Jackson Model: Taylor Hill Photographer: Daniel Jackson Model: Elizabeth Sulcer Photographer: Ezra Petronio Models: Peyton Knight and Yuka Mannami Photographer: Emma Summerton Model: Flaviana Matata Photographer: Matthew Brookes Model: Emily Ratajkowski Photographer: Boo George Model: Maye Musk Photographer: Boo George Model: Jennifer Fisher Photographer: Liza Voloshin Model: Freja Beha Erichsen Photographer: Patrick Demarchelier Model: Kiki Willems Photographer: Alasdair McLellan Model: Kiki Willems Photographer: Alasdair McLellan Model: Freja Beha Erichsen Photographer: Patrick Demarchelier Model: Freja Beha Erichsen Photographer: Patrick Demarchelier Model: Luca Lemaire Photographer: Willy Vanderperre Enter the competition to photograph JW Anderson's next campaign at jwandersonyourpicture.com.  Model: Ashley Turner Photographer: Ben Rayner Models: Noel Berry and Ashley Turner Photographer: Ben Rayner
 Iris van Herpen lit up the runway at Paris Couture Week.  Paris Couture Week always offers an array of swoon-worthy gowns to lust over. But yesterday, Dutch designer Iris van Herpen lit up the runway with a little more than just artful dresses.  Inspired by celestial maps, astrology, and outer space galaxies, the designer tapped into a futuristic world defined by 3-D printed face jewelry and glow-in-the-dark heels. The latter made for an epic grand finale at the brand's Spring 2019 Haute Couture show.   Standing out as the pièce de résistance of the galactic-infused collection was a sea of  transparent plexiglass heels that lit up in the dark. According to Times reporter Elizabeth Patton, the shoes took a total of four days to create and were infused with two colors of ink, then carved by hand into undulating curves. The end result is a glowing heel reminiscent of the light-up sneakers you begged your parents for as a kid.    Along with the glow-in-the-dark heels, the collection's dresses looked to other cosmic forces as sources of inspiration. A series of voluminous, cloud-esque gowns were inspired by artist Kim Keever, a former NASA engineer whose work merges painting with photography.  Other sculpturally-shaped looks offered a similar effect, featuring 3-D lasercut detailing meant to give the illusion of mythological creatures. During a time when most designers are looking to previous decades for inspiration, van Herpen is looking onward to new galaxies.   
 The shoes that prove it's hip to be square.  Call it the Bottega Effect, but after seasons and seasons of pointed-toe shoes reigning supreme, the square toe is making a triumphant comeback. For his inaugural accessories collection at Bottega Veneta, creative director Daniel Lee debuted a bout of sleek, square-toed mules and mesh pumps that instantly won the fashion crowd over. The collection has since sparked a square toe renaissance—with more and more brands joining in on the trend this season.  From Bottega's square-toe sandals (catch them before they sell out if you can) to the brands offering more affordable iterations of the trend, these are the best square-toe shoes to shop now.  Daniel Lee's new era of Bottega Veneta has not only sparked our new favorite Instagram account, but a crop of It girls convincing us it's hip to be square. From Elsa Hosk to Rosie Huntington-Whitely, fashion insiders can't stop, won't stop wearing the brand's new must-have shoes.   SHOP BOTTEGA VENETA SHOES Bottega's buzzy thong heeled sandals, offering up the perfect square sole, are still available to shop in red and white.  Transition into fall with these two-tone mules that offer up the perfect hint of snake print. Wear them with trousers for work, or jeans for the weekend.  The square look works even better with '90s-inspired minimalism—think clean silhouettes and black and white color palettes.  Topshop's take on the square trend—which comes in several colors—achieves the look for under $100.  The trend isn't just for the 'gram, it also makes for a unexpected update on the 9-to-5 pump. Style square-toe mules with trousers for a chic office look.  Ideal for a fresh new fall color palette, work a little brown into your wardrobe with these heels that will go with everything.  By Far's kitten heeled mules make for a more walking-friendly option—and a fun splash of color.  Amina Muaddi's colorful square-toe mules are a dream for all your night out looks.  SHOP AMINA MUADDI SHOES These leopard embellished heels will take any little black dress to the next level.  Not game for open-toe shoes all season long? The square trend comes in plenty of closed-toe styles, too—from slingback pumps to loafers and even boots.  Meet your new favorite work shoe. Sexy, sophisticated, and an extreme square that's insanely chic.  Try the look in loafer form with these snake-embossed loafers that will shine in your fall wardrobe. 
 100% of profits go to Planned Parenthood.  From a CFDA-helmed fashion week initiative to charitable accessories and apparel, the fashion industry has taken a firm stance in advocating for Planned Parenthood this past year. To celebrate the 100th anniversary of the nonprofit organization, Milly (master of feminist tees) teamed up with artist and filmmaker Laurie Simmons (yes, also Lena Dunham's mom) for a powerful new t-shirt.  Merging both fashion and art, the "100 Years Strong" tee features feminist artwork that Simmons originally created to auction at a Planned Parenthood gala last spring. "The prints sold out in like 50 seconds and we made almost $150,000 so I thought, okay this image has to have another life," Simmons told BAZAAR.com at Milly's launch party last night. The print, which covers the front of the t-shirt (the back reads "100 Years Strong"), is an extension of Simmons' ‘Walking & Lying objects’ series, which uses long and lean doll legs to make a statement on traditional gender roles.  The artist then crossed paths with Michelle Smith, creative director at Milly, who's been a Planned Parenthood supporter for years and the two decided to collaborate on the charitable t-shirt—with 100% of its profits going directly to Planned Parenthood.  "My voice is loudest and most effective through my designs, hopefully I can empower women to feel stronger and put something on a t-shirt that maybe they're afraid to say themselves but when they wear it, they can represent what they support," Smith said, summing up the significance of statement-making t-shirts in our current political climate.  The Laurie Simmons x Milly t-shirt is available now for $75, with 100% of profits benefitting Planned Parenthood, SHOP
  The Official Preppy Handbook author Lisa Birnbach reflects on Celine’s fall collection.  Gawd, I feel awful. I gave away all my knee-length pleated skirts. In the 1980s, I had a collection of them: Armani, Perry Ellis, J.McLaughlin. They were preppy to the max, and they took me to every business meeting, funeral, book party, and luncheon where I was expected. The skirts worked as well with blouses as with turtlenecks. Likewise with blazers or hacking jackets. I wore them with knee-high boots, pumps, and ballet flats. They looked especially good with stacked-heel loafers. If you need help imagining these outfits, please refer to The Official Preppy Handbook, which I co-wrote in 1980. You’ll get the picture. Now these same looks are the backbone of Hedi Slimane’s sophomore collection for Celine, shown in March in Paris. In a black tent in front of Les Invalides, a glass box with flashing lights descended from the ceiling to the beeping and buzzing of electronic music. Out stepped a model wearing a blazer and plaid culottes, a look that could have come from the ’80s but felt utterly modern. It was a far cry from the former Saint Laurent and Dior Homme hitmaker’s signature rock-chick look that he reprised for his Celine debut. It’s hard to believe that one designer can zig and zag this spectacularly—it’s almost as if the woman he’d been designing for finally agreed to marry the nice young man from the great family with the huge house on the water, and now she’s expected to dress. Layering and accessorizing are key to the prep aesthetic and to Slimane’s fall range. Slim-cut jeans are tucked into over-the-knee boots, worn with camel hair capes and Fair Isle sweaters. Voluminous silk scarves are tied girlishly at the side of the neck. Horsey details tell us where our heroine spends her weekend. Aviator sunglasses are ubiquitous. What is happening here? I see cardigans! I see houndstooth! Hedi, you’re killing me. Do you see the suede baseball jacket? I had that. Your perfect navy pleated skirt practically has my name embroidered in the waistband. You sent the models out with simple air-dried hair, just like ours. Mostly straight, a little wavy; nothing studied or forced. Minimal makeup. Nothing too dramatic or sexy. We know. It’s the subtlety of this collection that is so appealing. It lures the people it’s meant to attract. And many of them like to show they have waistlines. Which is to say that it feels like a return to the roots of Céline, the bon chic, bon genre label founded in the 1940s that I lusted after long before Slimane removed the accent. I remember my parents letting me choose a pair of loafers in the Paris shop on vacation: burgundy patent leather with a fabric logo inset on the vamp. Heaven. But not high fashion. When LVMH bought the company in 1996, the intent was to reinvent Céline as one of the luxury conglomerate’s marquee brands. It had a series of star designers, including Michael Kors and Phoebe Philo, who immediately preceded Slimane. For a decade, Philo consistently delivered deconstructed minimalist clothes that women loved. Her handbags had waiting lists that moved slower than that of a top Manhattan kindergarten. And I bet Slimane’s will be even longer. 
 Tell me, Hedi, how did you do it? When we all thought you were studying art history at the École du Louvre, were you instead going rogue and embedding yourself at Deerfield or Andover? Did you call yourself “Eddie” or “the Hedster” and pretend to be a foreign exchange student? Did you smoke Gauloises behind the hockey rink so you wouldn’t get caught?   No more mourning for the Philophiles. Grief has given way to gluttony. That means everything automatically becomes the most wanted item in everyone’s shopping cart. So we’ll all skip lunch for a couple of months—who needs lunch? And, you know, instead of repapering the hall bath, we’ll just…not do it, because I cannot make the same mistake twice.     GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR This article originally appears in the September 2019 print issue of Harper's Bazaar, available on newsstands now.
 Sylvia and Julia Haghjoo take us behind the scenes of the storied French house's show. Art directors and sisters Sylvia and Julia Haghjoo photographed the Chanel Haute Couture Fall 2019 collection for BAZAAR.com today. The show took place in Paris at the Grand Palais, where Karl Lagerfeld staged his collections for many seasons. His successor at Chanel, creative director Virginie Viard, transformed the venue into a cozy yet massive library setting with over 350,000 books inspired by Coco Chanel’s personal library.  Viard's second collection (and debut couture show) for the French fashion house was a more pared down, intimate affair compared to Karl’s exuberant Chanel productions in the past. Her softer touch was evident in the rounded shoulders, chiffon dresses, and fluid pants that paraded down the runway. The collection also made heavy use of sequined embroideries and feather appliqués from the brand's couture ateliers. An array of bright, punchy colors were interspersed throughout, as seen in a fuchsia jacket and minidress as well as an orange skirt suit. Models walked out in ruched halter dresses, elongated floor-length coats, and classic tweed jackets. Sylvia and Julia’s favorite picks were the iconic tweed looks, the acid-colored dresses, and the flat shoes. Sound director Michel Gaubert took charge of the music selection, which was the perfect soundtrack for the serene set. See the below gallery for a behind-the-scenes look from Chanel's latest couture presentation.  
 Meet Farm Rio, your new go-to summer brand.  After months of bundling up underneath turtlenecks and puffer coats, the countdown to our spring and summer wardrobe is finally on. And just in time, Brazilian fashion brand Farm Rio is launching in the U.S.—bringing over a much-welcomed mix of vibrant colors, tropical prints, and breezy styles sure to take over every fashion girl's Instagram feed this season. From rainbow striped co-ords to palm print pants and colorful crochet, the brand's summery designs embody the spirit and essence of Rio de Janeiro—exactly the kind of energy we're all trying to bring into our closets after a long winter.  Despite just making its U.S. debut now, Farm Rio is hardly a newcomer on the fashion scene. The label has been a mainstay in Brazil since its inception in 1997 when Kátia Barros and Marcello Bastos started it out of a marketplace in Rio de Janeiro. Since then, it's become known and loved for its vibrant and colorful designs. The pieces come at an accessible price point too—with most ranging from $50 to $250. For its foray into the states, the Brazilian brand will be available to shop online at Shopbop, Anthropologie, and Farm Rio's site. Next month, its first U.S. flagship store is slated to open on April 25 at 113 Prince Street in SoHo. The New York store will reportedly be followed by locations in Miami and Los Angeles later this year.  But for those itching to get a head-start on their spring/summer (and vacation) wardrobe before everybody else, Farm Rio's latest collection is already available to shop online now. Here's to a colorful summer.   

 Summer isn't over yet  We’re already halfway through summer and if you haven’t already suffered from a few severe bikini-induced meltdowns then you’re either lying or you came into summer very well prepared.  For most of us, choosing the perfect swimsuit comes down to a few simple factors: tan-ability – yes, that super sexy cut-away bikini makes your waist look miniscule, but you might go home looking like a tiger if you lay out in the sun for too long. Then there’s the very sensible notion of support – underwired bikini tops are so early 00s (and not in a good way) so going au naturel is usually the best option, but depending on how active you plan to be on your holiday – a good solid swimsuit can usually go a long way for those sluggish early morning guilt-swims.   And most importantly, it’s about having options. Lots and lots of options. Not only in case you bump into someone wearing the same swimsuit by the pool, but also so that you can change up the vibe on a daily basis - no-one wants to be caught on their Instagram stories wearing the same yellow bikini for the entirety of their 10-day trip. Here we present five of the best new (soon-to-be-cult) swimwear brands for the season. Fantabody A firm favourite of MIA and Dua Lipa, Fantabody is the brainchild of Milan-based fashion photographer Carolina Amoretti. Previous seasons have seen ready-to-wear bodysuits made of super-shiny Italian Lycra and delicately brushed velvet, but for SS17, Amoretti presents her debut collection of swimwear and it’s better than we ever could have imagined. Super-flattering high-leg swimsuits in juicy shades of deep grape and citrus lemon are athletic enough to do lengths in but slinky enough to be worn out of the water with a skirt or jeans.  fantabody.com Hunza G Cult London-based swimwear brand Hunza G has been around since the 80s when Julia Roberts rocked their slinky Lycra dress in Pretty Woman. Today—the brand—which has been revamped by Creative Director Georgiana Huddart—has become the go-to swimwear brand for everyone from Emily Ratajkowski and Rihanna to Adwoa Aboah. With their signature seersucker frabic, insanely flattering cuts and 80s work-out vibes, Hunza G is a no-brainer summer choice (and an instant hit on Instagram). hunzag.com Marieyat  What started as an ultra-modern, all-cotton underwear line designed by Central Saint Martins and Hussein Chalayan alum Marie Yat, is bound to be a game changer in the swimwear industry. Presenting her debut swimwear collection, (which continues to explore simplistic, sensual designs elements like delicate cut-outs and floating suspender straps) Marieyat marries relaxed Italian fabrics with subtle tones of black and stone – they’re not poppy and obviously ‘gram worthy, but they’re timeless and super flattering.   marieyat.com Matteau Swim Designed between Sydney and New York—by stylist Ilona Hamer and sister Peta Heineken—Matteau is a brand that merges timeless designs with simple silhouettes and has already become a staple for everyone including Hailey Baldwin and NY model Coco Baudelle. The sisters’ aim was to simply reduce the swimsuit down to its bare essentials by creating a “calm and assured aesthetic”. Think ultra-low back swimsuits with spaghetti straps in burnt orange and olive green and sports bra tops complimented with the perfect tanga bottoms.  matteau-swim.com Wave & Watermelon Conceived as a rebellion against the idea of perfection that’s so often projected in the swimwear industry, Wave & Watermelon is the Copenhagen-based brand that’s quite literally about to make waves. Founded by Katarina Hentze Grahn (the sister of insta-crush Veneda Budny), Wave & Watermelon blends together badass 90s hip-hop vibes—think slouchy Dickies worn with a Brazilian bikini and nothing else—with minimalist Danish design-inspired sports tops and classic triangle bikinis (in colourways of rich ochre, crisp white and early noughties J-Lo inspired silver).   waveandwatermelon.com 
From: CR Fashion Book

 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 It's the second royal award received by Burberry's former chief creative officer. 
 This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window.  Christopher Bailey's work at Burberry is being recognized by Queen Elizabeth, as the designer is set to receive a CBE for his services to fashion. CBE stands for Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, and recognizes the achievements of people across the United Kingdom. The Queen's New Year's Honors list names 1,148 people, who will all receive awards in 2019. This will mark Bailey's second time receiving recognition from the palace, as he was previously awarded an MBE, or Master of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, back in 2009. 
  Bailey stepped down as Burberry's chief creative officer in March 2018, and his inclusion on the New Year's Honors list commemorates his impactful time at the fashion house.  Having been brought in as Burberry's design director in May 2001, the designer went on to be named as creative director in 2004 and, subsequently, as chief creative officer in November 2009. SUBSCRIBE
 The First Lady wore all-white Michael Kors Collection today. Just last week we said goodbye to Olivia Pope in the series finale of Scandal, and now, all we're left with is First Lady Melania Trump wearing the white hat. Let's all take a moment to reflect on the irony of this situation... And one more just for good measure... Okay, that's enough. Let's unpack this. To welcome French President Emmanuel Macron and First Lady Brigitte Macron to the White House this morning, Melania Trump donned an all-white Michael Kors Collection look: a crisp belted white blazer, a pencil skirt, and a wide-brim white hat.  The whole ensemble practically screamed Olivia Pope, so much so that Scandal's costume designer, Lyn Paolo, even noticed on Twitter.  Is Melania wearing the white hat?? She is certainly wearing Olivia's jacket....I see #Scandal everywhere....#Gladiators Though the First Lady's look was undeniably chic, its symbolism raises a lot of questions. "Wear the white hat," of course, refers to the act of a hero saving the day. It also symbolizes morality. Was Trump trying to say she's here to save democracy? Is she trying to send a signal à la Olivia Pope? Or is she simply just as bummed as the rest of us that Scandal is officially over (the TV version, that is)?  Regardless of what she was trying to convey with her outfit, the First Lady certainly stole the show at The White House this morning—and maybe that in itself was the point of the look. If only white hats could talk... Either way, this is not the Scandal reboot we asked for. Please help, Shonda Rhimes. In the meantime, I'll leave you with this ominous sneak peek at the White House's next horror film:
 A twisty love story, endless flowers, and your dream mansion all in one.  With just one week until the highly-anticipated Erdem x H&M collection drops, a new short film is here to make you fall even more in love with the collaboration.  Directed by Baz Luhrmann, the four-minute video takes place in the dreamiest country mansion where it's "always spring." Much like the collection, the mansion is filled with colorful blossoming flowers. But the floral pieces aren't the only thing evoking romance in the short film; a dramatic love triangle unfolds following a luxe dinner party on the terrace (as one usually does).  “I wanted the film to be like a whole movie. It’s a very modern love story, set in a country house that is full of its own secrets and it’s like a metaphor for our times—it’s harsh out there in the world, but in here, the things that really matter keep growing in an eternal spring,” Luhrmann said in a statement from the brand.  And while the incredibly gorgeous setting along with the mysterious/slightly confusing love story is enchanting to watch, the fact that all of these sparkling, floral-filled, and luxe-looking pieces are going to be shoppable at H&M is the real treat to watch unfold. 
 See the look book for the full Erdem x H&M collection, which hits stores on November 2nd, below:
 Olivier Rousteing announced the news at WWD’s Retail & Apparel CEO Summit.  The Balmain Army is marching into couture. Olivier Rousteing announced plans for the French fashion house to return to the Couture Week calendar this morning at the WWD Retail & Apparel CEO Summit. As WWD reports, Rousteing is "looking to bring back the Parisian DNA" to the Balmain brand with a foray back into the haute couture world. Marking the creative director's first stint as a couturier, Balmain plans to show at Paris Couture Week in January 2019. This will be the fashion house's first couture collection in 16 years. The last was shown in 2002 when Oscar de la Renta was creative director.   Along with couture, Rousteing added that he wanted Balmain to delve into accessories, fragrance, and cosmetics in the future as well. Since his appointment as creative director in 2011, Rousteing has ushered in a new era of Balmain—one complete with A-list celebrities, model squads, and brand collaborations.  Recently, the creative director has experimented with some more affordable partnerships for the fashion house. In 2015, Rousteing spearheaded a Balmain collaboration with H&M which sold out instantly, becoming one of the retailer's most-wanted designer collections. Last year, the brand also collaborated with Victoria's Secret on a capsule collection for the lingerie brand's annual runway show. The collection, which was available to shop online immediately after the show aired on TV, marked the first time Victoria's Secret teamed up with a luxury fashion brand. While much of Rousteing's work has helped Balmain reach a younger audience and become more accessible, it will be interesting to see how he navigates the opposite end of the design spectrum. 
 A look ahead at the upcoming season.  What’s on the horizon for Spring 2018? From statement-making fringe to lavender challenging millennial pink as the next It color, this season’s collections were blossoming with a fresh take on your favorite trends. Take a look ahead at the 11 hottest trends to know for the upcoming season.  Art-infused prints—from comic-inspired faces to Andy Warhol classics and graphic designs—came to life on this season's standout jackets and dresses.  Prada Calvin Klein Versace Junya Watanabe Coach Dior Akris Céline Missoni Groundbreaking? Maybe not entirely, but this season's florals were bigger and bolder than ever—offered in a variety of colors and retro-inspired prints to breathe fresh air into your wardrobe.  Marc Jacobs Marni Balenciaga Dolce & Gabbana Dries Van Noten Saint Laurent Givenchy Prada Erdem Rochas Off-White Simone Rocha From jackets to jeans, skirts, and suiting separates, dark wash denim reigned supreme in every form.  Alexander McQueen Tom Ford Chloé Derek Lam Fendi Versace Matthew Adams Dolan Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini Max Mara
 Karl Lagerfeld, Yves Saint Laurent, Stella McCartney, and more are featured in the exhibit.  Famed French photographer and film director Jean-Marie Perier has worked with some of the world's most powerful brands and iconic musicians of the 20th century. Perier's prominent career has spanned over several decades, from photographing The Beatles and Bob Dylan in the '60s to directing iconic commercials for Coca-Cola and Nestlé. It was in the '90s when Perier returned to his love of fashion photography when Elle magazine granted him the prerogative to produce a series of images called "The World of Fashion Designers." This series went on to inspire his first exhibition, DESIGNERS, which features some of the industry's most influential fashion designers, including Yves Saint-Laurent, Valentino, and Karl Lagerfeld. Click through to get a preview of this compelling image series, and see the exhibition in London at The Little Black Gallery, open to the public from September 14  to October 14, 2017.  DESIGNERS by Jean-Marie Perier is on display at The Little Black Gallery in London from September 14 to October 14, 2017.
 Some heroes DO wear capes... Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez joined female lawmakers in wearing all white to last night's State of the Union address in honor of the work of suffragists. The style direction was at the request of the Democratic Women's Working Group.  Ever the stylish millennial and House member, Ocasio-Cortez  took her look a step further from your everyday white suit or dress to Gwyneth-Paltrow-in-Tom-Ford-at-the-Oscars places, wearing a white cape-jacket hybrid paired with coordinating pants. Adding her signature gold hoops and red lip, she channeled a '90s Sade on a mission to help save us all. Wearing an actual cape doesn't hurt the superhero connotations.  "2019 is the 100th anniversary of the women’s right to vote... There’s so much more that we have to fight for, from wage equality to paycheck fairness to protecting ourselves and believing survivors,"AOC told CNN before President Donald Trump’s address. Shop AOC's white cape jacket for under $100 now at zara.com.  Ocasio-Cortez attended the event with Ana María Archila, the NY-14 resident who confronted Jeff Flake in the elevator ahead of the Kavanaugh vote.  Walking into #SOTU like . . w/ @cpdaction A post shared by  Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (@ocasio2018) on Feb 6, 2019 at 4:57am PST Social media was instantly infatuated with the freshman congresswoman's latest stylish look—with some likening her to Olivia Pope, donning the figurative white hat.  I stan @AOC and this white cape from the It's Handled by Olivia Pope for the Olivia Pope Collection The New York native accessorized her statement-making jacket with impactful pins, including one with a likeness of Jakelin Caal Maquin, the seven-year-old Guatemalan child who died while in ICE custody at the border last year, and another with the famed feminist quote "Well-behaved women rarely make history." Here's to more young women in positions of power not heeding the status quo.  
 Treat yourself to some diamonds without breaking the bank.  BaubleBar has always been a go-to for on-trend costume jewelry that doesn't break the bank. But now, the brand is getting into the fine jewelry game too. Featuring solid 14-karat gold, diamonds, and gemstones, BaubleBar's Fine Jewelry collection, which will be a permanent line within the accessories brand, launches today.    The debut collection features a 38-piece assortment of earrings and rings ranging in price from $55 to $995. Turning over a new leaf, it marks the first time the playful, trendy brand has fully dipped into real diamonds and gold.  "Since launching our gold vermeil collection in 2017, the request for fine jewelry only grew stronger,"  BaubleBar's design director, Danielle Roever, told BAZAAR.com. "Our Fine assortment is very similar to our other offerings from an aesthetic perspective. These styles are meant to fit within our assortment so you can mix/match it with your other BaubleBar jewelry seamlessly. BaubleBar has always been a way to treat yourself to something that makes your heart full and there's nothing more empowering than purchasing a diamond for yourself." So go ahead, treat yourself and shop BaubleBar's Fine Jewelry collection below.  Initial stud earrings made from 14-karat solid gold and diamonds.  A dainty, stackable ring featuring one centered baguette diamond flanked by two round diamonds, all set in solid 14-karat gold.  A row of seven petite diamonds in a solid 14-karat gold setting.  For a more playful earring moment, two bezel set diamonds connected with a delicate solid 14-karat gold chain.  A tiny huggie hoop earring ideal for stacking. It features 11 round diamonds set in solid 14-karat gold.  A stackable solid gold ring featuring a single petite diamond.  Featuring six zigzagged diamonds set in solid 14-karat rose gold, this stud is sold as a single so you can mix, match, or opt for a pair.  A playful circle motif stud earring in solid gold.  A wraparound earring cuff including two round diamonds set in solid 14-karat gold.  BaubleBar's safety pin earrings come in two sizes and the choice of solid gold or diamond encrusted. This style features 37 petite round diamonds.  A sleek ear crawler made of 18 round diamonds set in solid 14-karat white gold.  A caged gold ear cuff that, again, can be worn solo or stacked.  A dainty and elegant take on the classic huggie, this drop earring features three round diamonds set in solid 14-karat gold and is sold as a single so you can mix, match, or opt for a pair.  
 Her second collection with Quay Australia arrives next week. Since last weekend, baby news has been on everyone's minds when it comes to Kylie Jenner. But as the 20-year-old continues to disregard rumors, she now has something else to distract her followers with—her second sunglasses collab with Quay Australia. Jenner's follow-up collection comes three months after her releasing her debut collection with the Australian eyewear brand in June. This next drop features three new designs: a rectangular silhouette, a futuristic aviator and a translucent cat eye. "I’ve been wearing Quay Australia sunglasses for a long time," Jenner said of her first drop. "I’m so excited to create my very own collection and share my love for the brand with my fans." The second Quay x Kylie limited-edition collection drops on October 4th on quayaustralia.com. SHOP Watch Jenner sport the sunnies above, and scroll through the new styles below.
 You'll want to chase Chanel's waterfalls.  1. The Set: Chanel has become synonymous with runway sets of grandeur, and we've come to expect the unexpected. This season was less theatrical than last season's but no less stunning. Karl Lagerfeld clearly got in touch with his outdoorsy side, as this season's backdrop was a towering cliff with several waterfalls and lots of greenery. The models entered and exited the boardwalk runway from caves cut into the cliff.  2. The Clothes: Don't go chasing waterfalls without some Chanel gear. Although this collection was not necessarily made for nature walks, or cliff-climbing—every look was punctuated with gear for the occasion—plastic boots and plastic hats, and some dresses and tweed suits were covered in protective rain ponchos.  3. The Models: Kaia Gerber continued her reign as the 16-year-old queen of Spring 2018, opening the show in a cute mini skirt and coordinating crop top. Victoria Secret Pink ambassador and model-on-the-rise Grace Elizabeth closed the show in a silver evening look. 4. The Beauty: Sam McKnight created ponytails wrapped in perspex, and Tom Pecheux painted an '80s-inspired beauty look with dramatic blue eyeshadow and red lips.    5. The Front Row: Naturally, Gerber's supermodel mom Cindy Crawford was front and center of the Chanel show—along with famed photographer Patrick Demarchelier and many of Chanel's favorite ambassadors like Vanessa Paradis, Caroline de Maigret, and Marie-Ange Casta. 
 A shortcut to chic... From legendary style icons like Brigitte Bardot and Jackie O to modern muses like Lupita Nyong’o and Kate Middleton, the headband has been favored as the must-have accessory by the most stylish of ladies. And we found the perfect one from editor-fave label Lele Sadoughi that instantly transforms any look into a timeless classic. Finished in a black velvet and featuring a knotted detail that adds effortless volume—this is the outfit-maker you’ll be reaching for day in and day out.   Lele Sadoughi headband, $45, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW FEELING LUCKY WHY I LOVE IT: My style veers more towards edgy, playful and bold, but I tend to keep my ensemble somewhat anchored with a classic accessory—and this headband is my current obsession. I wear it on both good and bad hair days, with all my “uptown girl” looks and add it as the finishing touch to my default t-shirt and jean combo. Saranghae foam cleanser, $159, shopbazaar.com, Lele Sadoughi headband, $45, shopbazaar.com, Sophie Buhai earrings, $200, shopbazaar.com, Vilshenko skirt, $710, shopbazaar.com, Danse Lente bag, $380, shopbazaar.com, Dior eyeshadow, $62, shopbazaar.com, Gianvito Rossi pump, $645, shopbazaar.com, Monse top, $1890, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW MODERN BOHO  WHY I LOVE IT: Someone I always turn to for style inspiration is Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy and she made the headband for me. Chic, versatile and timeless, this minimal hair accessory goes with everything without stealing the spotlight. I also love how it frames the face in a really flattering way (and makes my hair look better) without any extra effort on my part. Nili Lotan top, $575, shopbazaar.com, Lele Sadoughi headband, $45, shopbazaar.com, Loewe coat, $4890, shopbazaar.com, Frame denim, $205, shopbazaar.com, Bobbi Brown highlighter, $48, shopbazaar.com, Paola Vilas ring, $450, shopbazaar.com, LOQ mule, $300, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW CASUAL CHIC WHY I LOVE IT: I have more headbands that I can count, but this velvet one from Lele Sadoughi is by far my favorite. It has an incredibly comfortable fit so I don’t need to readjust throughout the day and it adds a feminine touch to my more relaxed uniforms. Saint Laurent cat-eye, $350, shopbazaar.com, Lele Sadoughi headband, $45, shopbazaar.com, The Row shirt, $850, shopbazaar.com, Alexander Wang shorts, $200, shopbazaar.com, Giorgio Armani lipstick, $38, shopbazaar.com, Prada flat, $550, shopbazaar.com, Cult Gaia bag, $210, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW
 The up-and-coming designers to put on your radar now.  New Year, new crop of brands to add to your closet. Whether you're stuck in a style rut or simply looking to add some fresh finds to your wardrobe, there are plenty of up-and-coming designers to put on your radar in 2019. From '80s-inspired designs to unique takes on knitwear and unexpected details, these are the emerging brands to watch (and shop!) this year.  With '80s-ready dresses and bold silhouettes, it's no surprise this Copenhagen-based brand is quickly becoming a favorite amongst the fashion set. Launched by Danish influencers Jeanette Madsen and Thora Valdimars, Rotate only debuted its first collection in Fall 2018, but its playful party dresses have already taken over Instagram. We'll be watching for what this brand has up it's dramatic puff sleeves next.  SHOP ROTATE After a breakout year on the runway, you've likely already heard of Kerby Jean-Raymond's Pyer Moss. The brand captured the attention of those in and out of the fashion industry last September with its stunning New York Fashion Week show that celebrated black culture. Merging activism and important social conversation with a new take on streetwear, Pyer Moss is ushering much-needed perspective into the fashion world—one that celebrates and advocates for black culture in an unapologetic way.  Despite the fact that the brand was founded in 2013, this year will likely be one of tremendous growth and importance for Jean-Raymond, who was just named the winner of 2018's CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund Award.  SHOP PYER MOSS A mashup of menswear meets womenswear, this budding Ukrainian brand is one to watch. From pretty pearl bralettes to must-have trench coats and reimagined suiting, Chakshyn's pieces are a breath of fresh air in a world ruled by Instagram trends. Helmed by Dima Chayun and Anton Yakshyn, the brand offers up a modern, art-inspired take on femininity and masculinity—plus a stunning collection of pearl jewelry and statement tees.  SHOP CHAKSHYN With just one collection under its belt, Bande Noir has already reeled us in. Under the creative direction of former editor and stylist Mayte Allende, the brand brings forth a mix of '80s and '90s silhouettes defined by their delicate detailing. From open-back turtlenecks to sheer puff-sleeved blouses, the play on femininity and unexpected details has us waiting for more from this newbie.  SHOP BANDE NOIR Sequin suiting, feathered trim, crystal-embellished denim: maximalism meets minimalism in this recently-launched UK brand. Already a favorite on the red carpet, 16Arlington is putting the fun back in fashion with playfully glamorous designs. After dressing several attendees (including Jourdan Dunn, Adut Akech, and Edie Campbell) at the 2018 British Fashion Awards, expect to see the label become a new favorite amongst A-listers and the fashion crowd. SHOP 16ARLINGTON Offering both menswear and womenswear, Arjé is breathing new life into the luxury fashion world. A see-now, buy-now brand helmed by husband-and-wife duo Bessie Afnaim Corral and Oliver Corral, the label launches three collections a year, each of which are available to shop two weeks after their debut. With luxe shearling coats, chunky knits, and wardrobe essentials, Arjé is bringing forth a new wave of classics for your closet.  SHOP ARJÉ Chances are you've already scrolled by Tach Clothing's beloved cropped cardigan on your Instagram feed—but that's just the beginning of the small brand's winning pieces. From vintage-inspired blouses to the coolest of jackets, there are several unique gems to add to your wardrobe from this rising brand. Designed and hand-made in Uruguay, Tach is currently an undiscovered secret amongst the fashion set—but not for long.  SHOP TACH CLOTHING  In just one year, this Parisian-based designer's e-shop already sells out every week—and for good reason. With the prettiest handmade blouses and dresses, Aurore Van Milhem brings a new range of delicate and feminine pieces that will feel extra special in any woman's closet. The designer, who frequently models her own creations on Instagram, is one to watch as her social media influence is sure to skyrocket in 2019.  SHOP AURORE VAN MILHEM Based in Brooklyn, Kelsey Randall's custom made-to-order pieces redefine the couture scene for a younger, cooler crowd of consumers. Proving she's got the range, Randall's designs  include romantic babydoll dresses, music festival-ready ensembles (many a Coachella looks waiting to happen), bridal gowns, mermaid-inspired bralettes, and even a rhinestone cowboy hat thrown in for good measure. Though her designs have already been worn on-stage by Lorde, we're betting the Brooklyn designer's bespoke creations will gain more momentum in the next year.  SHOP KELSEY RANDALL  You've most likely already seen, screenshotted, and saved this brand's highly-coveted silk, open back blouse on Instagram. Offering a range of seasonless pieces, Orseund Iris' designs have quickly become a favorite for just about every cool girl looking for some new wardrobe essentials. Expect to see more of the New York brand's must-have blouses and suiting take over in the New Year.  SHOP ORSEUND IRIS If your jaw dropped at this Yara Shahidi Grown-ish Season 2 promo look, meet Kalmanovich: the brand behind those sheer red puff sleeves. With ruffled tulle, sequin embellishments, and party-ready dresses, this newly-launched brand brings the drama (and fun) in a series of evening-ready pieces that will make you want to go out.  SHOP KALMANOVICH Scouted by Net-A-Porter's The Vanguard (a design program that supports a new wave of fashion designers), this emerging brand is guaranteed to become a favorite on the street style scene. Its romantic, floral prairie dresses make for year-round wardrobe MVPs that can be styled an endless amount of ways.  SHOP LES RÊVERIES 
 The duo shares their earliest UGG boot memories while facing the brand's 40th anniversary campaign.  From logomania down to the reboot of Laguna Beach, the early 2000s are staging a comeback—but the era's staple UGG boots have been here all along. In fact, this year marks the 40th anniversary of UGG and to celebrate, the brand tapped some of fashion's coolest faces for a campaign that's making us want to order a new pair again.  Model Adwoa Aboah and designer Heron Preston star in UGG's anniversary campaign together—each bringing their own unique style to the iconic boot. The duo is the first amongst a lineup of new brand ambassadors that will be revealed throughout the month of October. And if you still picture Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie on a Kitson shopping spree when you hear the word 'UGG,' Aboah and Preston are about to change that, ushering in a new wave of the brand.    Along with the campaign, UGG also launched a 40th Anniversary collection, which includes a range of boots and slippers for men and women. The collection, priced from $120 - $295, is now available to shop on both UGG.com and Nordstrom.com. BAZAAR.com spoke with Aboah and Preston ahead of their campaign launch their earliest UGG memories, what's inspiring them in fashion right now, and more. Do you have a memory of the first time you wore UGG?  Adwoa Aboah: Yes, but my sister will kill me! She had the Classic Chestnut pair of UGG boots and I used to steal them from her room before she woke up and wear them out! Heron Preston: I remember I went to the UGG store in Soho with my girlfriend and I bought us matching UGG mini boots, I got the chestnut and I got her the black. I originally only intended to wear them in the house, but they were just so comfortable I couldn’t take them off! So from the house, I started wearing them in the street just to go grab something from the corner store. But then all of a sudden I started wearing them everywhere! I guess you could say it took some baby steps, but now I’m full blown rocking them everywhere I go.   What kind of vision did you want to bring to the UGG brand?  AA: I wanted to reflect my peers and I took inspiration from all of my friends and the girls from my Gurls Talk community, looking at how they express themselves with fashion. I love how everyone mixes different styles now and thought it would be great to mix in looks from the street with the UGG Classic boot.  HP: A new and refreshing look at how and who wear the boots. Offering a bit of edge and culture, new faces in the conversation. There are a bunch of cool kids that wear their boots but no one really gets to hear those stories because they are drowned out by past perceptions of the brand. The vision is to introduce new stories to the brand that feel in line with what I've been up to and who I connect with.  Do you have any styling tricks for wearing UGGs?  AA: With a cocktail dress, of course! [Laughs] Anything goes, they are worn best with a badass attitude and confidence. HP: Honestly, let’s just start with wearing our pants over the boots instead of tucked in. That’s how I’ve always worn them and it took me seeing another guy wearing them like that to make me want a pair. His style was on point. There are some exceptions to this rule, like sweatpants, since they have elastic at the ankles its hard to pull off this code so it’s cool that they kind of sit at the top of the boots but NEVER tuck in!  What’s inspiring you in the fashion world at the moment?  AA: I’m so inspired by the huge diversity in fashion right now, it makes me so happy and hopeful for how our industry will continue to develop in the right direction. I love how brands can have a direct link to the consumer and I think this is one of the major causes for this amazing change.  HP: I’m excited that it feels like we’ve hit a point in the fashion industry where people aren’t so afraid to try new things and take chances and risks. I think the industry is a bit more open-minded for embracing change. Look at the work Rihanna is doing with her lingerie line. Or Virgil—who is a trained architect—but just became head designer at Louis Vuitton. And my friend Tommy Ton is a very well known and respected photographer, but he just designed his first collection. James Jebbia won the Men’s Fashion Designer of the Year award and in his acceptance speech he first started off clarifying to the audience that he’s not a fashion designer! Traditions are being broken and shaken up. There is no longer one lane to follow. People are creating their own lanes. This is very exciting and inspiring for me.     
 The model returned to the runway at Paris Fashion Week.  Cara Delevingne seldom walks fashion shows anymore, but today she made a grand return to the runway at Paris Fashion Week. The model-turned-actress opened and closed Balmain's Spring 2019 show—while lip syncing, no less.  Kicking off the show, Delevingne walked the runway while singing along as Prince's "When Doves Cry" blasted through the venue. She wore a sweeping white jacket with strong shoulder pads, matching high-waisted pants, and a metal futuristic bra top from the 1980s-inspired collection.   @caradelevingne lip-syncing “When Doves Cry” to open @balmain, and designer @olivier_rousteing darting among the models at its close. Video and photo by @matthewschneier A post shared by  New York Times Fashion & Style (@nytimesfashion) on Sep 28, 2018 at 3:44am PDT Making a second appearance, Delevingne also closed out the show as the final look in a white and black outfit. As the Balmain Army stormed the runway for the finale walk, she walked alongside Balmain creative director Olivier Rousteing while a medley of '80s hits played.  Her appearance was a surprise one, as Delevingne has famously put her fashion career on the back burner since pursuing acting and opting to focus more on her mental wellbeing. In the past, she's opened up about the effects modeling had on her depression. In a 2016 essay for TIME, she wrote: Earlier this year, Delevingne also briefly came out of her runway retirement for Christopher Bailey's final show as creative director at Burberry. She wore a colorful rainbow fur coat in the Fall 2018 show that celebrated LGBTQ pride. 
 The designer celebrates her brand's 10-year anniversary in the perfect way.  Victoria Beckham has come a long way since 2008. Back then, the former Spice Girl was just making her first foray into the fashion industry—and she made it with a splash by starring in an instantly iconic ad campaign for Marc Jacobs. Now, ten years later, Beckham is celebrating a decade of her own namesake brand by recreating those famous shopping bag ads.    Ahead of her tenth anniversary show at London Fashion Week, Beckham tapped Juergen Teller (who also photographed her Marc Jacobs campaign) to recreate the ads with her own brand's shopping bags this time. Coming full circle, the new images are a playful nod to her start in fashion.  "When Marc Jacobs featured me coming out of a shopping bag a decade ago it really was just the beginning of my journey into the fashion industry. It was funny and ironic and brilliantly captured by Juergen Teller. And it came out just as I was about to present my debut collection. So what better way of illustrating the story of the past ten years than by revisiting the creative but this time with my own branded bag," Beckham said in a statement from the brand.  Before she recreated the iconic ads, however, she made sure to get Marc Jacobs' approval, "Marc gave me his blessing to recreate the shot and Juergen agreed to collaborate with me again which was just incredible, and him appearing in one of the images was really important to me. The collaboration with him was incredibly special and I wanted to document it," Beckham explained.  For those who can appreciate this throwback piece of truly iconic fashion history,  you can now shop the famous ad in t-shirt form on Victoria Beckham's site. Retailing for $150, the shirt is now available for a limited amount of time.   
 From sketch to celebrity. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Fast fashion may make it seem like clothes just magically appear overnight, but the truth is that it takes hours and hours of work and hundreds of skilled individuals to make just one dress worthy of walking the red carpet. Think couture-level dedication to embroidery, fit, and pattern. While coming up with a design may seem like the hardest part, it doesn't get much easier from there. The process also involves choosing the right fabric, creating the very first sample, communicating with teams around the globe, and weighing the opinions of dozens of people. From the initial sketch to the final red carpet strut, take a look at how a custom dress really gets made.
 The actress talks cowboy boots and prairie dresses for the fall season.  These looks remind me so much of the clothes I wore growing up in the South. I was always dressing in prairie skirts and cowboy boots when I was little. I loved to watch Little House on the Prairie and play cowgirl. My favorite childhood memories are rooted in country music, doing square dances in cowboy boots. I learned to clog- and line-dance before I learned the fox-trot. I’m very influenced by country singers like Loretta Lynn, and, of course, Dolly Parton is my biggest idol. And I loved all the gorgeous long, flowing lace dresses Sissy Spacek wore when she played Loretta Lynn in Coal Miner’s Daughter. Western is such a huge style in Nashville. There was a famous designer named Nudie, and everyone from Johnny Cash to Dolly Parton wore his suits. The clothes have real Western flair. It’s so cool to see the look being recognized now as a global fashion trend. Maybe it’s about returning to a time and place that people find comforting and when everything seemed simpler. But it’s always been a part of my life. I mean, you’re talking to the girl who wore cowboy boots to her own wedding reception. I switched out my gown and heels for a short dress and cowboy boots because they’re comfortable and fun to dance in. I do love the look of a pretty dress or a floor-sweeping skirt with cowboy boots. It’s feminine and a little rugged, which encapsulates my personality.  I remember being in fifth grade and begging my grandmother to buy me a prairie skirt, and when she finally did I wore it every day with white cowboy boots. I’m definitely a dress-or-denim-skirt-and-cowboy-boots sort of girl. Every time I put on a pair, I feel like I’m back home. It’s so funny because my daughter just walked into my room wearing an off-the-shoulder vintage prairie dress—she’s so on trend. Except that she was wearing sneakers, and I was like, “I wish you had some boots on.” I have so many pairs of cowboy boots; I buy them new from Betty Boots when I’m in Nashville. And I buy every single one of my kids cowboy boots, and they wear them until they fall off. I also wear mine until they’re threadbare. They look better when the leather is worn-out, then I resole them. The intricate stitching and detail on Western shirts are so pretty and add a little something, as do tasseled bags and purses. And I love cowboy hats, obviously. They’re beautiful, and they give a prairie dress or skirt that something extra. The best versions are those that aren’t overly embellished. I can wear a cowboy hat with anything—you have to own it. For an easy and chic way to incorporate a bit of Western into your wardrobe, I like the idea of a chambray shirt over a dress. We work a different iteration of the chambray and Western shirt into our Draper James collection [Witherspoon’s fashion label, which she launched in 2015] each season. For us down South, it’s the perfect layering piece because it’s so hot. Our Draper James chambray shirts and jeans are made in Blue Ridge, Georgia, by these wonderful women who have been making blue jeans for 40 years. It’s an honor to be part of that tradition. I think there’s a mood for wanting to celebrate classic Americana right now. The whole Western look is very romantic, and there’s no beating that wearability and durability factor.  This article originally appeared in the September 2017 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, on newsstands now. Fashion Editor: Joanna Hillman; Models: Angela Lindvall and Ryan Burns; Hair: Peter Savic for Number 4 Hair Care; Makeup: Morgane Martini for Dior Beauty; Production: Joey Battaglia for Rosco Production; Set Design: Gille Mills. Special thanks to the Whitehorse Ranch, Landers, California.
 From the office to the weekend.  New season, new wardrobe. As the temperatures continue to rise, give your style a revamp with some fresh summer looks. From bright colors to matching separates and this season's hottest trends, here are some warm-weather-ready outfit ideas to inspire your closet this season.  Fashion's love of the leopard print midi skirt is still going strong. The versatile piece is the perfect starting point to build any outfit around—just add sandals, a tank, and a contrasting print in the form of a bucket hat or mini bag.  Get the look: Stelen skirt, $79, needsupply.com. SHOP NOW Style a crisp white button down shirt over a dress in place of a denim jacket. The look feels fresh and light for summer.  Get the look: Everlane white linen shirt, $58, everlane.com. SHOP NOW  🇬🇭 A Ghanaian Queen 🇬🇭 • • Jumpsuit - @asos (gifted) Bum bag - @asos (gifted) Sandals - @jdwfashion #nerdabouttravel #asoscurve #asseenonme #ASOSxNAT A post shared by  Stephanie Yeboah (@nerdabouttown) on May 10, 2019 at 7:56am PDT A jumpsuit makes for an easy all-in-one summer look that requires no effort. Add bright accessories to really make the look pop.  Get the look: ASOS jumpsuit, asos.com. SHOP NOW Make a crop top and skirt work for the daytime by layering a long, airy cardigan over the look, as demonstrated by Bella Hadid in Cannes.  Get the look: Jacquemus cardigan, $446, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW  Back at the office in a full @chrisellelimcollection look and my new favorite purse 💕 Also these wide leg pant restocked on Bloomingdales and this blazer available on Nordstrom. Direct link in my stories #chrisellesOOTD A post shared by  Chriselle Lim 🌟 임소정 (@chrisellelim) on Apr 23, 2019 at 10:15am PDT A pair of white cropped wide-leg pants looks instantly chic for summer in the office. Add a light linen blazer for work or wear it with a tank top for the weekend.  Get the look: Mara Hoffman white cropped pants, $375, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Embrace color in the form of bright yellow hues that bring on the sunshine themselves.  Get the look: Laneus yellow zebra print shirt, $347, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW  Those were warmer days... A post shared by  Ellie (@slipintostyle) on May 7, 2019 at 3:56am PDT A printed wrap dress is the perfect foundation for an effortless summer look. Change up the look with your accessories—whether switching between sunglasses or summer bags and sandals.  Get the look: Anthropologie polka dot wrap dress, $170, anthropologie.com. SHOP NOW The simple casual summer outfit formula will never steer you wrong.  Get the look: Levi's denim shorts, $69, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW  Blue tint, blue tint || Kickin off my summa wardrobe with @jacquemus mens 📷: @msmelina A post shared by  Shiona Turini (@shionat) on Apr 28, 2019 at 3:14pm PDT DIY your own makeshift suit with a matching crop top, jacket, and pants for a monochromatic moment. Get the look: The Fifth Label lavender pants, $99, crop top, and matching blazer, $119, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP NOW We love a maxi dress, but what's more dramatic than a floor-length cardigan paired with denim shorts? Bad Gal Riri gets the look just right for a night out. Get the look: Jacquemus long cardigan, $412, mytheresa.com. SHOP NOW  Bahamian nights 🌺💃🏻✨ A post shared by  AMINA MUADDI 🧚🏽‍♀️ (@aminamuaddi) on Apr 25, 2019 at 7:39am PDT Embrace the tie dye trend in t-shirt form and style it with a midi skirt for an elevated take on the look. Get the look: Urban Outfitters tie dye t-shirt, $29, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP NOW Whether you're a model off-duty or not, this casual look of a simple tank, wide-leg pants, and sneakers is perfect for the weekend.  Get the look: Orseund Iris crop top, $195, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW  📸 From Yesterday's #ootd Look de ontem 📸 #lookdodia A post shared by  Marta  ( Maravilhosaaaa ) (@thestylethesaurus) on Apr 21, 2019 at 9:56am PDT Get more out of your swimsuit collection by styling your one-piece as a top. Wear it with a flared midi skirt or culottes for that Roman Holiday feel.  Get the look: Solid + Striped swimsuit, $160, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Style a boxy blazer over your crop top and jeans for an updated take on the '80s look. Get the look: Stelen blazer, $119, needsupply.com. SHOP NOW  I’m going going back back to Cali Cali! It’s been fun NYC but also baiiiiiiii ✌🏾💋 📷 @ju_wels A post shared by  Kellie Brown (@itsmekellieb) on Apr 14, 2019 at 6:53am PDT Whether it's raining or you simply need a break from your sandals, swap them for a pair of classic white sneakers. The sporty shoe looks especially good with a midi skirt or dress. Get the look: Veja sneakers, $120, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Yes, the denim skirt is back. Go for a high-waisted and frayed version that will look cool with any of your summer tops.  Get the look: Agolde denim skirt, $128, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW The '80s bike short trend is here to stay for summer. Make it a full athleisure moment à la Emily Ratajkowski by wearing the look with a sports bra and sneakers. Or, for a more dressed up take, wear it with a t-shirt and oversized blazer. No bike required.  Get the look: Free People bike shorts, $30, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW  Another sneak peek from the @SongofStyle collection! This skirt also has a matching top. Also, how good are the buildings in Barcelona? 😍😍 I’ve been eating SO well that I’m going to compile a list of all the amazing restaurants I’ve been to and share on the site! Collection drops May 13 on @revolve! Photo by @grantlegan A post shared by  Aimee Song (@aimeesong) on May 1, 2019 at 9:10pm PDT An easy and instantly chic outfit formula? Your favorite white t-shirt and a satin slip skirt. Add sandals or white sneakers and you're good to go.  Get the look: Topshop slip skirt, $68, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW This summer's filled with an endless choice of ultra feminine maxi dresses that are instant looks in themselves. Add a tiny handheld bag and kitten heeled sandals.  Get the look: Dôen maxi dress, $300, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Trade in your classic suit for a shorter iteration that won't have you sweating to death on your commute. Get the look: Lovers + Friends blazer, $178, and shorts, $128, revolve.com.  SHOP NOW  Sporty spice🌺 A post shared by  Grece Ghanem (@greceghanem) on Apr 1, 2019 at 12:00pm PDT Style a long-sleeve top (or light sweater) with a pair of shorts that hits just at the knee. Top off the look with a white shoe (and anklet if you're feeling extra). Get the look: Mango Bermuda shorts, $60, mango.com. SHOP NOW Usher the Canadian tuxedo into summer by styling it with a white tank or crop top à la Gigi Hadid.  Who locked me out of my Palm Springs mansion? A post shared by  Chrissy Rutherford (@chrissyford) on Apr 16, 2019 at 12:33pm PDT Nothing says summer quite like gingham or cherry prints.  Get the look: LPA cherry print top, $168, revolve.com. SHOP NOW Add one of summer's biggest color trends, vibrant yellow, into your wardrobe in the form of an eye-catching skirt.  Get the look: Faithfull the Brand wrap skirt, $159, revolve.com. SHOP NOW  sometimes an outfit just makes you want to go somewhere... and i say, you listen ✈️☀️ dress from the exclusive art of travel collection at @neimanmarcus ❤ by @hellowithyou #neimanmarcus #ad A post shared by  alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on May 1, 2019 at 2:54pm PDT The best way to fight frizzy hair on a humid day? Tie a bandana around your head for a chic retro look. Get the look: Free People bandana, $28, freepeople.com. SHOP NOW From straw hats to neck scarves, summer bags, and shoes, accessories are the easiest way to make your look feel fresh for a new season. Get the look: Cult Gaia straw hat, $140, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW  namasté. A post shared by  Sandra Rodrigues Pinto (@entre_dois) on May 7, 2019 at 7:18am PDT Throw on a t-shirt, blazer, and skirt—but ditch the blazer as soon as it's time to leave the office for two looks in one.  A denim jumpsuit worn with platform sandals and a basket bag makes for the perfect '70s vibe this season.  Get the look: Alice + Olivia denim jumpsuit, $485, aliceandolivia.com. SHOP NOW You can never go wrong in a white sundress and camel wedges lace-up wedges.  Get the look: Zimmermann espadrille platforms, $495, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW  did somebody say “rodeo drive”?👢👅👀 photo @lindaboese A post shared by  Caroline Daur (@carodaur) on Apr 10, 2019 at 11:35am PDT Who says you have to wear sandals all season long? Add a pair of cowboy boots to denim shorts or a dress for a look that will make Kacey Musgraves say "yee." Get the look: Via Roma 15 cowboy boots, $369, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW
 We caught up with the gorgeous, 69-year-old model and nutritionist to see exactly what she's cooking up.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Model and dietitian Maye Musk is 69 years old—and absolutely stunning. Here, the new face of COVERGIRL reveals exactly what she eats in a day—and you'll definitely want to try her go-to dinner. 
 We're spotlighting the top 5 looks from the season's most standout collections. From Victoria Beckham to Simone Rocha, we're highlighting the top looks from London Fashion Week. 
 Dior, Tom Ford, and Vetements are all on loan. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Supermodel Natalia Vodianova has found great success in the fashion industry with her numerous runway walks and memorable photo shoots, and is also known for her lucrative contract with Calvin Klein. The mother-of-five is also a well-known philanthropist who founded the Naked Heart Foundation in 2004, a Russian-based charity that provides play facilities for underprivileged children with special needs. Given her fashion and philanthropic background, it's no surprise that she is now combining both worlds with help from peer-to-peer fashion rental site Villageluxe.   The e-commerce company recently launched its philanthropic initiative, Charity Closets, and it tapped Vodianova to help kick things off. On loan are 24 fabulous items straight from her closet in Paris, where 100 percent of Vodianova's earnings as a lender will be donated to her Naked Heart Foundation charity. In the spirit of giving, Villageluxe is also donating a portion of its borrower fee to Vodianova's charitable cause. "I'm really passionate about Villageluxe," said Vodianova in a statement. "Together, we can benefit charities around the world by opening our closets and our hearts with Charity Closets. I invite all of you to rent these special pieces, lend your own, lift women up, and save the planet while doing it!"  Below are a few of the standout pieces we wouldn't mind adding to our closet.   On my way ❤️👠 🚘 A post shared by  Natalia Vodianova (@natasupernova) on Jul 1, 2018 at 8:44am PDT Vodianova shared a snapshot to her Instagram of herself in a leopard-print Vetements minidress with long sleeves. This exact dress retails for $990 but can be rented for $125 a week. Consider adding a pair of embossed leather sandals from Christian Louboutin ($1160 retail and $100 rental fee) to complete your outfit.     Beautiful night with friends gathered together by our dearest @v_gergiev 🎼❤️🇷🇺🇫🇷🌸💫 #aboutlastnight Музыка своей мелодией доводит нас до самого края вечности и дает нам возможность в течение нескольких минут постичь ее величие (Т.Карлейль). Екатерининский Дворец, Царское село, Белые Ночи под руководством нашего дорого Валерия Абисаловича Гергиева. #белыеночи #музыкасфер 🎼❤🇷🇺🇫🇷🌸💫 A post shared by  Natalia Vodianova (@natasupernova) on May 26, 2018 at 12:57am PDT  Vodianova also Instagrammed a picture of herself in a blue, silk midi dress from Ulyana Sergeenko that she wore to a Russian gala. The floral-print dress is available for rent at $250 and retails at $5,000. She previously wore a black Tom Ford tuxedo ($5,200 retail and $500 rental) to attend  the Berluti Men's Fall/Winter 2015 show in Paris. Vodianova was spotted arriving at Nice airport during the 2017 Cannes Film Festival carrying a Louis Vuitton x Jeff Koons Palm Springs backpack. The limited edition bag features Leonardo da Vinci's famous Mona Lisa motif and retails for $3,200 but you can borrow it for just $200.  All 24 pieces from Vodianova's Charity Closet donation can be shipped across the United States and can be messengered or picked up in New York City. 
 See the top looks from Milan's best collections.  As we hit the third stop of Fashion Month in Milan, we're tracking all the top Fall 2018 collections as they hit the runways. From Gucci to Prada, Fendi, Versace, and beyond, here's what the Italian fashion houses are delivering for next season. Click through to see the standout runway moments of the week—plus, see the best Fall 2018 looks in London here and New York here. 
 Gift ideas for the most stylish hostess.   From candles to coffee table books and tabletop objects, the chicest gifts to buy for your next housewarming party.  This weekly agenda will keep even the busiest party-goer's schedule in shape.  Mila 2018-2019 agenda, $30, anthropologie.com. SHOP NOW Martinis have never looked more chic than with these bejeweled cocktail picks.  Joanna Buchanan cocktail picks, $51, bloomingdales.com.  SHOP NOW For your friend who always overdoes it at the farmer's market - this copper basket gives them a place to show off all of their fresh finds.  Williams Sonoma produce basket, $60, williamssonoma.com. SHOP NOW Know a host with a serious cellar? This handy system lets them take a single glass from a bottle and then reseal it perfectly without compromising the quality of the wine.  Coravin wine preservation system, $287, amazon.com. SHOP NOW Come prepared for any celebration with this book of toasts.  Graphic Image embossed book of toasts, $95, bergdorfgoodman.com. SHOP NOW This aerator/decanter combo will pour a perfect glass every time and looks just as pretty sitting on your shelf.  Rabbit wine decanter, $100, crateandbarrel.com. SHOP NOW Whether your host is an old friend or a new acquaintance, they're sure to be charmed by an elegant and understated pendant with their zodiac constellation.  Mejuri zodiac necklace, $79, mejuri.com.  SHOP NOW This dramatic, floral fragrance diffuser looks as good as it smells.  Fornasetti diffuser, $495, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Air plants and succulents tucked into these pretty hanging planters will last far longer than the standard hostess bouquet.  CB2 hanging glass planter, $7, cb2.com.  SHOP NOW Fashionistas won't be able to resist this glossy coffee table book.  Fashion Photography: The Story in 180 Pictures by Eugenie Shinkle, $42, amazon.com. SHOP NOW This tiny abstract bowl makes for a beautiful accent piece in any decor scheme.  Michael Aram small thatch bowl, $95, bloomingdales.com SHOP NOW The marble of this minimalist wine cooler keeps a bottle just right for al fresco sipping.   Hayes marble wine cooler, $45, crateandbarrel.com. SHOP NOW Glam up poker night with this reptile-printed playing cards. L'Objet playing cards, $195, saksfifthavenue.com.  SHOP NOW A little abstract, a little playful, this bold blue print is perfect for the host who spends their summers dreaming of the Hamptons.   Twyla "Westhampton II" framed print by Federico Winer, $270, twyla.com. SHOP NOW Dress up your standard cheeseplate offering with this striped stone and wood serving board and spreaders.  Juliska serving board and spreaders, $150, bergdorfgoodman.com.  SHOP NOW This earthy, woodsy scent is the hottest thing going in the fragrance world right now. Le Labo Palo Santo 14 room spray, $115, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW After dinner drinks will feel even more elegant with this copper-studded decanter and rocks glasses.  American Atelier decanter and glasses, $60, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Bring dessert - sans baking - with these decadent truffles.  La Maison du Chocolat truffles, $96, saksfifthavenue.com.  SHOP NOW This trio of conjoined bowls is ideal for pre-dinner nibbles or stocking garnishes at the bar.  Ralph Lauren Home serving bowl trio, $95, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP NOW This box of beautifully wraps bars will delight even the pickiest host.  Claus Porto soap gift box, $75, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP NOW Gleaming copper makes this French press an ideal addition to any caffeine fanatic's kitchen.  Bodum copper coffee press, $50, nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW These classy crystal coasters are nothing like the fussy ones your grandma used to make you use.  Gift Boutique crystal coasters, $80, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Give bookcases a touch of glitz with this serpentine set of bookends.  L'Objet snake bookend set, $850, bergdorfgoodman.com.  SHOP NOW Sleek minimalist serveware will make the salad you brought feel five-star.   Thirstystone serving spoons, $30, nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW Nothing dresses up a table like a bold pop of color - take this brilliant turquoise tray as an example.  Kendra Scott tray, $495, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Maybe we're biased, but no coffee table looks complete without this collection of some of our most beautiful photo spreads.  Harper's BAZAAR Models book, $25, amazon.com.  SHOP NOW Up your hosts bar game with this chic bi-level bar cart.  West Elm bar cart, $399, westelm.com.  SHOP NOW Bring the beats with this retro portable record player.  Crosley Radio Bermuda turntable, $200, amazon.com. SHOP NOW Help your host prep for fashion month with these pretty city guides to the world's fashion capitals.  Luxe City Guide fashion set, $90, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW Traditional or modern, this marble clock is guaranteed to fit any host's decor.  CB2 marble clock, $50, cb2.com.  SHOP NOW
 Whether you want vegan, faux, or the real deal.  If you think about every cool girl depicted on TV and every off-duty supermodel strutting down the street, they always tend to have one thing in common: the best leather jackets resting on their shoulders. With their edgy vibes and timeless allure, leather jackets are the ruling monarchs of the outerwear world. To keep your favorite staple modern, shop the best of the season now. Whether you're into vegan, faux, or the real deal, click through to shop all our favorites. Trust us; they're worth the investment. Because of its simple, classic style, this jacket is a timeless staple that can be worn year after year.  Remaining right on board with late '80s and '90s-inspired dressing comes the fringe jacket. The Spring 2019 catwalks boasted fringe in all its glorious forms; leather coats, dresses and box bags.  All the vegans out there, rejoice. This buttery soption from Jonathan Simkhai cinches the waist and features a balloon sleeve that'll rival every coat in your closet.  The classic trench coat and the staple leather jacket are wardrobe essentials, but Fleur Du Mal's version gives the two timeless outerwear pieces a major twist.  If you're looking to make a serious investment, this is it. The Balenciaga iteration has all the markings of a classic biker jacket with the added brand shoulder shape signature.  For a classic, but affordable biker style in an unexpected creamy hue.  If the biker style isn't your look, this sleek trench is perfect for an elegant take on leather.  As we all know, prints are here to stay, so why not dip your toes into the printed jacket trend? With a leather option like this, wearing all black becomes a bit more interesting.  You've probably seen this puffy leather coat floating around on influencers, editors, and stylists alike. This black version can be styled with anything from a cropped trousers to a gingham skirt.  Add a subtle upgrade to your look with this cognac shade.  This boxy faux leather option is anything but ordinary; it comes in a beautiful dark navy. Open front jackets can double as a standalone outerwear piece or as a layering option. This J Brand jacket is versatile enough to throw on over a dress, and light enough to bundle beneath.  Done in a smooth camel hue, this patent leather jacket is a fresh take on a double-breasted coat.  The bomber jacket is the sporty alternative to a leather biker. You can wear this updated outerwear staple with everything, from worn-in Levi's to a knitted midi dress.  Croc embossed pieces have taken over in the form of block heeled boots and mini crossbody bags. This year, we're embracing the edgy style as outerwear. 
 Your wish list calls for double denim, timeless trenches, and floral fantasies. As an intelligent, fashion literate woman of style, you’ve moved beyond trends. Trends are the enemy of longevity; the death of individuality. Trends, as you have read repeatedly, are over, although you recognize that this may be a question of semantics. Switch the word “trends” for “updates” or “evolution” or “refreshers,” and trends start to seem not only relevant but vital. Also, you cannot help observing that without trends there is no momentum, no moving forward (even if sometimes the shift seems to be back to a previous era). So like a tech junkie hovering over her cell phone on a de-connectivity retreat or a Wall Street wolf prowling the Nasdaq, you find yourself scrolling through hundreds of runway images at the start of each season—just so you can reject them. Obviously.  This is okay. Think of trends as software, what you do with them as coding, and the results as a newly upgraded, high-functioning closet. That makes the process sound important and advanced. Which it is. First, the overview. Lengths are still long, jackets are still oversize, the suit continues to make headway back into the mainstream, and florals will never die. What adds newness, nowness, and freshness are ingenious details, novel styling permutations, and innovative fabrics. Take the suit: At Calvin Klein, chief creative officer Raf Simons sent out a new alternative in matching tones of dark denim, with colorful topstitching (one of fall’s major micro details, and that’s not a contradiction; style is all about small but telling stealth flourishes). The unlikely combination of matching double denim, hailed as the new suiting, is a masterstroke—the missing step in the suit’s rehabilitation in our daily lives. If the double dose is too caffeinated for your taste, at least consider denim in its upgraded, couture-y iteration. At Dior, for instance, Maria Grazia Chiuri has tailored it into the perfect wear-anywhere pants (“jeans” may be the proper term, but it fails to communicate any of Dior’s refinement). Chiuri, Dior’s first-ever female artistic director, has an inestimable advantage over all of her predecessors—she can wear the clothes herself, mixing those low-slung, perfectly calibrated jeans with an ultralightweight rendition of Christian Dior’s classic Bar jacket. “I believe in real life, women mix clothes—a beautiful jacket with jeans. That’s how I dress,” Chiuri says. “It’s practical, but it’s beautiful.” Denim with satin, denim with sequins, khaki with velvet—sometimes it appears that the key to unlocking modern style is in the high-low mix. It’s probably no coincidence, then, that along with denim’s return to the agenda, feathers, seemingly denim’s oppositional force, are also back. Thanks to Miuccia Prada, who sent models out in a halo of ostrich and marabou feathers this season and last, you can now swathe yourself in them from the neck down. For those wanting a smaller dose, a skirt or wrist trim should do the trick.  For something more robust but equally glamorous, shearling (again, thanks to Mrs. Prada) is more glamorous than ever, dunked in vivid Hockney-esque hues and combed, softened, and generally subjected to a dazzling range of treatments. Like the supple patent leathers that Proenza Schouler molded into sleek but subtle reinterpretations of body-con, this fits the unstoppable march of utility luxe, which is good to behold because you know that these pieces combine function, beauty, and longevity. The aforementioned sequins are back too—as seen at Saint Laurent, Givenchy, Osman, Libertine. It might be easier to tag where they didn’t turn up. That’s quite a turnaround for a trend that even a season ago seemed a little blingsome. As a head-to-toe look, sequins are hard to outshine, literally, and are the optimal match for fall’s loose, simple-looking columns and slip-gowns. If you’re wearing a sequined skirt or tunic, the ideal partner is one that provides a knowing contrast, whether it’s a tailored navy blazer, a simple white tee, or a trench. Just add velvet slides (Gianvito Rossi or Ancient Greek Sandals) or chunky platforms (Gabriela Hearst). Speaking of the trench coat, if we’d all bought shares in Aquascutum’s invention back in 1914 we’d now be on a yacht in the Caribbean. Then again, there’s not much scope for trench-wearing in St. Barts, so maybe it’s more fun this way. Trenches are so interesting for 2017, reworked as dresses and gilets and generally so luxurious, you can forget about fur (unless it’s shearling). Céline keeps sending them out, in classic black tuxedo styles as well as oversize versions in fail-safe shades of off-white, soft blue, and army green. Dior showed them too—for resort. Put matter-of-factly, they sound straightforward. But the results are so sensationally chic, effortless, and transformational, you’ll wear yours with everything, including next summer’s dresses. Which is fine, because that’s a look too. Then there’s Tibi’s trench for Resort 2018, though it’s more like a frock–trench coat (a French coat, maybe?). Note the resort part of this equation. Trenches are now a year-round ally. In silk or velvet, they’re also 24-7. “So much of fashion today is about context,” says Valentino's Pierpaolo Piccioli  If this sounds a little too pragmatic, rest assured that there’s plenty of fantasy and whimsy this season. At Alexander McQueen, Sarah Burton distilled all her inspirations from a fact-finding tour of Cornwall, the most remote southwestern tip of England. The resulting collection was one of her most confident and beautiful, filled with whipstitched leather and knits, trailing threads, metallic mesh, and exquisite sheer tulle gowns embroidered with sparkling jet and silver stars. Despite its dream-like detachment from the mainstream, Burton’s show tapped into many of fashion’s latest trends—sorry, preoccupations. I think there’s a lesson for all of us here. Trend awareness is not about being a literalist but about tapping into moods and keeping current—in your own way. Checks? Burton had tweed interwoven with bright twisted yarns and chiffon strips. Victoria Beckham also embraced houndstooth with her slouchy, oversize take on the pantsuit, as did Simons with his pant- and skirt-suiting and plastic-covered coats for Calvin Klein. Then there were Off-White’s cropped checked bombers—the check is not sitting this one out. It’s pulling out all the stops, which is excellent news for those of us who want to break into print without wearing florals. But florals are everywhere, and they’re heady, usually set against vivid dark backgrounds (Alexander McQueen, Isabel Marant, Altuzarra, Michael Kors, and countless others), and sophisticated rather than twee: You can picture a gallerista wearing them. You can even see her stepping away from her habitual monochrome into red, which is becoming a new anchor color. Mixed with pink or burgundy, it’s acquiring a patina of complexity—more of a long smolder than a quick-fire blaze. “So much of fashion today is about context,” says Pierpaolo Piccioli, the creative director of Valentino. “Red has sometimes been seen as a bit too much, maybe too obvious at times. And pink? People see it as too soft. But mix them and something different and interesting happens.” The same could be said of fashion in general and personal style in particular. They don’t need to be radically upended each season. Sometimes the subtlest switch is all it takes to reset. Lisa Armstrong is fashion director of The Telegraph. This article originally appeared in the September 2017 issue of Harper's BAZAAR.
 This is the model's second time designing for the brand.  It's been a year since Gigi Hadid and Stuart Weitzman collaborated on a shoe together, and today the brand has released the supermodel's two new exclusive footwear styles for fall.  The Gigi mules named, "eyelove" and "eyelovemore" are suede pointed-toe flats that incorporate the mystical symbol the "evil eye". The toe boxes are lined with shearling to keep you warm through the colder months, but easily transition back into spring.  “I’ve really been into slides lately and wanted a pair that can take me into fall…no more cold toes! The evil eye is a powerful symbol meant to protect those who wear it from negative energies. It’s emotionally comforting and beautiful and captivating to look at. The bright colors are fun and remind me why we designed these shoes — they represent our commitment to build three additional schools with Pencils of Promise. Look Good, Do Good,” said Hadid who also stars in a campaign video for her collaboration. The 22-year-old supermodel, who has fronted ad campaigns for the shoe brand since 2015, traded in her lace-up ankle boots for mules this summer. She was spotted rocking Stuart Weitzman's Mulearky flats all over town—from her Victoria's Secret fittings to date night with boyfriend Zayn Malik. So it's easy to see why she wanted to design her very own.
 We chat with Mashburn about investing in classics and her perfect collection of vintage denim shorts. In this series for Harper’s Bazaar, I will be “outfit dissecting” women who work behind the scenes in the fashion industry. The women you will meet in these profiles work for some of your favorite brands, and whether they’re designing the pieces you love or answering your DM questions, they are also quietly cultivating trends. I traveled back to Atlanta to interview Elizabeth Mashburn in her home in Buckhead—a place that looks as casually chic and cool as Elizabeth always does. In the early days of the Ann Mashburn store, I would admire how she effortlessly put together classic pieces with a twist. Later, as a store and office intern for Mashburn, I got to see her creative work from start to finish. We chatted about investing in classics (Ann Mashburn is a great place to start—you can’t go wrong with the Icon Shirt), her perfect collection of vintage denim shorts, and Belgian shoes.  Name... Elizabeth Mashburn What do you do all day? Copywriting and general creative things. I write copy about new products that launch online; I create email campaigns to sell those new products; I do things like window decals for stores. Anything that needs to be creative or designed, or made to sound better is what I’m tasked with.  How would you describe what you do to a toddler? I write little stories about pieces of clothing so that you can decide whether or not you want to buy it.   So you did the first logo for Sid Masburn? Yes! It was a font that my dad had on his computer and really liked. I started to see it in other logos; I think there’s a valet parking company in Buckhead that uses the font or a general contractor. We started to feel like it was a little stiff so, probably in 2013, I did it again by hand.  Where do you live and where did you grow up? I live in Atlanta, but I've moved around a ton. My phone number is a Madison, Wisconsin area code. I was born in New York, then we moved out to Connecticut. We were in San Diego for a year, Charlottesville, Virginia for a year. Went back to New York, then we were in Madison. I moved to Atlanta in 2007, when my parents were starting their business. I was in my last year of high school, so I was totally checked out. I was very interested in what they were doing business-wise, but I didn't know anything about Atlanta. I spent my time at my parents' house, school, and the store—that was it.   Since you moved around so much, what place do you identify with most? Kind of nowhere! I love Atlanta, but I do not feel like I am from Atlanta. I think that’s why my family and I are so close; because we all are kind of from nowhere. All the little provincial print shirts, I’m like “that seems like home.” Even though it feels like five different versions of home, we had napkins out of that fabric growing up. Home is wherever my family is!  Do you think one place had a major effect on your style, or is it the combination of all of them? I mean, my parents had the biggest influence on my style. I always wanted to look like them. Actually, I had a brief phase where I didn’t.  What were your outfits during that phase? I wore black. I was still dressing like them, I was just like “my parents don’t look like other parents.” I’ve always dressed exactly the same.   That’s one thing I love about you; you have extremely consistent style. I really value that in people!  Well, you do too! Which I guess is why you value it!   So many people can change so fast. Wear one thing one year and then change the next. I’ve never mentally been able to wrap my head around that!  It’s very wasteful! Every piece of fashion writing in the entire world talks about investing in classics. It doesn't make me feel good to lean into a trend and be really tired of it. I get very tired of seeing everyone wearing the same thing, and I think that’s fine and fun, and it’s great to participate in trends and moments, but when I think about the things that I actually wear, I want to wear the same three sweaters over and over again. I want to wear the same lug sole until I can't anymore.    Tell me the story behind something you’re wearing right now. The shorts belonged to my mom’s brother, who passed away sadly before I was born, but they were his old jeans. She had a bunch of his jeans in her closet, they were super close, a year apart, they were best friends. So, she had all his old Levi’s in her closet and I cut them off into shorts when I was probably 18 or 19. They are the best! She said, “he would have loved to see you wearing those!” I’ve patched the back—they’re very old! My white shorts are his jeans too. Whatever his size was is exactly perfect!  How would you describe your style? A lot of things I wear are well loved and have a lot of wear behind them. There are definitely some old school preppy classic things about the way I like to dress. Matt Lambert has described it as “WASP-Goth” before, which is a studded belt, Levis, and Belgian Shoes. Definitely more in the winter. Goth is a little heavy! I’m going to show you my wedding dress. There is a part of me that really loves things that look like they are made for babies. I love fluttery sleeves. I made the dress with my mom and Lan. We did this little embroidery that I had drawn out. We made shirts in this organdy fabric. What do you buy “too much” of? I’m always looking for anything in a French provincial print. I cannot resist anything that is that kind of print. Mostly because it’s not being made anymore. I also probably should be buying more loafers since I end up wearing those all the time. I can never resist a fluttery top.    If you could be dropped in any time period strictly for the clothes what would you pick? Early 60’s is always really great to me. But also, the movie The Favorite, is so pretty. I was so inspired by it.  What movie had the biggest influence on your style? Virgin Suicides was huge for me and my sisters. I don’t know if anything they wear is literally what I own or wear, but several people said my wedding dress felt very Virgin Suicides. We watched that movie over and over again. Everything about that movie aesthetically I love and identify with, obviously until the end. My sisters and I all shared stuff, but we all have really different style now.  I think there is a connecting style dot between all of y’all still!  I mean, Harriet Mashburn wears velcro Stan Smiths, skinny blue J.Brands, and a different Boyfriend Shirt everyday!   What are 5 songs you always play? 
 It just debuted in Paris two weeks ago. In just three years, Off-White has quickly become regarded as one of the coolest brands out right now. It's no surprise considering creative director Virgil Abloh, formerly the creative director to Kanye West, has his finger on the pulse of everything cool, and ultimately has become the trendsetter himself. He also counts some of the most stylish girls like Kendall Jenner, Hailey Baldwin and twins Simi and Haze Khadra as friends, and a constant source of inspiration.  Just two weeks ago Off-White showed their Fall 2018 collection during Paris Fashion Week, to a star-studded front row and equally star-studded model lineup. While you'll have to wait months to get your hands on the cool Esquestrian-inspired ready-to-wear, starting Monday you can pick up one little piece of the runway. Off-White will officially launch their new sunglasses in partnership with Luxottica on March 20th. In a new campaign, the unisex frames are modeled by SimiHaze, the LA-based twin models/DJs, alongside male model-of-the-moment Alton Mason. The trio is dressed up in Off-White threads of course, hanging around a vintage car, looking as trendy as ever. The seven-piece collection has a little something for everyone—whether you like square frames, oval or maybe you're more partial to a timeless cat-eye, available in pink, black and tortoise. No matter what your style, these frames are sure to up your cool factor regardless of what you pair them with. You can buy a pair on sunglasshut.com, for $179 starting Monday, March 20th.
 The allegations stretch back to 1982.  Photographer Bruce Weber has been accused of sexual misconduct by more male models, according to a report in The Business of Fashion. Over the weekend, the New York Times published a story with allegations from 15 current and former male models. The Times story also included 13 male assistants who accused Mario Testino of unwanted sexual advances.  On Wednesday morning, The Business of Fashion published a report with four more sources going on the record against Weber, and more speaking anonymously. The allegations date back to 1982.  One of those men is D.L. Janney, who described an incident that happened while he was shooting for British Vogue in 1982. During the shoot, Weber asked Janney to strip down to his underwear. He told the model that he wanted to take pictures to send to Calvin Klein (Weber was shooting their campaigns at the time). Weber asked Janney to get completely nude and said the photos wouldn't be published. Janney refused and said that Weber refused to talk to him for the rest of the shoot.  Another man, Christopher Cates, described an incident from 2006. Cates was modeling at Weber's home in Miami when the photographer asked him to go upstairs to another room, away from the rest of the crew. When Weber entered the room, he asked Cates to undress and touched  him inappropriately, according to The Business of Fashion.  In the article, two other men described similar situations, and Jason Boyce, the former model who recently filed suit against Weber, described a "shrug it off" culture around the famous photographer.  "Anytime you’d bring up Bruce it was always like, ‘Oh yeah he’s a little weird, he’s a little creepy, he does these weird breathing exercises,’” Boyce said to The Business of Fashion. “That’s as far as anyone would talk about it. No one would ever fully-fledged say he assaulted me. It was always like a shrug it off, ‘Oh well, let’s not make this a big deal,’ as men do, ‘Let’s not make this a big deal.’”  Boyce's attorney, Lisa Bloom, said that since they filed suit, many more male models have come to her with similar allegations against Weber. When The Business of Fashion reached out to Weber for comment, his representative said he stands by the statement he gave to the Times: “I'm completely shocked and saddened by the outrageous claims being made against me, which I absolutely deny. I have used common breathing exercises and professionally photographed thousands of nude models over my career, but never touched anyone inappropriately. Given my life’s work, these twisted and untrue allegations are truly disheartening. I've been taking pictures for over 40 years and have the utmost respect for everyone I've ever photographed. I would never, ever, try to hurt anyone or prevent someone from succeeding — it’s just not in my character.” 
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Tyler Joe captures the chicest looks outside the shows. Tiffany Hsu Bazaar's Amanda Alagem Helena Bordon in Dolce & Gabbana Chiara Totoire Tami Williams Hannah Fergusson Maria Borges
 Say bonjour to Les Reveries, the ready-to-wear brand on the top of our wish list... As a digital editor I more often than not see clothing and accessories for the first time on a screen and then try to see pieces in person to determine if the quality, tailoring and overall desirability is there. Les Reveries, a brand founded by the pretty and petite designing sister pair Ai Ly and Wayne Lee, was the rare exception that stopped me in my tracks (in real life) when I saw one of their backless silk gowns on a chic public relations director. Their dresses are part '90s slip dress, part floral la bohème for a cool girl approach to feminine style. Those gowns are offset with mini dresses with subtle ruffle detail, camis and layering pieces like fitted turtlnecks, t-shirts with French phrases and hoodies. Net-a-Porter has recently solidified its efforts to work with up-and-coming brands and talent with The Vanguard program. Each season, up to four designers will be offered a comprehensive mentorship with training and guidance from the e-commerce giant's global team. This season Les Reveries is in that rarefied pack, along with Ruh, Gu_de, and Martinez. We got even more up close and person with the duo to get to the heart of their inspiration and the girls that have them dreaming up their second collection.  What is it like to work with your sister?  Wayne: Interestingly because we are sisters we find it easy to agree and also to disagree. We’ve always had similar tastes in music and clothes but what makes working together so much more effective is when we disagree and bring in other interests of ours into the design process. Les Rêveries maxi dress, $690, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Les Rêveries mini dress, $520, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Les Rêveries maxi dress, $630, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Les Rêveries turtleneck, $195, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Les Rêveries hoodie, $345, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Les Rêveries slip dress, $645, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Les Rêveries midi dress, $575, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Les Rêveries cami, $275, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW How do you delineate your roles?  Ai: Since it’s just the two us now we have our hands in everything. Why did you want to launch Les Reveries?  Wayne: We found ourselves not being able to find the perfect going-out dress so we decided to make it. What is your design process? Ai: Our design process is pretty organic. Its erratic and it comes in waves and usually we have to have a notebook with us all times to jot down spurts of ideas during our commute or while strolling around the city running errands. What did you feel was missing in the market and it made you want to launch? Ai: We wanted to make a dress line which is feminine, elegant, effortless and affordable. What are both your backgrounds? Wayne: We both have worked in the fashion industry for many years with design backgrounds. How would you describe your aesthetic? Wayne: Feminine, playful, modern and whimsical. Are there any particular women who inspire you? Wayne: Coco Chanel and Anais Nin Ai: Louise Bourgeois and Charlotte Rampling Any places that inspire you? Ai: The country side and seaside, flower gardens, libraries, museums and music festivals.
 Same.  With its over-the-top runway shows, iconic quilted logo bags, and 108-year brand history, we've always known Chanel was one of the top luxury fashion houses in the world. But yesterday, for the first time ever, the brand released its annual earning report to the public, revealing it garnered a cool $9.62 billion in sales last year.  At nearly $10 billion in sales from 2017 alone, Chanel surpasses many of its rival luxury fashion houses like Gucci, which earned $7.1 billion in 2017. Though LVMH doesn't reveal the individual earnings of each of its luxury brands, it's estimated that Louis Vuitton brings in somewhere between $9.28 billion and $11.6 billion annually.  The report revealed Chanel's sales for 2017 were up 11% from the previous year. It also detailed that the fashion house spent a whopping $1.46 billion last year on its extravagant runway shows and international custom events alone (which is no surprise when you think of all its over-the-top runway moments—ahem the actual cruise ship it put on the runway pictured above).  While the brand's decision to release its earnings for the first time ever could indicate it was perhaps interested in selling, Philippe Blondiaux, Chanel's chief financial officer, disputed that rumor.  And that concludes today's lesson in How To Hit 'Em With The Receipts 101.   
 This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. California is officially becoming the first state to ban the sale and manufacture of new fur products.  On Saturday, Governor Gavin Newsom signed two new animal rights bills into law. In addition to the history-making fur-banning bill, Newsom also signed off on a bill that makes California the third state to bar most animals from performing in circuses.  Under the state's new fur law, residents will be barred from selling or making clothing, shoes, or handbags with fur beginning in 2023. California previously passed laws outlawing fur trapping and two major cities in the state, Los Angeles and San Francisco, had already banned fur sales.   "California is a leader when it comes to animal welfare, and today that leadership includes banning the sale of fur,” Newsom said in a statement. "But we are doing more than that. We are making a statement to the world that beautiful wild animals like bears and tigers have no place on trapeze wires or jumping through flames." The new bills have also earned praise from animal rights groups and activists.  Kitty Block, CEO and president of the Humane Society of the United States said in a statement:  There are some exceptions to California's fur ban, which doesn't apply to any used products (meaning thrifting fur will still be legal in the state) or to clothing used for religious or tribal purposes. The ban also "excludes the sale of leather, dog and cat fur, cowhides, deer, sheep and goat skin, and anything preserved through taxidermy," according to the Associated Press.  Still, the law could have a  significant impact on the fur industry, which brought in $1.5 billion in U.S. retail sales in 2014, according to the Fur Information Council's most recent data. Violating the law will be punishable with a fine of up to $1,000 in California. 
 The look is from Virgil Abloh's 'Queen' collection.  Just days after the French Open's sexist ban of Serena William's life-saving body compression catsuit, the tennis star made a triumphant return to the US Open in another head-turning look: a one-shouldered tutu dress designed by Virgil Abloh.  The incredible ballerina-inspired dress is part of Virgil Abloh's Off-White x Nike collection inspired by Serena and aptly called "QUEEN." Topping it off, she wore a pair of sparkling silver sneakers that are also part of the collection, which will be available to shop online soon.    Along with serving this major LEWK on the court, Serena also served up a winning game in her match against Magda Linette. It was her first US Open match since giving birth to daughter Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr., who turns one this week. Following a difficult pregnancy and life-threatening birthing complications, the athlete's quick return to the sport is nothing short of amazing.  Serena's Off-White x Nike tutu dress is just one of several pieces included in Virgil Abloh's limited-edition "QUEEN" collection. Inspired by the iconic tennis star, the range of pieces includes tutu tennis dresses, a sleek bomber jacket, and several sneaker styles.  "With Serena, we have one of our generation's most powerful, inspiring athletes as the muse," Abloh said in a statement from the brand, "I was trying to embody her spirit and bring something compelling and fresh to tennis." On Instagram, the Off-White founder and artistic director at Louis Vuitton Men's shared his excitement over the US Open look writing, "willing to design dresses for her for life."  willing to design dresses for her for life. A post shared by @ virgilabloh on Aug 27, 2018 at 7:05pm PDT Let's just hope no tennis officials have the nerve to say anything about Serena's latest outfit on the court. 
 And shop the looks, of course... This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Working in the fashion industry is not all glitz and glamour—but you do tend to build up quite a wardrobe. BAZAAR.com Fashion Director Kerry Pieri approaches building her closet strategically—with a mix of investment pieces, and more approachable statement items. Think red vinyl Topshop pants versus a warm wool Balenciaga coat. Here, she takes us through her winter wardrobe. We go through a range of denim, from vintage inspired light washes to wide-leg and cropped—and find out what you need in your closet now. Next up is tops, followed by dresses, and, finally outerwear. See which coats make the cut and shop similar pieces below. 
 The fashion to scoop up before summer ends.  It may seem like Summer 2019 is quickly coming to an end, but we've still got a whole month to take advantage of (and wear plenty more heat wave lewks for). Although we've technically already started planning our fall shopping strategy, there are still some mid-summer must-haves worth buying for August. From new designer collaborations to the items you can transition into fall, here are 9 purchases to keep your Hot Girl Summer alive.  Just in time to give your August wardrobe a quick refresh, two rising accessory brands—Petit Kouraj and SVNR—collaborated on the netted bag of your dreams. Wear it to the beach or to accessorize your everyday look (it surprisingly holds a lot, too).  In case you missed the memo, pistachio green is the new millennial pink. Try the look in swimsuit form with this high-waisted number by Faithfull the Brand.  If you haven't yet embraced the bike short trend, now's the time. You'll live in these for the rest of summer—just pair them with an oversized button down shirt, blazer, or a sports bra for a workout look.  Anklets are officially back and to celebrate, Tamara Mellon and Mejuri collaborated on a capsule collection for summer. Wear the 14K gold pieces with all your sandals, sneakers, or to the beach.  Shirred mini dresses took over in a big way this season—from models off-duty to your favorite Instagram influencers. Opt for a sleeved version of the style that you can wear with sandals now and then with cowboy boots come September and October.  Take advantage of all of summer's biggest sales and scoop up some of the season's best sandals for half off. These white leather toe-ring slides are guaranteed to be your go-to for the rest of your casual summer days.  Great news for your grandma: her trusty sunglasses chain is cool again. Try the trend with Staud's chunky tortoise style that'll make your sunglasses stand out.  There's a reason A-listers can't stop wearing this Jacquemus top: it looks insanely chic whether worn over a swimsuit or with a pair of jeans. Take advantage while the buzzy top is on sale and wear it from now through fall.  Blair Waldorf is coming back and she's bringing her headbands with her. Get a head-start on the revival trend with Lele Sadoughi's subtle tie-dye style that will brighten up your looks through fall.
 Kathleen Frey and Sonne Bajwa won the Marketing Plan award at the second annual Infor/FIT Fashion Design ICONS Awards. It's a long journey from the runway to the red carpet to reality. And often, the one thing that turns a designer into a breakout star is forceful marketing. Earlier this month, Kathleen Frey and Sonne Bajwa—two international trade and marketing students at New York’s Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT)—were recognized for their innovative strategies as the 2017 Marketing Plan winners at the second annual Infor/FIT Fashion Design ICONS Awards.  Infor, the leading provider of cloud applications for fashion and retail, teamed up with FIT and Hearst Magazines for the awards—a two-part competition that explores the collaboration between designers and business teams. The winning gown design, which was envisioned by Brandon Johnson, will be worn by fashion influencer and founder of Friend of a Friend Olivia Perez at the Harper’s BAZAAR ICONS event during New York Fashion Week in September.  Four fashion industry experts served as judges: fashion consultant Marigay McKee, jewelry designer Temple St. Clair, Macy’s fashion director Durand Guion, and Infor’s chief creative officer Marc Scibelli.   After Johnson won the Fashion Design award with a piece inspired by his mother's pearls, Frey and Bajwa accepted the challenge for the business award, which came with the herculean task of marketing the dress via e-commerce and at 50 Macy’s stores. The goal was lofty: Sell 1,000 dresses in three months.    And while it may sound like an intimidating target, the kind of technology available today (such as Infor’s CX Suite) enabled Bajwa and Frey to get creative. So they put together a cohesive multi-platform plan, which was evaluated with a several important points in mind: strategy, research quality, persuasiveness, presentation, and feasibility.   “We crafted a marketing plan with a firm foundation in Brandon’s versatile design aesthetic, capitalizing on Olivia’s influence and her followers, and using Macy’s strategy as a compass to keep everything in line. The overarching theme is to make the product engaging—be it through a seamless purchasing experience, in-store features, or even through store associates.” Bajwa said.    Another point they considered: their mercurial demographic.   “We did a lot of research on the psychographics of millennials and what they value in retailers,” Frey said. “We found that while they are more price sensitive than brand loyal, they value engagement above all else. With that in mind, we wanted to take Macy’s omni-channel approach one step further. Technology is an integral part of our business plan because we’re hoping to engage with our consumers across all platforms: the website, the app, Instagram shopping. It allows us to study our consumers and understand them a little bit more.” In other words, it takes a smarter seller to attract a smart shopper.
 Virginie Ward, Chanel's creative studio director, stepped out in his place.  Karl Lagerfeld did not take the final bow at the Chanel Haute Couture Spring 2019 shows in Paris today, WWD reports. Instead, his right-hand, Virginie Viard, stepped out at the end of the show to greet the audience.  In a statement to WWD, Chanel explained that Lagerfeld "was feeling tired" and "asked Virginie Viard, director of the creative studio of the house, to represent him and greet the guests alongside the bride."  For her bow, Viard was accompanied by model Vittoria Ceretti dressed in the final look—an embellished cut-out bathing suit and a matching swim cap with a cascading veil.  "Virginie Viard as creative studio director and Eric Pfrunder as Chanel’s director of image continue to work with him and follow through with the brand’s collections and image campaigns," the French fashion house added in the statement. After the first showing at 10 a.m. local time, an announcer said Lagerfeld would appear for the second presentation at noon. After he missed the second show, the announcer said, "We wish Mr. Lagerfeld to recover quickly," without providing further details, WWD reports. 
  Viard has worked for 30 years by Lagerfeld's side. "I coordinate the teams, liaise with suppliers and choose fabrics," she told The Telegraph of her current role. Then, of course, I do fittings with Karl. As soon as I receive his sketches, the process begins. I try to please him, but I like to surprise him too."  She and Lagerfeld have a close friendship, Viard added to the British outlet. They "speak all the time" and "see each other every other day;" he even sends her sketches via phone.  The Grand Palais was transformed once again into a fantastical setting for Chanel's latest couture offering. This time, the iconic French venue was reimagined as a Mediterranean villa, AKA Villa Chanel, complete with palm trees, and outdoor garden setting, and a pool.   
 I will be taking personal time off to recover from this performance. Anyone who's ever seen Billy Porter step out in clothing knows that the actor is all about theatrics. After seeing his fuchsia-lined cape at the Golden Globes, his Christian Siriano tuxedo gown at the Oscars, his political "uterus dress" at the Tony Awards, and the Egyptian-inspired masterpiece by The Blonds he wore to the Met Gala, we're well aware that when Porter arrives, expect a damn show.  The Pose star's latest fashionable appearance literally was, in fact, a show. Tipping a hat to his Broadway roots, the Tony winner performed at The Blonds' Spring 2020 runway extravaganza last night, which was a collaboration with the new stage adaptation of Moulin Rouge!. Aptly, Porter sang the musical's iconic "Lady Marmalade" with members of the cast to close the program. (Of course he hit all of Christina Aguilera's high notes. Is that even a question?)   The “Lady Marmalade” moment from tonight’s @TheBlondsNY finale at @MoulinRougeBway, with Billy Porter and cast members — impossible to not get your gitchi gitchi ya ya da da on while watching this ... #NYFW pic.twitter.com/X3JVJJCNUA  We're DONE with fashion month after witnessing @parishilton riding an Eiffel Tower and @theebillyporter belting "Lady Marmalade" last night! Who else could offer such theatrics besides @theblondsny , the famed designers behind some of music's biggest stars. For SS20, they joined forces with @moulinrougebway and put on the most epic celebration of fashion, music, and theater. There were voguers, incredible sets, new songs added to the mix, and dozens of models rocking glitzy creations inspired by @bazluhrmann 's original film. TBH there's too much to recap here, so we made our first IGTV video and highly recommend you to watch all of it lol. Kudos to the amazing cast and production team for making a Monday night feel like a weekend we never want to end. • #theblonds #moulinrouge #moulinrougebroadway #theater #music #musical #parishilton #eiffeltower #bazlurhmann #setdesign #costume #sparkle #bling #crystal #wiwt #ootd #runway #fashionshow #nyfw #billyporter #vogueing #dance #nyc #bodysuit #bodycon #diamonds #beauty #freedom #truth #love A post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Sep 9, 2019 at 9:52pm PDT  He also performed his own self-empowerment dance anthem, "Love Yourself."   @theblondsny #ss20 at @moulinrougebway @phillipeblond @davidblond  Set by @derekmclane  #theblonds #nyfw #philippeleblond #billyporter #davidblond #moulinrougebroadway #moulinrouge #derekmclane #fashion #runway #nyc #fashionweek #broadway A post shared by  Eila Mell (@eilamell) on Sep 9, 2019 at 9:10pm PDT The event took place right in the Al Hirschfeld Theater, Moulin Rouge!'s current post and the former home of Kinky Boots, the production that earned Porter his Lead Actor Tony Award in 2013. "It’s all so full circle and fabulous," Porter later reflected on Instagram.  The Blonds' latest offering was full of corsets, bustiers, and rich, red and black lace—as if they were pulled straight out of Baz Luhrmann's universe. Porter wore a standout white ensemble—which he described as "biker bride"—consisting of a crystal-covered catsuit, matching boots, a floor-length coat, and a towering headpiece.  Porter's wasn't the only celebrity to cameo at The Blonds' show last night. Paris Hilton also had a full showgirl moment onstage, arriving on an Eiffel Tower prop in a shimmery silver ensemble with a group of male dancers.   This is how you make an entrance...✨👸🏼🗼✨ A post shared by  Paris Hilton (@parishilton) on Sep 9, 2019 at 11:40pm PDT We'll next see Porter at the Emmy Awards (he's nominated for Lead Actor) on Sunday, September 22. Whether or not he leaves with a trophy, he's slated to win the red carpet no matter what. 
 The Fashion Spot's seasonal diversity report takes a closer look at the show castings.  The numbers are in and unsurprisingly, New York Fashion Week still has a long way to go when it comes to diversity.  With its seasonal runway report, The Fashion Spot assessed 82 major shows during New York Fashion Week's Fall 2018 collections for representation amongst race, size, and age. While racial diversity saw a slight improvement and transgender castings increased, there was a decrease in the already-low number of plus-size models to walk the runways. In other words, there's still a lot of work to be done—and the industry's progress is moving at a glacial pace.  Last season's Spring 2018 shows were the most racially diverse in NYFW history, with models of color accounting for 36.9% of the runways, but this season only saw a 0.4% increase in nonwhite models. It should be noted that the Fall 2018 season included significantly less shows and presentations in New York, with more designers heading to Paris or opting out completely. For instance, brands like Tome, Tracy Reese, and Helmut Lang typically cast inclusive and diverse shows, but they did not show this season. The Fall 2018 season's runways were 62.7% white and 37.3% models of color.  Though the industry is making small strides for racial diversity, body diversity is still lagging far behind. For Fall 2018, 26 plus-size models walked in only eight New York shows—accounting for just 1.1% of total model castings.  Leading the way, once again, was Christian Siriano, who cast 10 plus-size models in his 10th anniversary show. Also notably celebrating all sizes on the runway was Chromat, who cast 9 plus-size models. Meanwhile, several designers, including Michael Kors and Prabal Gurung, cast only one plus-size model in their show: Ashley Graham.  While Graham has been a beacon for body positivity in the fashion industry, it should be noted that there are plenty of other plus-size models who also deserve spots in top shows—and one token Ashley Graham casting does not suddenly make your brand inclusive or body positive.  In terms of improvements, trans visibility made the most progress this season. Thirty-three transgender women and non-binary models walked in 23 shows—an increase from Spring 2018's 31 trans models.  Teddy Quinlivan, a model who came out as transgender last September, led the pack with nine major castings in shows like Carolina Herrera, Oscar de la Renta, and Alexander Wang. Marc Jacobs, meanwhile, cast four transgender models: Hunter Schafer, Massima Lei, Ariel Murtagh, and Dara Allen. Since Fall 2017, the number of transgender castings has more than doubled, from 12 castings to 33.  In a time of championing female empowerment and equality, it's perplexing that the fashion industry is still so far behind in celebrating women of all sizes, races, and ethnicities. Though many brands may be inching closer to more diversity on the runway, it's clear that there's still a long way to go—and there's no excuse for such slow progress anymore.  Read the full diversity report for New York Fashion Week Fall 2018 at The Fashion Spot. 
 The trio will also appear in a short film for the brand.  For its latest fashion campaign, Fendi tapped not one, not two, but three generations of Kardashians.  Momager Kris Jenner, mogul Kim Kardashian West, and 5-year-old style icon North West star together in the 10th anniversary campaign for Fendi's Peekaboo handbag. WWD shared a first-look at the campaign titled #MeandMyPeekaboo, which features the trio frolicking in a field with their Fendi bags, as you and your family also probably do.    In addition to the imagery, Kris, Kim, and North will also star in a short film for the campaign. And really keeping it all in the family, the video will be set to the backdrop of Kanye West's "Love Lockdown." "The idea was to expand the concept of family, as it’s part of our history, and we wanted other families of women. In the case of the Kardashians, they are all three of them very strong women, with strong personalities. It’s an iconic family, who is known for its appearance, but we wanted to bring more of an intimate side to the table," Silvia Venturini Fendi, creative director of accessories and menswear, told WWD.   This will mark the second of Fendi's #MeandMyPeekaboo campaign series. The first, which was unveiled back in April, starred the brand's creative director of accessories and menswear, Silvia Venturini Fendi, and her daughters Delfina Delettrez and Leonetta Luciana Fendi. Kim teased the campaign (which is slated to drop in its entirety on July 11) on Twitter, writing "So major to be  in a campaign with my mom and daughter." Fendi Campaign coming soon! So major to be  in a campaign with my mom and daughter 💕 #FendiFamily #MeAndMyPeekaboo At just 5 years old, this will mark North West's first fashion campaign. But given her sense of style, I'd say it's pretty long overdue, don't you think?  

 The controversy behind Kendall Jenner's comments about models who don't have the luxury of being selective about what shows they walk in isn't quite over. Plus-size model Ashley Graham was asked by Andy Cohen on Watch What Happens Live what she thought about Jenner's remarks about being able to cherry-pick the shows she walks in...and Graham's response was candid: "Well, lucky for her because I’ve never been that so lucky. I mean, this tits and ass just had to fight through and break down barriers everyday." For reference: Graham walked her first Michael Kors show in February 2017 after the designer said one season before that it would be impossible for him to include plus-size models in his show. She has been advocating for more size inclusivity in the industry and on the runway for years. Jenner, on the other hand, walked her first Michael Kors show in fall 2015, just one year after she walked the Marc Jacobs fall 2014 show, her first major New York Fashion Week moment. Lucky indeed. 
From: ELLE US

 See what your sign's unique tee looks like.  For those of us who are astrology-obsessed, there's finally a way to wear your sign on your sleeve. J.Crew unveiled a limited-edition collection of horoscope t-shirts—each with its own unique design—reflecting all the personalities of the zodiac. Ranging in price for $36.50-$39.50, the twelve distinct tees feature graphics, playful phrases, and motifs catered to every star sign. Click through to shop your J.Crew horoscope match. J.Crew "Aries" t-shirt, $39.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Taurus" t-shirt, $39.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Taurus" t-shirt, $39.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Gemini" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Gemini" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Cancer" t-shirt, $39.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Leo" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Leo" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Virgo" t-shirt, $39.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Libra" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Libra" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Scorpio" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Scorpio" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Sagittarius" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Capricorn" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Aquarius" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Pisces" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP J.Crew "Pisces" t-shirt, $36.50, jcrew.com. SHOP
 A call for peace, flower power and women's rights.  Kicking off Paris Fashion Week with a bang, Dior turned back time half a century to stage a 1968 protest down its Fall 2018 runway.  Since her appointment as the first female artistic director at the French fashion house, Maria Grazia Chiuri has utilized Dior's runways and collections to empower women. Today's show was no different as she channeled the resistance culture amongst students of the 1960s to advocate for women's equality.  "Take a look back to a time a half-century ago when revolutionary thoughts and actions were placing the power and energy of youth center stage and influencing generations to come. For Autumn-Winter 2018-2019, Maria Grazia Chiuri tapped into this anniversary, reinventing and reimagining the legacy of those heady times," Dior wrote, sharing the inspiration behind its show on Instagram. The exterior of the show space, which was held at Musée Rodin, was covered in a collage of protest signs reading things like Hillary Clinton's famous 1995 quote, "Women's Rights Are Human Rights." Inside, the runway set echoed the same sentiment and was wallpapered with a collage of protest signs, feminist slogans and fashion magazine cutouts all from 1968 (including a few vintage Harper's BAZAAR magazine cutouts too).   The @dior show space covered in tear sheets of fashion magazines from 1968 #PFW pic.twitter.com/H3idcZm9Ia  As for the collection, the pieces echoed the 1960s resistance just as effectively as the walls. The runway opened with a thick knit sweater reading "C'est Non Non Non et Non!" (which translates to "It's no no no and no!") while another sweater featured an oversized peace sign.  An array of '60s-inspired patchwork pieces hit the runway in the form of mini skirts, boots and dresses. But there was also a dose of flower power-infused dresses, a standout shag coat, paisley-like prints and colorful lensed sunglasses.  Every single look was topped off with a black newsboy cap.  Following a season where many designers at New York Fashion Week surprisingly opted not to delve into politics, Maria Grazia Chiuri went all-in to commence Paris Fashion Week, making her message for Dior's Fall 2018 show loud and clear.  While the designer first kicked off her journey at Dior with those "We Should All Be Feminist" slogan tees that took over the street style scene, she's proven that tapping into the feminist movement isn't just a one-season "trend" for the brand. And that's a good thing.   
 The songstress is the new face of the "Shine" collection. If there's one thing Ciara knows how to do, that's shine, whether she's performing on a big stage, or stepping onto a red carpet. So, it's no wonder that the five-time Grammy-nominated songstress was chosen by Pandora to represent their new Shine collection. Their first all 18K gold plated collection is comprised of honeycomb themed jewery, from chokers, to stackable rings, pendants and charms.  A woman as busy and successful as Ciara with two kids at home doesn't necessarily need to get involved in fashion campaigns—but the songstress says she's always loved clothes and accessories since she was young. "As an artist, it's cool when you get to collaborate with brands like Pandora, because its another extension of my creativity. In this case, the brand is about inspiring us women to shine bright, and to be creative in how we express ourselves. I personally get excited about moments like this for that reason, it's also a part of growing. These partnerships are things I work hard for. The best part is when brands have deeper meaning, this is about celebrating us women, it's inspiring."  At 32-years-old, the singer fondly remembers trying to make sense of herself through style missteps and wins. "I was always trying to figure out fashion—even if I got it wrong. Over the years I got more comfortable and confident with myself. But growing up as a tomboy, I wore everything baggy, like my dad's Nautica shorts— which wasn't always seen as cool. I was also trying to find my self-esteem in it all." Even by the time Ciara stepped onto the music scene in 2003, she stood apart from the pop princesses of the early 00's in her baggy jeans and cut off ribbed tank tops. So when did she finally feel like she was shining bright? Her grammy win in 2006 quickly came to mind. "That was a special moment because that was something I had really dreamt of and believed it would happen. It was an affirmation of believing in yourself. Also, after giving birth to my babies, I can't even describe how special that feels to become a mom—I'm blessed to have two babies so I definitely feel like I'm shining now."  But even someone as famous as Ciara can admit that it's hard to shine every single day of your life. Luckily she counts her team and her family as the ones who are always shining their light on her, and she relies on affirmations. "I have a go-to line, that is, 'no one can close a door that God has opened for you. What's meant for you is going to be for you, and no one can take that from you. The only thing that can take it from you, is you.'  That's how I find my strength if I feel like my light is being dimmed."  Pandora choker, $200, pandora.net SHOP
 Princess Diana's niece was overwhelmed. Lady Kitty Spencer walked the runway at Dolce & Gabbana's Alta Moda show last week, and it's clear that the model found the experience extremely emotional. Taking place on Lake Como in Italy, the jaw-dropping show featured Naomi Campbell in a flawless gown, Ashley Graham owning the runway, and some stunning choreography. Also walking the runway for the designer was Princess Diana's niece, Lady Kitty Spencer, who has fast become a Dolce & Gabbana favorite. Spencer was obviously overwhelmed by the decadent affair, and she shared a behind-the-scenes video of herself being fitted ahead of the show, and she couldn't contain the emotion. With tears in her eyes, wearing the incredible gown she wore on the runway, the model's caption reads:  Happy tears & laughter! My Alta Moda fitting for @dolcegabbana 🌹 I was so overwhelmed by the beauty of their creation and the honour of being ‘Lucia’ in their I Promessi Sposi-inspired show yesterday. I adore this group of people @tabithasimmons @stefanogabbana & Domenico Dolce ♥️ A post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on Jul 7, 2018 at 3:50am PDT Spencer also took the opportunity to post several additional photos of the show itself, showcasing her amazing look, and majestic headdress:  Walking with goddesses @dolcegabbana @iamnaomicampbell @evaherzigova @helenachristensen 🌹♥️ #DGAltaModa #DGLovesComo A post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on Jul 8, 2018 at 8:43am PDT  Backstage @dolcegabbana Alta Moda 🇮🇹 #DGLovesComo 📸 by my angel @myblezy ♥️ A post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on Jul 7, 2018 at 3:55am PDT Lady Kitty Spencer was also joined by Emma Thynn, the Viscountess Weymouth:  Excitement before Alta Moda begins with @dolcegabbana @stefanogabbana @halima @emmaweymouth @patmcgrathreal ♥️🌹🇮🇹 #DGAltaModa #DGLovesComo A post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on Jul 8, 2018 at 8:22am PDT This isn't the first time that royals and aristocrats have walked the runway for Dolce & Gabbana, either. An assortment of royals walked in the "Secrets and Diamonds" show back in February 2018, including Lady Violet Manners, the oldest daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Rutland. 
 Once again, the designer turned the runway into a full-on party.  Alexander Wang knows how to turn his New York Fashion Week shows into full-on ragers—and tonight's Spring 2018 collection was no exception.  The designer brought the fashion set to Bushwick, Brooklyn tonight for #WANGFEST, a fashion show/music festival/full-on party. From models making an entrance via a tour bus to a lineup of music performances, and plenty of drinks, there was a lot to keep up with at Wang's Spring 2018 show. Here, follow along as we track all the things unfolding at Wang's BK show tonight: 1) The late night show was held outdoors. Wang ditched a traditional runway for the streets of Bushwick. And guests were given festival-style cloth wristbands upon arrival. 2) Models entered the runway via a #WANGFEST tour bus. According to Bella Hadid's Instagram Stories, some twerking took place on said bus.  3) Kaia Gerber opened the show. The 16-year-old just made her runway debut on Thursday at Calvin Klein, making tonight her second-ever catwalk.    The #WANGFEST bus. #WANGSS18 #NYFW A post shared by  alexanderwang (@alexanderwangny) on Sep 9, 2017 at 6:48pm PDT  4) Models wore New Year's Eve-inspired headbands. The headwear featured phrases like "WANGOVER," "PARTY ANIMAL," and "AFTER AFTER PARTY." Indicating, there may be a few after after parties tonight.    5) Kim Kardashian and Kris Jenner made the trek to Bushwick to attend the show. Kim Takes Brooklyn would have made an excellent KUWTK spinoff. The duo watched on from behind the barricades, snapping photos as Kendall Jenner walked the runway.  Kris Jenner and Kim Kardashian at the Alexander Wang show. 📷 @thealexbadia #nyfw #ss18 #wwdeye A post shared by  WWD (@wwd) on Sep 9, 2017 at 8:18pm PDT 5) The after-party was held at a Brooklyn warehouse on the street where the runway was staged. Included in the #WANGFEST party this year? Donut towers, an ice bar, cocktail juice pouches, an inflatable pool filled with bottles of Budweiser, and much more. Attractions also included a bounce house and NARS makeup booth outdoors, and a full-out concert stage inside the warehouse.  6) The night was filled with four musical performances. To further solidify Wang's music festival theme, there was a full artist lineup for the night. According to fliers posted around the venue, performances and DJ sets were scheduled to go through 3 AM. The mystery music acts turned out to be A$AP Ferg, Vince Staples, Cardi B, and Ja Rule and Ashanti. Watch this space for more updates... 
 Sweat in style with these outfit ideas borrowed from the A-list.  If one of your New Years resolutions for 2018 is to work out more, you're not alone. If you also, like us, need some extra motivation to hit the gym (especially in winter temperatures), you're definitely not alone. While the outcome of a healthier and more toned body might be enticing enough for some, there's really nothing like a chic workout wardrobe to inspire you to up your fitness routine. Take note from the A-listers and try these gym-friendly looks that will have you sweating in style.  A pair of bright and bold leggings adds a pop of color to a predominantly neutral workout look. Selena Gomez demonstrated it best with a pair of striking blue Puma leggings for a gym date with Justin Bieber.  Puma leggings, $25, macys.com. SHOP Take your look from the gym to the street style scene by styling an oversized denim jacket over your workout clothes (adding a pair of cat-eye sunglasses doesn't hurt, either).  Nike sneakers, $85, nordstrom.com. SHOP Uncivilised denim jacket, $60, asos.com. SHOP Commit to the athletic look with a coordinating sports bra and leggings, à la Bella Hadid in a white Nike set.  Nike sports bra, $35, nike.com. SHOP Nike leggings, $45, nike.com. SHOP A standout cropped puffer jacket is the perfect topper for an all-black look.  LPA puffer jacket, $178, revolve.com. SHOP Keep it cool with a muted color palette and minimally cut pieces. Top off a sports bra and leggings with an oversized shearling hoodie for the full-on Yeezy effect.  Yeezy Season 6 pieces, $60 - $1500, yeezysupply.com. SHOP Brave the gym on a cold day by throwing a floor-length duster jacket on top of your sweats.  Alpha Industries jacket, $211, farfetch.com. SHOP Try a retro-inspired windbreaker in a statement-making hue for a little '90s-inspired fitness.  adidas windbreaker, $69, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP Chill by Will leggings, $95, revolve.com. SHOP Bring unexpected color and pattern into your workout look whether in the form of a red sweatshirt tied around your waist or leopard leggings.  American Apparel leggings, $28, americanapparel.com. SHOP In the winter, keep warm en route to the gym with a fur-lined parka à la J.Lo.  H&M; parka, $80, hm.com. SHOP Embrace the matchy-matchy look with a coordinating sports bra and leggings set.  adidas by Stella McCartney sports bra, $51, and leggings, $56, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Step up your fitness routine with a luxe pair of faux leather paneled leggings.  Alo leggings, $119, revolve.com.  SHOP Try the model off-duty look with a cropped sweatshirt layered over your sports bra. Add some extra layers in the form of a cropped jacket and secondary sweatshirt tied around your waist for aesthetic purposes, of course.  LNDR leggings, $125, farfetch.com. SHOP Make an all-black gym look pop with an eye-catching pair of red sunglasses.  Perverse sunglasses, $40, perversesunglasses.com. SHOP Go incognito with the help of a knit beanie and aviators, as demonstrated by a low-key Meghan Markle leaving yoga class.  Canada Goose beanie, $75, bloomingdales.com. SHOP Keep it classic with a throwback logo sweatshirt topping off your gym clothes (accessorizing with a spiky water bottle doesn't hurt, either).  Champion hoodie, $125, nordstrom.com. SHOP bkr water bottle, $40, nordstrom.com. SHOP For a couples workout, Jlo and ARod opted for sweatshirts and sneakers—with the singer using her empowering Milly hoodie to make a feminist statement.  Milly Girl Boss hoodie, $155, milly.com. SHOP To put a chic, polished spin on an adidas t-shirt and leggings, top off a sweat-friendly look with a cream duster coat. Lovers + Friends duster jacket, $210, revolve.com. SHOP A cropped graphic sweatshirt is the perfect way to add some color to your fitness routine. Forever 21 sweatshirt, $40, forever21.com. SHOP Opt for an unexpected, bright color of sneakers to breathe some fresh air into your neutral workout look. APL sneakers, $70, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A coordinating zip-up and yoga pants works for the gym or running errands.  NO Ka' Oi jacket, $170, and leggings, $127, farfetch.com. SHOP Trade in your go-to all-black look for a blue monochromatic get-up instead.  Fiorucci bomber jacket, $335, farfetch.com. SHOP Layer a military jacket over your t-shirt and leggings to take the look from a workout to a day of running errands.  Madewell jacket, $118, madewell.com. SHOP Mix and match prints for a multi-dimensional look. Tie it all together with a pair of crisp white sneakers à la Sienna Miller.  Varley leggings, $53, asos.com. SHOP Put a fashion-forward spin on your workout gear by topping it off with a velvet bomber jacket and baker boy hat.  Sanctuary velvet bomber, $111, bloomingdales.com. SHOP A cut-out sports bra not only works for a gym session, but also as a layer for a going-out look.  Forever 21 sports bra, $13, forever21.com. SHOP Swap out black yoga pants for a gray hue to break up your look.  adidas Originals leggings, $35, footlocker.com. SHOP Take it back to the '90s with colorful track pants and chunky sneakers that feel cool again in 2018.  Chloé track pants, $848, farfetch.com. SHOP Top off a simple sweatshirt and print leggings with a black baseball cap and sunnies.  Topshop hat, $28, topshop.com. SHOP Zella leggings, $69, nordstrom.com. SHOP Upgrade your basic black leggings with subtle slits and cut-outs up the calf.  Free People leggings, $62, carbon38.com. SHOP Less is more: Selena Gomez proves you can never go wrong in simple gym shorts and a sports bra (plus, a towel as a scarf is kind of chic?).  Nike shorts, $40, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 NY-based Apparis is the brand to watch.  NY-based Apparis has quickly become the faux fur darling of the fashion industry with editors, influencers and celebs alike shopping the brand’s luxe collection of outerwear. We talked to co-founders Amélie Brick and Lauren Nouchi about inspirations, the exclusive ShopBAZAAR Hero, and what’s next. Describe the beginnings of the brand.We started as a boutique selling French fashions, boots, handbags, etc. and we noticed that girls would come in and try on our faux fur coats that we had designed, and we realized that we had something special. Since the beginning, we were only selling vegan products and we wanted to continue down that route as we moved on in designing our line. We also wanted to keep our price point easily accessible to everyone while still providing a luxury element, because nothing is better than feeling like a million bucks without all the wallet pain.  In the beginning we basically did everything ourselves, from packing boxes, taking all our own photos, designing, marketing; we never took any backers because we wanted our product to be our own, and a statement of what we believe in. It was a lot of work, but also a ton of fun! What is a signature Apparis design feature?The softness of the faux fur! It took us years to develop the super soft and plush material. We kept going back to the factory to try out new techniques until we finally found the right one. The colors are also a big part of the Apparis feel. We love to play around with colors and aren’t afraid to step out of the comfort zone of browns and blacks.  In true Parisian style, we think less is more. Having that one statement piece, something that shows your personality, goes a long way. What makes the exclusive ShopBAZAAR  Hero so special?Unlike the other coats in our collection which are inspired by the colors of our home town of Marseille, we were inspired by our new home of New York. We are constantly bombarded by the uniform of navy suits that men wear, and we thought that the city girl should have their own uniform. A furry piece of armor to face the day, along with her cup of coffee.  Tell us about the craftsmanship behind the line.We take great pride in the quality of our faux furs. All of the fabrics are sourced in Paris, washed in a special solution, and triple rinsed to create the softness that you feel when you try on one of our pieces. We then have the coats manufactured in a boutique factory in China that we work closely with to produce all of our pieces.  Since we can’t use machines for most of the manufacturing process, most of the work is done by hand, and our Creative Director spends several weeks at the factories making sure that the level of craftsmanship is up to our standards.  5 words that describe the Apparis customer?Chic, Bold, Vibrant, Playful, Effortless.  Style tips you want to share?In true Parisian style, we think less is more. Having that one statement piece, something that shows your personality, goes a long way. This could be a bold red coat, a patterned bag, or some killer shoes. We aspire for the effortless chic look. Favorite style icons?Some of the fashion icons that we draw the most inspiration from are Brigitte Bardot and Carine Roitfeld. For us, they’re representative of bold, empowered women, and that’s exactly how we view Apparis. They are so chic, sexy, and feminine, and that’s how we want our clients to feel when they wear our coats.  How do you see your brand growing?We think in one way we want to remain true to our original concept, which is being a vegan brand with a Parisian flare. We want to stay true to our roots while still becoming the number one brand in the US and abroad. We recently did a capsule collection featuring children's coats with Moda Operandi, Mommy & Me, and it inspired us to want to expand into creating a more extensive children’s collection and possibly move into men’s. Powerful words of wisdom you received?I (Amélie Brick) remember this quote from Margaret Thatcher, “If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.” And nothing has been more motivating. Our team here in New York are some of the most hard working women we’ve ever met and we are constantly inspired by one another, we even name our coats after them. Sneak peek into future Apparis collections?We will be releasing our Resort Collection soon, which leans towards a more feminine color palette of light pinks, whites, and browns. The piece we are most excited about is the Lola, which is an ombre long hair faux fur.  SHOP NOW
 From swim to sunnies... Even if you're not feeling particularly patriotic right now—there's no denying the intrinsic chic factor of classic red, white and blue for the big summer holidays. These classic hues—along with their primary mate, yellow, feel right on time this summer holiday season. Salute the flag, take a knee, do you—and look cute.  Emily Ratajkowski doesn't shy from impactful pieces. This red number is as eye-catching as it is comfortable—especially paired with white kicks.  Get the look: R13 jacket and trousers, fwrd.com. SHOP NOW Slide into a great red hue. Schutz shoes, $150, schutz.com. SHOP NOW  Writing so many new songs! Can't wait for you all to hear them ❤️ A post shared by  Arlissa (@arlissa_xx) on May 22, 2018 at 10:00am PDT When in doubt pair your classic denim with a white crop for that unstudied insouciance we're all aiming for. The Row top, $550, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Swimwear is leaning that much more into the realm of ready-to-wear. Embrace the new shapes.  Solid and Striped top, $90 and bottom, $80, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Kisuii suit, $220, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP NOW Aexae top, $58 and bottom, 54, aexaeswim.com. SHOP NOW Get your cat eye game in check in something vibrant and Insta-ready. Saint Laurent glasses, $350.00, ysl.com. SHOP NOW Jacquemus continues to kill the summer game with white dresses that take the idea of the t-shirt dress to chic and sexy places. Kim K wears the look especially well... Shop the look for less: Storets dress, $98, storets.com. Pair those breezy white dresses with a beachy sandal that won't compete with the airy vibe you're going for. Ancient Greek Sandals, $265, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW  Always snacking 🍌🍉🍒 A post shared by  EMILI SINDLEV (@emilisindlev) on Jun 7, 2018 at 12:10am PDT Keep it casual in chic, feminine shorts offset by edgy tees and accessories for a dose of the unexpected.  Ganni shorts, $125, net-a-porter.com. SHOP No need to rep all the colors of the flag at once, pick one and run with it. Whatever you choose, the message this season is clear—the longer the better. Rebecca de Ravenel dress, $1,497, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW  Merlette dress, $580, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW Le Sirenuse Positano dress, $820, emporiosirenuse.com. SHOP NOW We love the idea of sequins for day. Kendall Jenner executes the idea perfectly in this form-fitting Ralph Lauren dress paired with sneakers.  Looking for a pool in Paris A post shared by  Sabina Socol (@sabinasocol) on Jun 9, 2018 at 1:06am PDT Not here for the red, white and blue? Swap in another primary shade that packs a pretty punch. Pair with cream or white and become the summer dream. Sensi Studio hat, $295, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Anine Bing skirt, $229, aninebing.com SHOP NOW Le Specs sunglasses, $119, lespecs.com. SHOP NOW Radley London bag, $178, radleylondon.com. SHOP NOW
 Watch the supermodels strut for the camera and relax behind the scenes. There are fashion campaigns, and then there are Calvin Klein fashion campaigns. Today, the brand launched its fall 2019 underwear campaign, duly titled #MYCALVINS IRL, showcasing a medley of the world’s biggest stars sporting its newest undergarments. Appealing to current culture’s collective craving for authenticity in the fashion industry, the brand writes that #MYCALVINS “celebrates two totally different perspectives of what sexy looks like. The result blurs the line between the public image and private realities of our unapologetic cast and asks the question, how do you do sexy? Perfectly filtered or IRL raw?” This question drives the campaign’s visual element, in which photos of its star-studded cast in supermodel sublimity are juxtaposed next to images in more candid and intimate settings (Bella Hadid, for example, rests her head against her shoulder in one photo then angstily scrunches her hair up while scrutinizing her form in a mirror in another). Yet, it is the campaign video that best exemplifies the ostensible dichotomy between being “perfectly filtered” and “IRL raw.” Naomi Campbell lounges on a couch. Diplo poses for a web camera. Bella Hadid stares into a door’s peephole. Jacob Elordi takes mirror selfies. These are the scenes—flushed with color and believable mirth—that flash in between black-and-white footage of the cast clinically posing for a crew of cameras against a white backdrop.  “Each comfortable in their own skin,” the brand notes of the campaign’s cast, “and each confident in their Calvins.” #MYCALVINS IRL doesn’t necessarily seem to ask whether or not you feel sexier with or without filters, as much as it seems to answer its own question with, “Why not both?”
 Street style straight from Haute Couture With a mix of sun and snow, Paris isn't the spring dream we picture, but the ladies of couture are bringing their fashion A game. See how they're dressing for the couture shows. Grace Elizabeth She is carrying a LOEWE Mini Gate bag.  Joanna Hillman Susie Bubble Charlotte Groeneveld
 15 highlights to know from the Spring 2019 shows.  Another New York Fashion Week has come and gone and this season delivered an especially eclectic mix of fashion moments to unpack. From the return of Rodarte, Proenza Schouler, and Opening Ceremony to political statements on the runway to Rihanna giving us a grand finale for the books, the Spring 2019 collections had a little bit of everything. Catch up on all the major highlights—in no particular order—from this season of shows in New York.  Following a two-year hiatus in Paris, Rodarte returned to New York Fashion Week with a stunning show held in a rainy graveyard on the Lower East Side (umbrellas and all). For a brand known for its ethereal, yet moody aesthetic, the dark and drizzly moment couldn't have been a more perfect backdrop for a collection of ultra-feminine tulle, floral headpieces, and romantic gowns. The Mulleavy sisters know how to make a grand comeback. Serving as one of the most important runways of the week, Pyer Moss brought the fashion crowd to Weeksville, Brooklyn for a show that celebrated black culture to the fullest. The show's location, home to one of the nation's first free black communities after slavery, served as a powerful setting for a collection that utilized works by black artist Derrick Adams and made statements like "Stop Calling 911 On The Culture" in t-shirt form. Making the moment even more beautiful, a gospel choir performed as a cast of all-black models walked the runway. For his 50-year anniversary, Ralph Lauren pulled out all the stops with an over-the-top, celebrity-filled runway show held at the beautiful Bethesda Fountain in Central Park. Kanye West, Oprah, Hillary Clinton, Blake Lively, and a long list of stars celebrated the designer's milestone show that featured an astounding 100+ runway looks. Including both the Ralph Lauren Collection line and Polo Ralph Lauren looks, it was an ode to the designer's incredible impact on American sportswear.  Following her performance at this year's #BAZAARICONS party, Xtina went on to becoming the most surprising fixture at the Spring 2019 shows. From a front row appearances at Christian Cowan to a performance during Opening Ceremony's runway show (more on that later), the singer was everywhere this week. Always one to put on a fun and diverse runway show, this season was no exception for Christian Siriano. Though the designer had a star-studded front row featuring Whoopi Goldberg, Tiffany Haddish, Sarah Hyland, Judith Light, and Danielle Brooks, it was Cynthia Nixon who stole the show. Speaking ahead of New York's primary election on Thursday, Siriano placed reminders on all seats to vote Cynthia Nixon for Democratic governor. Nixon herself sat front row and watched as a "Vote for Cynthia" tee walked the runway. For a designer that advocates for inclusion, diversity, and women's rights, Nixon picked a fitting place to make a cameo during NYFW—though she sadly didn't go on to win Thursday's primary.  After a stint in Paris, Proenza Schouler made a return to the NYFW schedule and along with it, brought some of your favorite supermodels from the late '90s and early 2000s. Amber Valetta, Karen Elson, Tasha Tilberg, and Gemma Ward all walked the runway— marked by its acid wash denim, reimagined suiting separates, and everyday wardrobe essentials. Brandon Maxwell brought the fashion crowd down South with a tailgate-inspired show that embraced his Texan roots. Showgoers sat in the back of pickup trucks and on Yeti coolers as a preppy, southern-inspired collection hit the runway, stomping down the catwalk to the sounds of country mainstays like Bonnie Rait. The piece de resistance, though, was the rosé-bottle filled box bags that we now all want for spring.  Skipping a traditional runway show, Kenzo debuted its latest collection in the form of a short film. Written and directed by Humberto Leon, The Everything made its debut at a sparkling watch party held Friday night. The film, which showcases the brand's Fall 2018 collection, starred Milla Jovovich and a cast of cool teens that unsurprisingly made the collection look just as cool. You can watch the full thing here.  A diverse celebration of color and culture, Prabal Gurung's Spring 2019 runway represented models from an astounding 40 countries. From India to China to the designer's homeland of Nepal, a mashup of cultures and countries were celebrated as one collection of humanity and color inspired by the designer's travels around the world. It was a beautiful and diverse runway moment that sent a strong message of hope in today's political climate. Celebrity offspring and the modeling world go hand-in-hand, but this season we were in for a real surprise when Madonna's eldest daughter walked her first fashion show. At 21 years old, Lourdes Leon made her big runway debut at Gyspy Sport's Spring 2019 show, wearing a seashell body chain bra and baggy ripped jeans. She may just be the next style star to watch. Collaborating with Ru Paul's Drag Race, Opening Ceremony presented its Spring 2019 collection in the form of a live drag show hosted by Sasha Valour. Starring over 40 drag queens and LGBTQ models, the show celebrated the oft marginalized drag community in a fun, yet inspiring way. Topping it all off, the show ended with a surprise performance by Christina Aguilera.  For his first collection as creative director at Carolina Herrera, Wes Gordon brought on the color with a playful, yet elegant range of looks. Though he managed to stay true to the sophisticated and ladylike core of the brand, Gordon introduced a new wave of youth and romanticism to the fashion house that will have a fresh crop of Herrera girls coming through.  Marc Jacobs brought the drama this season—and not just in the form of his stunning spring collection. The designer's show started a whole 90 minutes late, ruffling the feathers of many fashion insiders—and stirring up a lot of rumors. The drama-filled wait, which Jacobs later sincerely apologized for on Instagram, was worth it though when an incredible collection of color, ruffles, and feathers hit the runway. It was Fashion with a capital F. The week came to a close with the ultimate grand finale: Rihanna's Savage x Fenty lingerie show. It was an incredibly diverse and stunning celebration of womanhood in every way—featuring symbolic dances, a theatrical performance, and an inclusive runway cast that also starred two pregnant models. To sum it up: Rihanna won the whole week.  Though you likely already heard, the #BAZAARICONS party got a little wild this year. Tapping into our September issue's rock'n'roll theme, partygoers including Tiffany Haddish, 21 Savage, Elsa Hosk, Karolina Kurkova, Karrueche Tran, Halima Aden, and more got into the spirit by wrecking a suite in true rockstar fashion—all in good fun, of course. 
 Bella Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio, Karlie Kloss and more share how they got there. Although the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show doesn't air for another week and a half, the Angels and models are already flying overseas and getting settled in Shanghai before they take the runway to film on Monday. For last year's show in Paris, the models all flew together in a private jet complete with matching shirts and in-flight champagne. This year, the runway stars flew separately—some in pairs or small groups—but they still documented every step of their journey, from the moment they packed their luggage until after landing in China. Alanna Arrington had plenty of shoes to choose from. Jourdana Phillips had to shut her bag tight. Vanessa Moody had plenty of VS goodies.  Karlie Kloss showed her excitement on her Instagram Story. Grace Bol wore the coolest hat while waiting for her flight.  Martha Hunt and Elsa Hosk got a few photos before heading to the airport. Romee Strijd looked cozy in her pink fur. She and Jasmine Tookes flaunted their baggage. Georgia Fowler prepped with some tunes.  Herieth Paul was red hot for her trip. Devon Windsor proved color-blocking is great for airport style. Sui He bundled up before takeoff.  Kelly Gale, Georgia Fowler, and Devon Windsor took a few shots in front of the plane. Cindy Bruna's all-black attire matched her sleek luggage. Taylor Hill proved she was ready to go. VS Angel Alessandra Ambrosio brought her daughter Anja Louise along. Candice Swanepoel propped her feet up. Barbara Fialho flaunted her VS merch midair.  Josephine Skriver was all smiles in her seat. Lais Ribeiro looked chill as ever.  Victoria Lee showed off her "Angel" sweater. And so did Grace Elizabeth. Daniela Braga proved that slaying does not stop in an airplane. Bruna Lírio cozied up with a glass. Gizele Oliveira blew some kisses from the flight. Megan Williams sported a pink "Love" sweater. Bella Hadid showed off her enviable welcome gifts. Amilna Estevao, Bruna Lírio and Gizele Oliveira had a pajama party in their hotel. Barbara Fialho snuggled with a stuffed toy. Lameka Fox showed her love for VS. Gizele Oliveira wore the cutest PJs.  Alexina Graham made a new friend. The VS Fashion Show airs on CBS on November 28. 
 The model continues to break industry barriers.  Continuing to break barriers in the fashion industry, Andreja Pejjic just became the first transgender model to sign with Ford Models. The 26-year-old, who initially gained traction as fashion's first completely androgynous model, announced the monumental news on Instagram.  "I am more than delighted to announce that I will be joining forces with the legendary @fordmodels agency. @chrimichael is the kind of agent any girl in showbiz would die to have. I'm grateful that I can say I'm surrounded by a team that truly values what I bring to the table," Pejic wrote.  After publicly coming out as transgender back in 2013, Pejic was dropped from her modeling agency at the time. Now, she's signed on with one of the oldest and most prestigious modeling agencies in the world. In an interview with Forbes, Pejic opened up about the experience, "It feels good to go from not even knowing if I would have a future in the modeling business to joining forces with one of the biggest names in the industry, and following in the footstep of Christie Brinkley, Jerry Hall, Alek Wek—the list goes on and on."  Pejic was the first to model both menswear and womenswear in the industry and became the first transgender model to land a major beauty campaign back in 2015 for Make Up For Ever. Along with walking the runways at Marc Jacobs, Jean Paul Gaultier, John Galliano and more, the model also became the first transgender woman to appear on the cover of GQ.  Now signed as an official Ford Model, it looks like this is only the beginning of Pejic's work as a force for transgender representation in the fashion and beauty realms. 
 Freida Pinto, Nyasha Matonhoze, and Margot are just a few of the inspiring women in the empowering photo series.  What constitutes an "It girl?" In the past, the term was strictly reserved for top models, socialites, and celebrities. But in the era of #MeToo, British designer Catherine Quin is looking to transcend the definition. This week, Quin launched 'Women of Purpose,'  a different kind of fashion campaign starring a lineup of inspiring women who've excelled in their professional and philanthropic endeavors. Forgoing a traditional model casting, the photo series features women from an array of backgrounds including actress/activist Freida Pinto, women's rights activist Brita Fernandez Schmidt, playwright Polly Stenham, musician Margot, artist Martynka Wawrzyniak, film maker Liza Voloshin, jewelry designers Phoebe and Annette Stephens, and more. “In an age where celebrity lifestyles too often eclipse contribution and achievement, my goal is to celebrate women who live their lives with intention, determination and grace." Quin said of the Women of Purpose project. "With this initiative, I wanted to inspire women and offer talented and purposeful role models."  Coinciding with the photo series, Quin is also launching the Women of Purpose collection, which will donate 25 percent of all proceeds to Women for Women International, a non-profit organization that helps women of marginalized communities around the world rebuild their lives. All of the women featured in the campaign were photographed in pieces from the collection.  "It was important that we make a tangible contribution to help empower women on a global level. Partnering with the Women for Women charity and donating to their sister program has great synergy with our own initiative and our values as a brand," Quin told BAZAAR.com.  SHOP THE WOMEN OF PURPOSE COLLECTION NOW As an increasing number of brands look for new ways to join the conversation around female empowerment, Quin's Women of Purpose project serves as an actionable way to genuinely support women's rights—it's a reminder for more fashion brands to herald everyday women making a difference, not just the same It girl models over and over again.  See more of the women featured in the Women of Purpose series below:  SHOP THE WOMEN OF PURPOSE COLLECTION NOW
 And we need to visit ASAP.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. An Yves Saint Laurent museum has opened up in Paris, featuring the brand's most iconic looks and the eponymous couturier's official design studio. The launch takes place nearly three weeks after the death of YSL co-founder Pierre Bergé, who passed away on September 8 at the age of 68. He was dedicated to finding a permanent home for Saint Laurent's archives. 
 Meet "For All." Since its 2013 launch, Off-White has amassed a cult-like following with its effortlessly cool streetwear, cheeky logos, and A-list following. For those not willing to shell out $300 - $800 for a hoodie, however, the Virgil Abloh-helmed brand is launching a lower-priced capsule collection that's a bit more budget-friendly. Aptly called "For All," the new range targeted to millennial shoppers includes graphic t-shirts and hoodies at a more affordable price point. The unisex pieces range from $95 for a tee to $170 for a sweatshirt, making the streetwear-infused staples a little more accessible than Off-White's standard collection.  SHOP OFF-WHITE PIECES "The price tier allows for a new customer to see themselves within the overall concept of the fashion label. Off-White can be luxury at a traditional luxury price point, or equally it can be relevant at an affordable price point," Abloh said in a statement.  For All may be the first of Off-White's foray into more affordable pieces in the future. According to Business of Fashion, Abloh said, "I plan to [launch affordable collections] periodically but with the freedom to decide where and when in each instance." The brand's latest venture comes after a year filled with several new projects helmed by its founder and creative director including collaborations with Nike, Warby Parker, and an upcoming collection with Ikea.   Off-White™ c/o @Nike “Zoom Fly” A post shared by  Off-White™ (@off____white) on Jan 6, 2018 at 10:12am PST The For All collection will be available to shop in Off-White stores only starting today. The brand has locations in New York, Paris, Toronto, London, Hong Kong, and more. 
 From Naomi to Gisele to Gigi, take a look back at how some of your favorite top models got their starts.  By now, you're probably used to seeing all your favorite supermodels on the runways and in the season's hottest campaigns, but you probably don't know how they each first got their start. From the most iconic supermodels of the '90s to today's runway stars, we're taking a look back at the model discovery stories that launched some of fashion's greatest careers.  Before Crawford graced the runway and the covers of all major fashion magazines, she was a girl living in the small town of DeKalb, Illinois. She recounted how a poolside photo that a local photographer took of her piqued her interest in modeling. From there, she traveled to Chicago and signed with the modeling agency Elite. Forbes's longtime highest-paid model in the world was discovered while shopping in São Paolo, Brazil, The Independent reported. After walking her first runway at the age of 14, Bündchen went on to become the breakout supermodel of the late '90s and early 2000s, after making her big break at Alexander McQueen's spring 1998 show.  She has since dabbled in acting, appearing in movies like The Devil Wears Prada and Taxi, and most recently wrote a memoir, Lessons: My Path to a Meaningful Life. The iconic supermodel was only 15 when she was spotted by Pennington Models scout Beth Boldt. "A woman came up to me and asked if I'd ever thought of modelling. It was Beth Boldt, head of the Synchro agency. My immediate reaction was surprise and excitement," Campbell told The Guardian. "My mum wanted me to stay on at school and finish my exams. But I wanted things my way, so a few weeks later I went to see Beth on my own. On my first visit, she parted my hair in the middle, did my makeup and took me up on the roof in my school uniform to take a few black-and-white pictures. Eventually, Mum decided I could model, so long as it didn't interfere with my school work or exams."  In January 1990, Campbell  was declared "the reigning megamodel of them all" by Interview. Most famously, she was also part of The Big Five supermodels of the '90s—going on to become a runway icon and the face of endless major fashion campaigns. Renowned model scout Sarah Doukas found a 14-year-old Moss squabbling with her father at JFK Airport in New York. Doukas got on their flight to England and approached them in-flight as soon as the seat belt sign turned off, Business Insider reported.  In the '90s, Moss's collaborations with Calvin Klein brought her to fashion icon status after debuting the "heroin chic" look. Moss spent the decade dominating runways, campaigns, and editorials as one of the supermodels to watch.  Passing the torch along, Moss founded the Kate Moss Agency in 2016 for young models and creatives.  While horseback riding in Florida at the age of 14, Turlington was spotted by a photographer. Just one year later, she was making her way to Paris, she revealed in an interview with Harper's BAZAAR.  While dominating the '90s fashion world as one of The Big Five supermodels, she appeared in major campaigns for Calvin Klein, Chanel, Versace, and more while also walking every major runway show. In 2014, she was named one of TIME's 100 Most Influential for the philanthropic work she has accomplished since.  "I took a modeling course in my hometown, St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada. It was sort of a scam. In order to work as a model, you had to pay for the classes. My mom paid for me. They sent me there at 16, and I was chosen by a Japanese agency to go over to Japan for the summer to work,"  Evangelista told Interview in 2013.  "My parents were strict Italians who didn't let me go out past 10 o'clock, and I had to choose between going out Friday or Saturday night and was not allowed to have a boyfriend. But they said okay. I got there and it was a catastrophe. They wanted me to take my clothes off and shoot me naked. It was a nightmare and I panicked and basically the Canadian Embassy helped me out. I was there about two days and went home, saying, 'I don't want anything to do with this ever again.' But how I got my start was that my modeling agency insisted I enter the Miss Teen Niagara Pageant." Now, Evangelista is respected as one of the most iconic, influential models of all time and has appeared on more than 700 magazine covers. Gigi inherited her modeling chops from her mom, Yolanda Hadid, and started her career when she was only two years old. She was first discovered by Guess cofounder Paul Marciano as a toddler and appeared in a Baby Guess campaign. As a teenager, she relaunched her modeling career and signed with IMG in 2013.  After landing her first major fashion editorial in the December 2014 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, Gigi's modeling career skyrocketed both on and off the runway. She has since walked just about every major fashion show, starred in a multitude of campaigns, and collaborated with Tommy Hilfiger for three seasons on the Tommy x Gigi brand.  Harlow was first discovered by Tyra Banks on Instagram, who cast her as a contestant on America's Next Top Model. Harlow placed sixth overall in the competition, after winning a second chance following her original elimination.  Since then, Harlow has walked runways for the likes of Marc Jacobs, Tommy Hilfiger, and was just cast as Victoria's Secret's newest model. She has also been a spokesperson for vitiligo and gave a TED talk in 2014 called, "My Story Is Painted on My Body." Delevingne's close connections, including older socialite sister Poppy, helped launch her into the modeling world at a young age. "I've been best-friends with Genevieve Garner, daughter of Sarah Doukas [CEO of Storm Model Management] since I was five. Sarah saw me when she came to our school and Gen introduced us. I had never thought about modeling before, and it just happened," she told The Telegraph in 2011. Delevigne was signed to Storm Model Management in 2009 and landed her first campaign for Burberry at 18 years old.  Delevingne quickly went on to dominate the runways and won Model of the Year at the 2012 British Fashion Awards.  Christie Brinkley has her dog to thank for her modeling career. In an interview with WWD, Brinkley revealed that, while calling a veterinarian for her sick dog in Paris, she met a photographer at the telephoning office who saw her potential. He asked to shoot her for a project, and Brinkley has since graced photoshoot sets worldwide. Merci, pooch! Ambrosio started taking modeling classes in Brazil at the age of 12. She continued with the contests, and by the time she had turned 14, she was chosen as a finalist for the countrywide Elite Model Look competition. The rest, as they say, is history.  Along with appearing in major fashion campaigns for brands like Balmain and Dolce & Gabbana, the model has been most known for her work with Victoria's Secret. As one of the most recognized VS Angels, Ambrosio walked an astounding 17 Victoria's Secret Fashion Shows, making last year her final walk for the annual show.  Long before walking the biggest shows at fashion week, Kloss walked a charity fashion show in her Missouri hometown. Then, at the age of 15, she made her New York Fashion Week debut on Calvin Klein's runway. "I was discovered at 13 in a mall in St. Louis. I had never been on an airplane, actually." she told CBS in 2015. Since, Kloss has walked every major runway in New York, London, Milan, and Paris—along with starring in campaigns for brands like Oscar de la Renta, Versace, and Diane von Furstenberg. In 2015, she partnered with Flatiron School and Code.org to create a scholarship program, Kode with Klossy, which supports young girls who are interested in computer science to become leaders in tech.  Instead of getting scouted by surprise, Smalls actively pursued modeling in Puerto Rico, where she was born and raised. Though she lost the competitions she entered as a young girl, she earned a much bigger prize later on. After moving to New York, Smalls signed to IMG Models in 2009 and focused on runway work. She got her big break walking at Givenchy Haute Couture in 2010, courtesy of Riccardo Tisci.  In 2010, Smalls began modeling for Victoria's Secret and has walked in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show since. But aside from the VS runway, she's also walked just about every major fashion show including  Gucci, Chanel, Prada, Tom Ford, Versace, Balenciaga, Saint Laurent, and Louis Vuitton.  The model was first discovered by British agency Profile Model Management when she was just 15 years old and  signed to its New Faces division. Whiteley made her runway debut at Vivienne Tam's New York Fashion Week show in 2004. She has appeared on dozens of magazine covers; graced campaigns for Givenchy, Dolce & Gabbana, Burberry, and Balmain; and became a Victoria's Secret Angel in 2010.  EmRata's dream of acting and modeling came true when she signed with Ford Models at age 14. Between small modeling jobs, she dipped her toes into the acting world and once appeared on Nickelodeon show iCarly, according to The New York Times. She dropped out of college after one year to pursue her modeling career and got her big break in 2011 when she appeared naked in Robin Thicke's music video for "Blurred Lines." Today, Ratajkowski has appeared in hundreds of magazines and even landed key roles in movies such as Gone Girl, Entourage, and I Feel Pretty.  Cool girl Woods was actually discovered by another model, Ash Stymest.  "I was literally at a bus stop in L.A. and Ash Stymest runs up to me and he's like 'Oye!' and I'm like, 'What the f**k? Who is this?'" she told CR Fashion Book in 2016.  "So we got close and he ended up being one of my best friends for a minute. And then Dave [Mushegain] started taking pictures of me. And then I came to New York and The Lions signed me. I've been working with them for a couple months and then they finally signed me a week ago or something like that." Woods has appeared in campaigns for Moschino and Calvin Klein and was named one of the faces of Fenty Beauty by Rihanna in 2017. In fact, the model is a regular muse to Rihanna herself and most recently walked her Savage x Fenty runway show at New York Fashion Week while nine months pregnant.  According to an interview with The Guardian, Dunn was spotted "mucking about"—not shopping, she corrects—in a Primark store when she was 15. She was approached by an agent from Storm Management, the same agency responsible for discovering Kate Moss. By 16, she was already walking in shows for Ralph Lauren and Marc Jacobs. Dunn has appeared as the face of Maybelline and in 2013, she was named Model of the Year at Harper's BAZAAR UK's Women of the Year Awards.  Aldridge was at her school carnival when she was discovered at the age of 16, according to Tatler. Her first job was a campaign for Abercrombie & Fitch. Since then, Aldridge has appeared in campaigns for Rag & Bone, Bobbi Brown, Coach, and been named a Victoria's Secret Angel, walking in the brand's runway show each year. The sweet-faced model got her claim to fame when she won a modeling contest for Dolly magazine at the age of 13 years old. Afterward, she moved to Brisbane to finish school and started modeling for Billabong. In 2004, she signed with NEXT Model Management and eventually signed a contract with Maybelline, later becoming the first Australian Victoria's Secret Angel.   The South African bombshell was unexpectedly discovered while shopping at a flea market. By the time she was 16, she was already modeling in Paris, according to Business Insider.  Along with being named a Victoria's Secret Angel in 2010, Swanepoel has walked the runway for several major designers including Fendi, Dolce & Gabbana, Michael Kors, and Chanel. In 2018, she launched her own swimwear line, Tropic of C. Iman said she had wanted to be a model her whole life. After turning 13, she and her aunt visited various modeling agencies around her home city of L.A. In a matter of weeks, she found herself signing with Ford.  In 2010, Iman became a Victoria's Secret Angel and starred in several of the company's campaigns. She's also appeared in campaigns for Dolce & Gabbana, DKNY, Bottega Veneta, Ralph Lauren, and many more.  Teigen's popularity reached viral status after she posed for Sports Illustrated, but Teigen was first scouted at a surf shop she worked at in Huntington Beach, California. Even then, she was not convinced. "For someone as insecure as I was, it didn't seem possible," she once told Vegas magazine. In 2010, she was Sports Illustrated swimsuit Rookie of the Year and later appeared on the 50th anniversary cover. Now signed to IMG Models, she's also a New York Times best-selling cookbook authorand the host of Lip Sync Battle.  When Kroes was an 18-year-old living in Holland, she sent photos of herself to an agency to earn some extra cash and was signed immediately. "I felt super-young coming from the north of Holland, and I went to Amsterdam only once before I went to New York. It was a really big adventure to go there," she told The Telegraph. In 2008, Kroes become a Victoria's Secret Angel and has been a regular on the runway since. She's also landed campaigns for brands like Valentino, Balmain, Mugler, and Stuart Weitzman.  "I wasn't discovered as such, my mum called Premier Models after seeing The Model Agency on Channel 4 and Carole White, Premier's founder signed me up straight away!" she told i-D in 2014. That same year, she became the first black model in 19 years to score a Prada campaign—the last one being Naomi Campbell.  Firth has walked in shows for Jean Paul Gaultier, Bottega Veneta, Marc Jacobs, and made her Victoria's Secret Fashion Show debut in 2013.  "I was in Cape Town on vacation with my grandmother and grandfather. We went to the grocery store after church and this guy came up to me and asked if I was a model and wrote his number on a piece of paper and my grandfather was like this is so shady," Prinsloo told Fashionista in 2009. "So we went home and told my parents about it and never did anything. And then the next time I was in Cape Town, Noelle [Doukas, daughter of Sarah Doukas, founder of Storm] came up to me and asked me to come into the agency. So I finally went in and signed with Sarah right there. I spent the summer in Cape Town and it went really well so they shipped me off to London." Prinsloo first debuted as a Prada/Miu Miu Exclusive. She became a Victoria's Secret Angel in 2009 and later designed the Behati Loves Pink swimsuit capsule collection for the brand. She has appeared in campaigns for H&M, Nina Ricci, DKNY, and Nine West.  "I was discovered at an Irish dance competition when I was 14. I was sitting with my friends and this older man came up to me and said, 'Have you ever thought of modeling?' I actually thought he was one of the security guards or someone who worked at this dance competition, and he was going to tell me to remove my feet from the fancy tables. All of us thought it was some kind of joke — or that this man needed glasses," Rocha told BuzzFeed in 2013.  Since then, Rocha has faced a number of campaigns including Versace, Chanel, Dior, and Dolce & Gabbana.  Heatherton started modeling after an unexpected run-in at the beach. An Abercrombie & Fitch scout approached her—not really "approached" as much as "ambushed"—from his cab and asked who represented her. "Modeling is not a normal career path in Skokie. I was embarrassed that he hadn't asked my friend to model, too, but my friend's mom was there and got his information. Later that year, I was in New York meeting with agencies, and that's when I began with Marilyn," she told Michigan Avenue Magazine in 2011. Heatherton has since walked for Stella McCartney, Chanel, Tommy Hilfiger, Michael Kors, Christian Lacroix, and more. She began walking in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 2008 and has become a featured face of the brand. In an essay published in Vogue, Iman recounts sitting for her first-ever shoot in Kenya with photographer Peter Beard.  Beard later took these photos back with him to New York, and his reputation as a fashion photographer gave Iman the credence and exposure  necessary to be catapulted into supermodel stardom. Although Banks is one of the most well-known supermodels in fashion today, it didn't start out as breezy as she can make it seem on the runway. She initially received rejections from different fashion agencies, some even saying that they "already have a black girl." Eventually, she signed on to Elite Model Management while she was still in high school. And the rest is history. Although Bella originally moved to New York City to study photography at Parsons School of Design, she ended up dropping out after one term when her modeling career began to skyrocket. She was signed on to IMG and made her New York Fashion Week debut in 2014.
 The trick to building a perfect wardrobe is getting your basics straight first. Targeting your boot game for the season should be high on the list here are five that you'll return to over and over again from daywear to after dark. The trick to building a perfect wardrobe is getting your basics straight first. Targeting your boot game for the season should be high on the list—here are five that you'll return to over and over again—from daywear to after dark. An ankle boot with a slim heel and subtly pointed toe can take the place of pumps in cooler weather and work with everything from skirts to denim. They're the thinking lady's boot. Shop it: Saint Laurent bootie: $895, barneys.com. Saint Laurent boots, $895, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Gianvito Rossi boots, $1,295, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Acne boots, $570, shopbop.com. SHOP Tibi boots, $650, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP A chunkier heel ankle bootie, preferably in a neutral hue goes the distance—both literally and figuratively. These are literally boots made for walking with the benefit of added height. Robert Clergerie boots, $750, stylebop.com. SHOP 3.1 Phillip Lim boots, $695, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Francesco Russo boots, $1,100, farfetch.com. SHOP Balenciaga boots, $995, stylebop.com. SHOP The particular moto boot your drawn to is subjective, of course, but the idea should be a bit edgy, definitely black and perhaps with just a hint of hardware. It's weekend done well. The Row boots, $1,390, barneys.com. SHOP Off-White boots, $1,100, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Givenchy boots, $1,395, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Altuzarra boots, $1,395, FWRD.com. SHOP Whether flat or heeled, over-the-knee boots lend a sultry vibe to jeans or dresses—not to mention their ability to make your legs look extra long. Stuart Weitzman boots, $825, stuartweitzman.com. SHOP Tory Burch boots, $598, mytheresa.com. SHOP Dorateymur boots, $663, farfetch.com. SHOP This is the bootie to pair with everything from filmy white dresses to denim cut-offs. It solves problems you didn't even know you had. Not just for the festival crowd—a good suede low boot is casual and cool. See by Chloe boots, $370, stylebop.com. SHOP Isabel Marant boots, $560, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Chloe boots, $1,390, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 Does it get any more Paris Fashion Week than this? Saint Laurent set the bar high on Day 1 of Paris Fashion Week by staging a nighttime show underneath the Eiffel Tower.  The French monument sparkled as the ultimate backdrop just moments before the Spring 2018 collection made its way down the catwalk. In terms of a show venue, could it possibly get any more Parisian than this? Models emerged on the runway as a smoke machine created a dusky glow and the glistening Eiffel Tower lit up  the distance. As for the collection, it was a mix of dramatic pouf silhouettes, fringe boots, embellished pieces, and leather mixed with lace. Kaia Gerber made her Paris Fashion Week debut in one of the pouf dresses in a black patent finish.   With a backdrop like that, however, it was hard to focus just on the clothes. 
 The unlikely pair stars in Gap's new campaign together.  As part of its fall campaign, Gap brought two completely opposite music icons together for an unexpected duet. The All-American brand tapped the legendary Cher to appear alongside rapper Future in the "Meet Me In The Gap" denim campaign, which features the two singing a rendition of Sly and the Family Stone’s "Everyday People." The unexpected collaboration is the final installment of Gap's ongoing campaign bringing diverse and culturally dynamic talents together to create inspiring works of art. In the video, the 71-year-old trailblazer and the 33-year-old rapper meet in a blank studio space reminiscent to Drake's "Hotline Bling" set to sing a duet (which is mostly just Cher singing solo because, DUH).  Both Cher and Future wear different washes of Gap's classic denim in the video, but the female style icon epically brought her own signature look to the campaign and wore a bedazzled sequin bodysuit underneath her denim jacket. “I love the idea of ‘Meet Me in the Gap’ because it’s easy to have common ground if you are really open and curious to people from different cultures,” Cher said in a statement released by the brand, “I didn’t know who Future was before this but I knew it would be so fun to work with someone who is completely unlike me, and who is young, really talented and striving.” Topping off an already inspiring and uplifting project helmed by Gap, the song choice of the 1969 hit, "Everyday People," feels especially fitting for the duo to sing today with lyrics that touch upon racism, sexism and coming together as one.  “As a brand, our heritage is rooted in being a beacon of hope and optimism while also bringing people together. Uniting two superstars like Cher and Future proves that no matter how different we seem, there is always a common thread that we just might not have discovered yet," Gap chief marketing officer Craig Brommers said on the campaign. 
 The fashion may be different, but their faces are identical. Kaia Gerber made her runway debut last night, further proving that she's following in her mom Cindy Crawford’s supermodel footsteps. The 16-year-old has often been described as the spitting image of her mother, but on her first catwalk yesterday, that was even more so—especially when compared to Crawford’s own debut. Gerber walked for Calvin Klein on Thursday night in a two-tone oxford shirt, yellow pants, blue turtleneck, yellow pants, and boots—a part of Raf Simon's take on Americana style. Her debut came 26 years after Crawford's, which was at Donna Karan's Spring 1991 collection.  The models couldn't have been dressed any more differently (fashion can change a lot in two and a half decades); Crawford sported an edgy-feminine ensemble clad with denim and gold chains while her daughter donned a more androgynous, color-blocked outfit. But their faces? Nearly identical. Crawford was about 24 when she first walked for Donna Karan, but Gerber got to hit that milestone eight years earlier. The supermodel has openly expressed how she's mentored her daughter as she makes her mark in the modeling world, so she was unsurprisingly proud when Kaia walked her first runway. "Congrats @KaiaGerber! What a way to kick off your first runway season!! So excited for you!" she wrote to her daughter on Instagram.   Congrats @KaiaGerber! What a way to kick off your first runway season!! So excited for you! A post shared by  Cindy Crawford (@cindycrawford) on Sep 8, 2017 at 11:16am PDT
 "The fact that I’m seeing a mannequin that actually looks like me is amazing." When Rihanna debuted her first Fenty collection at a New York City pop-up on Tuesday, people not only took notice of the clothes, but also the mannequins wearing them. These in-store models weren't the svelte, 24-inch-waist figures displayed at regular retail stores. These mannequins had curves.  One photo from the event, posted by @TeamOfRihanna, made its rounds on Twitter after fans noticed the mannequin in the picture had hips, full breasts, and a little belly.  "Here for this mannequin having hip dips and a little pooch," user @Chaantellie tweeted. "Wow this mannequin is shaped like me," wrote another. Others responded with similar joyous reactions of feeling represented.   "Rihanna’s vision for FENTY is to celebrate femininity in all its form," the brand told BAZAAR.com in a statement. "This Release 6-19 explores another facet of a woman’s wardrobe, one that honors all colors, shapes, curves and styles. We wanted to illustrate the Maison’s inclusive side by showing a size-range of mannequins which represent this reality." Here for this mannequin having hip dips and a little pooch https://t.co/ybZyHFwrlm i....think i look like a fenty mannequin??? dysmorphia has left the chat Wow this mannequin shaped like me 🥺 RT @TeamOfRihanna: FENTY. Release 6-19. @FentyOfficial pic.twitter.com/P6KMjtCwlR After Nike, Rihanna's #FENTY introducing curvy mannequin is surely a welcoming and world-changing idea! pic.twitter.com/0gNEXQKXEd Holy Shit! A mannequin with hip dips like me! First time I’ve ever seen this😍 fenty ruling the world https://t.co/yujhp1xqwD I was today years old when I seen my first mannequin with hip dips like me ! Thank you Fenty. https://t.co/Yztx9JEuHy The consistency of the FENTY brand in showcasing diversity is so admirable.The mannequin is black, curvy, and has a lil' under belly pouch too! I stan abeg. https://t.co/heiBf3nB5i okay pudge!!!!! come through hips!!!! the fact that i’m seeing a mannequin that actually looks like me is amazing. i always thought my body was wrong growing up bc i never saw an example that looked like me. thank you, Fenty. thank you, Rihanna. The body shapes of the mannequins varied in size; some seemed to have flatter stomachs, while some had thicker thighs. They might not have technically qualified as "plus size" figures, but with their familiar curves and dips, they resonated with real women. It's important to see as some high-fashion brands still struggle to embrace bigger sizes on the runway and in ads.  Inclusivity is a constant theme in Rihanna's brands. She launched Fenty Beauty with 40 shades of foundation, which especially benefitted people of color who've often had limited options of darker cosmetic shades to choose from. She included a plus-size collection in her Savage x Fenty lingerie line and featured models of various body sizes (including two pregnant women) in the runway show.     The size representation does not stop with her Fenty fashion line, which goes up to the French size 46 (size 14 in the U.S.). "We have our fit models, which is the standard size from factories, you just get your samples made in one size," Rihanna explained to E! News at the pop-up launch. "But then, I want to see it on my body, I want to see it on a curvy girl with thighs and a little bit of booty and hips." The singer-turned-designer, who's previously opened up about her "fluctuating body type," also credited her changing figure as something that guided her during the design process. "It's all of these things I take into consideration because I want women to feel confident in my stuff," she added.    Size diversity is just as impactful for consumers to see on mannequins as it is on runway models and actual clothes. Racked reported in 2017 that mannequins are the "strongest method of 'silent selling'" and one that "looks or is shaped like like the customer" is more likely to influence sales.  As The Guardian reported in 2015, the average mannequin has the following unrealistic measurements: six-foot height, 34-inch bust, 24-inch waist, and 34-inch hips. But the average American woman is about five foot three with a 38-inch waist, according to the CDC. Fenty isn't the only brand to embrace more realistic body types in its mannequins; J. C. Penny and David's Bridal have already done so, according to Racked, and Nordstrom and Target are adding shapelier mannequins to their stores, The Wall Street Journal reports. But with Fenty, a brand that stands alongside Dior, Givenchy, and Louis Vuitton in the LVMH conglomerate, Rihanna is bringing that change to a high-fashion space. 
 A crop of popular accounts are selling minimalism and a more sustainable approach to fashion influencing. We’ve all heard the popular Insta tropes: blue performs better than red, more posts are better than less, adding balloons helps engagement. Since the dawn of the Valencia filter, these were the unwritten rules influencers lived by in their mission to procure those ever-elusive followers. In other words, don’t whisper your images, scream them—and hope someone hears. But fashion influencers are beholden to the capricious whims of fashion (one minute you’re in, the next minute you’re out). What if there’s been a shift? As the algorithm continues to perplex and frustrate, as likes become harder to get, and followers leave faster than new ones come onboard, what if now, less is actually more on the ‘gram? There is a rising crop of “fashion influencers” skipping the blue, the red, and the balloons in favor of a neutral palette with gilded accents and an overall lack of color. It’s less about cupcakes or peonies, and more about Pierre Jeanneret chairs or a well-made cappuccino—and a growing community of Instagram’s more than 1 billion members are here for the makeunder. A post shared by Débora Rosa (@deborabrosa) on May 28, 2019 at 11:32am PDT It’s almost impossible to chart who started what trend on a platform like Instagram, but the O.G.s of what we’re calling the “Beige Movement” could be considered Pernille Teisbaek, Marie von Behrens of @MVB, Christie Tyler of @NYCBambi, and Debora Rosa, the tastemaker behind both her own namesake account and @fashiiongonerogue. There’s also Sylvie of @SylvieMus_, Tylynn Nguyen, Beatrice Gutu, Sophia Roe, and @oljaryz by Olja Ryzevski. They live in New York, Portugal, Copenhagen, Paris, and Berlin. Their feeds consist of selfies with dappled lighting, Franz Kline paintings, mid-century modern furniture, vintage cars, marble bathrooms, and buttery outfit posts. They garner inspiration from minimalism icons like the original Calvin Klein PR girl, the late Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy, post-NYU Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, and the original supermodels at their most pared back: Kate, Naomi, Christy. A post shared by Christie Tyler (@nycbambi) on Jun 2, 2019 at 8:25am PDT While Debora Rosa likes to stick to modern silhouettes in neutral, earthy tones for a timeless grid that she calls “masculine with a feminine twist,” Christie Tyler prefers a “melting pot of aesthetics” with vintage pieces sitting alongside her minimalist favorites.  “My aesthetic is very neutral focused, as you might be able to tell,” says Tyler, “but I also love classic vintage pieces that will last in any wardrobe.” What they, and accounts like theirs, have in common are the flagship brands on heavy Instagram rotation, including #OldCeline (Phoebe Philo continues her reign from beyond retirement), new Bottega Veneta, The Row, Gabriela Hearst, Christopher Esber, Peter Do (formerly of #OldCeline), newcomer Khaite, influencer-founded brand Totême, and The Frankie Shop. With 200,000 followers, Tyler, who recently graduated from university, has been slowly building her dedicated Instagram audience for five years. Her feed promotes “a sustainable wardrobe” where vintage and resale are not only welcome but celebrated (notice the Old in Old Céline). Because a good beige pant, a breezy white dress, and a great black sandal simply won’t go out of style.  “If you look at my Instagram, you will notice the same pieces, just styled differently,” explains Tyler. “It’s real life and a real wardrobe, which I think is nice for my followers to see because they can use the same piece and style it in their own ways too.” At its core, this type of simplicity seems poorly suited for the social media channel most associated with a capitalist’s dream of consumption: a place where logos rule and a rainbow of colors (or at least millennial pink and a saturated filter) are king. For this minimalist approach, less is literally more.  A post shared by Sylvie Mus (@sylviemus_) on Feb 22, 2019 at 8:46am PST “People feel overwhelmed with so many new things on offer every day,” says Rosa. “[My Instagram] is a way of avoiding over-consumption and mass production, a lifestyle of being comfortable with less clutter surrounding yourself and your life. With the fast pace of daily life, people want something timeless and chic that makes them feel comfortable and good about themselves every day.” She’s not wrong.  Americans on average buy more than five garments every month, and discard 70 pounds of garments every year, according to The Council for Textile Recycling. We are all suffering from shopping fatigue, and the message that these Instagram accounts are selling is a welcome antidote. It’s not simply that women should invest in timeless pieces. It’s that in 2019, with only 11 years to save the planet from irreversible damage, promoting an endless stream—or feed—of new, trendy, and often fast-fashion products is frankly passé. A post shared by Marie von Behrens (@mvb) on Jun 6, 2019 at 9:33am PDT These “neutral” accounts appeal to the woman who will save up for The Row sandals in summer, a Max Mara coat in winter, a Bottega Veneta clutch, or an heirloom Chanel 5.5. It's luxury that lasts. And at the very least, these posts make a stronger case for the ever-growing resale market. And doesn’t that make for a pretty picture? 
 Updated style in the palm of your hand. From Simon Miller's adorable bonsai bags to Staud's almost too-good-to-be-true price points to Lizzie Fortunato's pretty embroidered crossbodies—our go-to brands have created a new crop of It bags for your most stylish spring yet.  This playful bag in sunshine yellow screams spring.  Sara Battaglia bag, $480, shopbazaar.com SHOP A modern take on Jane Birkin's signature basket bag.  Brother Vellies basket, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP Go bold or go home with a perfectly color-blocked saddle bag that'll make your outfit pop.  Wandler bag, $635, shopbazaar.com SHOP Get a handle on your accessories situation.  Simon Miller bag, $390, shopbazaar.com SHOP Make a wish with this falling star embellished pouch.  Attico bag, $615, shopbazaar.com SHOP Come full circle with the shape that's elbowing its way through the streetstyle clutter. Mansur Gavriel bag, $1,095, shopbazaar.com SHOP Beach bound? Make sure your tote has enough room for your sunscreen, towel and latest issue of Harper's Bazaar. Truss tote, $295, shopbazaar.com SHOP Being green with envy never looked better.  Sara Battaglia clutch, $240, shopbazaar.com SHOP A wardrobe staple you don't have to wait a lifetime to save up for.  Staud bag, $350, shopbazaar.com SHOP A cherry on top is the ultimate finishing touch.  Lizzie Fortunato bag, $398, shopbazaar.com SHOP Not the paper lunch bag you'd bring to school as a child. Simon Miller bag, $485, shopbazaar.com SHOP Embrace the softer side of the season with pretty pastels. Senreve  bag, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Tracing the style evolution of the fashionable former FLOTUS. Tracing the style evolution of the former first lady, from her fashionable days in the White House and beyond. For more from the Obama family, see Sasha and Malia's style evolution here.. In a smart, white midi dress and tan wedges while walking around the streets of Tribeca in New York City. In a custom emerald green panther tuxedo by Peter Dundas for a speaking engagement about her book Becoming in Oslo.  In a Johanna Ortiz look while speaking to Jimmy Kimmel about her book Becoming at the Tacoma Dome in Tacoma, Washington.  First Lady Michelle Obama makes monochromatic chic in her silk orange top and tonal trousers. In a cobalt blue suit with flares of red, yellow, black, and turquoise.  In a sequined striped Balmain suit with a black v-neck top and heeled sandals on the set of The Tonight Show. In a pink silk suit and silver statement earrings for a stop on her book tour at the SAP Center in San Jose, California.  In a custom black crystal-embellished crepe tailored jacket and pants by Christopher Kane during her Becoming book tour in Washington, D.C. In a white blazer and wide-leg pant paired with white pumps, while chatting with Tracee Ellis Ross during a stop on her Becoming book tour in Inglewood, California.  In a white sequined off-the-shoulder top, white pants, and hot pink pumps while speaking with Oprah about her memoir at United Center in Chicago.  In a Jonathan Simkhai pinstripe pantsuit and Jennifer Fisher jewelry for an appearance on Good Morning America.  In a blue Akris suit with white piping, hoop earrings, and gray suede pumps during a round table discussion at Whitney M. Young Magnet High School in Chicago.  In a fringe detailed  Rachel Comey dress and pearl drop earrings for an interview on Today. In a denim-over-denim layered jacket, black skinny jeans by J Brand, and Mary Jane-style shoes at College Signing Day, an event honoring Philadelphia students for their pursuit of a college education or career in the military, at Temple University. In a navy blue long-sleeved asymmetrical wrap dress, styled with silver drop earrings at the unveiling of her official portrait at Smithsonian’s National Portrait Gallery. In a Rodarte embroidered floral tulle blouse and black trousers at the 2018 School Counselor of the Year Celebration in Washington, D.C. In an asymmetrical cashmere top by Tom Ford and high-waisted black trousers during her appearance on The Ellen Show.  In a two-tone plaid shirtdress with a pendant necklace and plum open-toe mary janes at Obama Foundation Summit in Chicago. In a cowl neck baby blue shirt and plaid gray pants at the inaugural Obama Foundation Summit in Chicago. In a black and white patterned dress with ankle strap pumps while speaking with David Letterman at The Streicker Center in New York City. In a striped black sheath dress with button accents and ankle-strap pumps with Shonda Rhimes at the Pennsylvania Conference For Women 2017. In a sheer-topped floral dress with Issa Rae at the Inbound convention in Boston. In a pink printed dress and white stilettos while speaking at The Women's Foundation of Colorado at Pepsi Center in Denver. In a striped wrap dress, cat eye sunglasses, silver hoop earrings, and nude pumps in Manhattan. In a one-shoulder pink blouse, distressed white jeans, white sandals, white crossbody bag, black rounded sunglasses, and hoop earrings while out in Montalcino, Italy. In a striped top and corset belt while speaking during the Partnership for a Healthier America Summit in Washington, DC.  In a royal blue one-shoulder cape gown with dangling cobalt earrings as Barack Obama accepts the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award. In a belted black and white dress with bell sleeves, while talking about the Obama Presidential Center with her husband Barack at the South Shore Cultural Center in Chicago. In her first public appearance since the inauguration, former FLOTUS Michelle Obama sported a neutral sundress by Lafayette 158 and strappy wedges at the AIA Conference on Architecture in Orlando, Florida. The First Lady wears a black zippered knee-length dress by Givenchy with silver pumps on The Tonight Show.
 The official new 9-to-5 pump is here.  Kicking off day one of New York Fashion Week, Tom Ford brought a much-needed dose of female empowerment to the runway.  The designer's Fall 2018 collection was filled with '80s-inspired looks including neon colors, an abundance of leopard print, oversized headbands, ultra-glam earrings and more. But what stood out most on the high-impact runway were the sparkling accessories donning the words "PUSSY POWER" in all caps.  Topping off an all-black look, it was impossible to ignore the statement-making, crystal-encrusted bag dangling from a model's arm—the words "Pussy Power" bolded, capitalized and sparkling in crystals (as they always should be, of course).  The TOM FORD Women’s FW18 Show. #TOMFORD #TOMFORDFW18 #NYFW pic.twitter.com/vCAYNESIiW And because every modern-day working woman also needs the perfect pair of 9-to-5 pumps for the office, Tom Ford also designed a matching pair of sparkling "Pussy Power" heels. Done in the perfect shade of hot pink, the square-toed slingback heels make for the ultimate update on the '80s Working Girl pump.   The TOM FORD Women’s FW18 Show. #TOMFORD #TOMFORDFW18 #NYFW pic.twitter.com/OrG9QAmJIT  Perfect for making an entrance into your next board meeting, marching on Washington or angrily stomping in as you dial your senator, we could all use a pair of "Pussy Power" pumps in our life in 2018.  With six days left of Fall 2018 shows at New York Fashion Week, this is likely only the beginning of designers making feminist statements on the runway. Given our country's current political climate—combined with the ongoing #TimesUp and #MeToo movements amongst women—it's safe to say we can only expect more moments of female empowerment through fashion this week. 
 "How could one not be astonished by such beauty?" At the stroke of midnight, Rihanna's highly-anticipated 2019 Savage X Fenty show finally premiered on Amazon Prime Video. In behind-the-scenes footage, the singer-turned-designer talks about "not trying to make history," but everything she did on that runway made history. Like last year's show, it was all about the celebration of women's bodies and sexuality in an inclusive and diverse environment. There were women of all sizes, races, ethnicities, trans women, disabled women.  “Every woman deserves to feel sexy. We are sexy, we are multi-faceted and I want women to embrace that to the fullest," Rihanna explains in the intro to the Amazon special.  IT'S NOT JUST A FASHION SHOW BUT A WHOLE FESTIVAL OF WOMEN'S POWER, BODY ACCEPTANCE, POSITIVITY AND INCLUSIVITY AND A RIHANNA'S FRIGGIN SAVAGE FENTY SHOW!!!#SavageXFentyShow pic.twitter.com/2TtklvxrPq Unlike any lingerie show or ad of the past, Rihanna's Savage X Fenty is shown through the female lens. It wasn't about catering to what men want, it was about women defining and taking control of their own sexiness—on their own terms. And as millions of women watched the show, they were noticeably moved by the fact.   I’m watching the  #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW and getting bossebumps !! Women come in all shapes, shades and we’re ALL sexy!! Rihanna is so fucking inspirational !! 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽 Her creativity, work ethic and inclusion is UNMATCHED !   me after watching the #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW realizing Rihanna literally broke the fashion industry “standards” by having models of all orientation, color, size, and beauty, out of this world performances, and having a runway show that’ll be remembered for a long time. Riri did THAT. pic.twitter.com/heFMpEP3n4   Put aside the INSANE performances and choreo.This woman put every type of woman in her show- POC, plus size, trans, women with disabilities- everyone! And they all looked SEXY AF. Rihanna’s stomping on every other lingerie company’s neck.  #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/NazdNpkz8t  “I’m looking for unique characteristics in people that aren’t usually highlighted in the world of fashion as it pertains to lingerie and sexy, or what society sees as sexy," Rihanna explained when working on model casting in behind-the-scenes footage of the Amazon stream.  On Twitter, people were quick to notice the difference her diverse runway casting made them feel while watching the show:   @rihanna had women of all shapes, sizes and complexions in this and not only that, AT THE FOREFRONT doing bad gal moves. She didn’t bring them just to hide them in the back. Ms Fenty should be so proud of herself. ❤️ #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW   I’ve never, ever, in 39 years, watched a fashion show. Because as a bigger woman, it always made me feel bad about my body. @SavageXFenty and @rihanna changed that today...someone finally gets it. Bravo to this team of amazing people. #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW 👏🏼 #wearebeautiful 🙌🏼 Can't put into words how much I LOVE @Rihanna's #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW She described it as a fashion musical but it was so much more. The empowerment she gave to all involved!! Every woman on stage is fearless! @ParrisGoebel's choreography 🤤 It should replace Victoria's Secret   real women with REAL women bodies were in the show and I LOVE that. Show these girls it's okay to have different bodies and stop letting society tell you different  #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW   Rihanna made it a point to showcase different body types of women from different backgrounds. They were front in center. Beautiful. Sexy. Inclusive. 💖💖💖💖💖 #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW She had amputees, trans, drag queens, performances, choreography. #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/qugQaH82an   #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW so obsessively planned to every detail yet effortessly executed. Everything from the music, dancers, stage design, collection, every ethnicity and gender represented. In awe of the 50 minutes. This is how fashion always should be. Powerful. Inclusive. SAVAGE!! pic.twitter.com/Hh7dRefbBd I love how there isn’t one type of women in each of these sections. All different sizes of women dancing next to each other. #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW Rihanna really had all genders on stage from men, women, trans, to non conforming. She had drag queens and super models sharing the stage with rap super stars. How could one not be astonished by such beauty? #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/u8riXBb9r7  Today is the day when Rihanna endend racism, sexism, homophobia, biphobia with a fashion show. #SavageXFentyShow pic.twitter.com/QBLI8js5jg Many were also moved by the disabled representation and inclusion of amputee models on the runway:  Rihanna, raising the bar for us all regarding disability inclusivity 👑!!#SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/ybfxvcPSR0 rihanna had somebody with AMPUTATED LEGS walking her show. queen of inclusiveness. queen of diversity.  #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/JtqvFZWWpl And of course, the overall being of Rihanna herself made people emotional watching too. Many noted her work ethic as inspiring to watch during the special:   Rihanna is a ROLE MODEL. A QUEEN!! A BOSS!!! A VISIONARY!  #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW watching beyoncé and rihanna work is so inspiring, i will never be lazy. god bless paris.god bless rihanna.god bless normani.god bless the diversity of all the dancers. god bless rih's team for never disappointing. #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/LO9l0RkjXK After watching the  #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW I feel so powerful and inspired to create content! To step outside my comfort zone, go after the things that make my heart happy and empower women to do the same ☺️ Moral of the story? Bow down to the visionary that is Rihanna, who is lifting us all up one by one. And show your support by shopping the latest Savage X Fenty pieces straight from the runway.  A yellow bra similar to the look Bella Hadid wore on the Savage X Fenty runway.  The underwear Bella Hadid wore on the Savage X Fenty runway. The logo bra Gigi Hadid wore on the Savage X Fenty runway. The logo underwear Gigi Hadid wore on the Savage X Fenty runway. The printed bra Normani wore on the Savage X Fenty show.   
 You can get your hands on Justin Bieber's loafers or JLo's jumpsuit. eBay is partnering with A-List celebrity stylists Karla Welch, Ilaria Urbinati, Marni Senofonte, Mariel Haenn, and Rob Zangardi to launch their first "Fall Stylist Sale." Each stylist has donated pieces from their personal collection, as well as styles worn or inspired by their celebrity clientele. All of the of proceeds are going to a charity of the stylist's choice. Some of the 60+ pieces include a pair of  Balenciaga loafers worn by Justin Bieber, a Michael Costello jumpsuit worn by J.Lo while hosting the American Music Awards, and a custom body suit worn by Gwen Stefani in her 2016 music video for "Misery."  Here are some highlights from the sale, which you can shop now on eBay.com. Michael Costello jumpsuit worn by Jennifer Lopez while hosting the 2015 American Music Awards.  SHOP NOW Balmain quilted leather loafers worn by Justin Bieber. SHOP NOW Brian Atwood lace up heels worn by Krystin Ritter. SHOP NOW Beychella sweatshirt. SHOP NOW Custom bodysuit worn by Gwen Stefani in the 2016 video for "Misery."  SHOP NOW Zoe Karssen tiger detailed bomber jacket. SHOP NOW Calvin Klein trench coat.  SHOP NOW Keith Haring x Coach booties. SHOP NOW Levi's reversible sherpa jacket from Levis x Karla collaboration.  SHOP NOW Levi's reversible sherpa jacket from Levis x Karla collaboration.  SHOP NOW Breaking Hearts & Burning Rubber leather moto jacket. SHOP NOW Gucci sunglasses.  SHOP NOW Givenchy lucite heels. SHOP NOW Givenchy lucite heels. SHOP NOW Gucci silk blouse, the same style that was featured in Beyonce's "Formation" music video. SHOP NOW Off-White jumpsuit. SHOP NOW Valentino bag. SHOP NOW
 The magical Spring 2019 show took place in the midst of a rainstorm. A little rain couldn't hinder Rodarte's highly anticipated return to New York Fashion Week. After a few seasons of showing in Paris, designers Kate and Laura Mulleavy brought their Spring 2019 collection back to New York for a magical outdoor show on the Lower East Side last night—in the midst of a rainstorm, no less.  Models were escorted to the runway, which was held in the middle of New York's Marble Cemetery, under large umbrellas (also used to shield those attending the show). For a brand known for its ethereal, yet moody aesthetic, the dark and drizzly moment couldn't have been more perfect for a collection filled with ultra-feminine tulle, floral headpieces, and stunning gowns.    Despite the rain showers, Rodarte's romantic, drama-filled gowns came to life on the outdoor runway of graves—a giant metaphor in itself. For spring, the Mulleavys looked to fairytale-worthy dresses done in a range of hues from reds to pinks, blues, and even striking shades of fuchsia and violet.  It was a reminder of the dreaminess that had been missing from the New York Fashion Week calendar since Rodarte left the schedule two years ago.    Amplifying the romanticism of it all, the gowns were accessorized with sculptural floral headpieces and Art Deco-inspired metal stars. The makeup looks, featuring bright and bold eye shadows and blush inspired by Picasso paintings, were the icing on the cake of an already breathtaking runway show.   Welcome back to #NYFW, @rodarte. The beauty editors thank you dearly for coming back. A post shared by  Jenna Rosenstein (@jennarosenstein) on Sep 9, 2018 at 4:06pm PDT Welcome back, Rodarte. New York missed you. 
 The designer has died at the age of 77. The fashion world mourns a legend today, with the news that the Tunisian-born couturier Azzedine Alaïa has died at the age of 77.  Famous for his precisely cut dresses that celebrated the female form, he was known for flouting the traditional fashion system, and achieving world renown on his own terms.  Largely known for his close relationships with iconic models such as his "adopted daughter" Naomi Campbell, Alaïa's admirers spread far and wide and include influential designers such as Alber Elbaz, Nicolas Ghesquière and María Grazia Chiuri, as well as modern icons including Michelle Obama, Grace Jones and Tina Turner. Alaïa enjoyed a unique level of cult-like fame, rivalled only by the likes of Rei Kawakubo and Martin Margiela. Known for being a notorious perfectionist, and affectionately dubbed the "king of cling," he was born to wheat farmers in Tunisia where he later studied sculpture, a background that would later surface in his work. Alaïa would go on to begin a career in fashion in Paris where he eventually joined the team at Christian Dior for a short-lived stint at the house. Work with Guy Laroche and a string of private society clients followed. "From two seasons at Guy Laroche, I learned how. From the last elegant women in the world, I learned what," he once said.  Alaïa's fervent fan base grew from there, as women sought him out for his sexy, sculptural work that highlighted the body, rather than concealed it.  He was particularly famous for his iconic shows of the Eighties and Nineties, which often featured the original Supermodels Naomi Campbell—whose career he helped build after unofficially "adopting" her at the age of 16—Cindy Crawford and Linda Evangelista.  Meanwhile, his dinner parties in Paris were famous experiences unto themselves, mostly because one never knew what famous faces would be in attendance. Guests ranged from the pop-culture A-list (Rihanna) to fashion elite (Rei Kawakubo). The couturier made headlines this past July when he returned to the Paris catwalk to present his first couture collection in six years, re-awakening his loyal fan base while gaining new followers through the frenzy his return created on social media. Alaïa had planned to open a shop in London in 2018. 
From: ELLE UK

 Style staples for every corner of the globe. The dream vacation requires the perfect recipe: take one spectacular destination, mix in a luxurious hotel and top it off with a perfectly curated wardrobe. Et voilà, the ultimate trip is achieved.  Whether you're craving a tropical island paradise, searching for a desert escape, counting on a lakeside retreat or planning a bustling city adventure, it's essential that your wardrobe is tailored to fit. Ras Al Khaimah, Al Wadi Desert Thanks to its desert location, Ras Al Khaimah, the northernmost emirate of the United Arab Emirates, enjoys temperatures of over 104°F from May to September, with suitably balmy temperatures throughout the rest of the year - even in January and December the mercury barely dips below 77°F. This calls for breezy pieces in lightweight fabrics, anchored by statement accessories. A maxi dress is the ultimate holiday staple, combining lightweight, uncreasable ramie fabrication (perfect for packing) with a truly timeless silhouette that looks just as good worn over a swimsuit to lounge barefoot by the side of your private pool at The Ritz-Carlton, Ras Al Khaimah, Al Wadi Desert or dressed up with heels or classic sandals for dinner under the dreamy desert sky. Just add sandals in colour-pop yellow and the newly-cult bamboo bag for the perfect Ras Al Khaimah look. Almost a Honeymoon maxi dress, Three Graces London; Hoop link metal earrings, Marni; Oran sandals, Hermes; Henrietta Timeless hat, Maison Michel; Luna basket bag, Cult Gaia. Lake Tahoe, Sierra Nevada Head to Lake Tahoe for a picturesque mountain setting rich in nature, water and uninterrupted sweeping vistas. From hiking to water sports to golf, there are endless activities to enjoy. Keep your holiday wardrobe practical and comfortable so you can adapt to any adventure that takes your fancy. Opt for a functional, sporty swimsuit that you can layer under statement shorts. Add a logo tee, super-practical belt bag and comfy-yet-cool Birkenstocks so that you’re as ready for a mountainside picnic as you are a spot of paddle boarding, and enjoy being surrounded by natural beauty. If you're planning on an activity-packed getaway, there's no better place to stay than the The Ritz-Carlton, Lake Tahoe, with exclusive access to the Lake Club including direct beach access and a private boat pier. There's a slope-side spa, mountain experiences and more. In the winter months you'll find it to be the perfect resort for all your skiing desires. Pleated cotton-gabardine shorts, Johanna Ortiz; T-shirt, Ganni; Farrah swimsuit, Lisa Marie Fernandez; Nylon belt bag, Prada; Arizona sandals, Birkenstock. Hong Kong Hong Kong is a region rich in culture, from theatres, museums, unrivalled shopping and historical sites to its phenomenal skyline. Choose comfort and style in equal measure for days spent venturing around the many sights Hong Kong has to offer, while basing yourself at the luxurious The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong.  Look for brands that offer cool-yet-comfortable pieces that don’t compromise on aesthetics. Light and airy dresses are ideal for Hong Kong’s warm, humid climate, while eco-friendly sneakers will keep your sight-seeing feet (and the environment) happy. Add bold accessories, like heart-shaped sunglasses and chunky gold earrings for extra personality, and sling on a carry-all bucket bag, the perfect size for all your everyday essentials. Charron maxi dress, Ganni; LouLou sunglasses, Saint Laurent; Esplar trainers, Veja; Gold-toned earrings, Zara; Suede mini bucket bag, Mansur Gavriel. Grand Cayman White sands, crystal clear seas and azure skies, Grand Cayman is the jewel in the crown of the Caribbean Sea and the biggest of the three Cayman Islands. Enjoy the relaxed pace of the island, with beach strolls, picnics and wine tasting among the most pleasurable pastimes. But if you’re feeling more active, the island also offers spectacular settings for diving, snorkeling - day or night - and water sports. Make the most of the tropical sunshine with a palette of bold brights - happiness in sartorial form. Whether you do a lot or little, it’s up to you. Whatever your day plans, stay in a hotel that matches the beauty of the island. The Ritz-Carlton, Grand Cayman boasts two outdoor pools, golf and tennis courts plus La Prairie spa, just a stone's throw from Seven Mile Beach. Rio bikini top, Mara Hoffman; Lydia bikini bottom, Mara Hoffman; Katinka gingham dress, Mara Hoffman; Iris Pearls sandals, Ancient Greek Sandals; Macrame tote, Nannacay. Geneva Geneva’s calling card is its majestic landscape - from the sweeping vista provided by the Alps to the still serenity of Lake Geneva. Whether you take in some of the many museums, visit the artisan workshops of Carouge, the Italian city in Geneva, explore the old town, hit the shops or cruise the lake, it’s all about taking things down a gear and enjoying life in the slow lane amongst breathtaking scenery. And for ultimate relaxation, enjoy a room with a view at The Ritz-Carlton Hotel de la Paix, Geneva. Surrounded by Lake Geneva and Mont-Blanc, the hotel is equally majestic on its interior and even offers a Grace Kelly suite modelled on the former Princess of Monaco's timeless aesthetic. For your wardrobe, consider chic separates that can be easily dressed up or down for dinner or day. Linen is the perfect fabric for the city’s pleasant climate; look to beautiful, simple pieces that focus on silhouette. Add subtle slides, a holds-everything basket bag and piece of heirloom-like jewellery for an understated look that screams sophistication. Maldives linen blouse, Vita Kin; Strawberry Field linen trousers, Vita Kin; Ellen satin sandals, The Row; Bea choker, Alighieri; Rope bucket bag, Catzorange. To add to your travel experience, explore Marriott Moments. From champagne tasting to gourmet cooking courses, the premier rewards initiative unlocks doors as you discover the world. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Smart outfits that'll take you from work to play. After a few dormant months of winter hibernation, warm weather is finally about to kick in. Of course, that means the plans are too: drinks after work on Friday, checking out a new show at the art museum on Saturday, catching up over brunch on Sunday. The tricky part is curating a closet to ensure you look on point for all of them. Here, five fresh looks that work just as well for your work day as they do the weekend. Consider them the outfits that work for you. From Coffee Meeting to Cocktails  SOREL Ella Slip-On, $90; Abel earrings, $120; Michael Lo Sordo blazer, $520; Topshop t-shirt, $25; Michael Lo Sordo Shorts, $270 Metallic footwear has been one of the season's biggest trends. When paired with a matching blazer and shorts combo, silver slip-ons are polished enough for the office but cool enough to break out on the weekend. When it comes to accessories, think simple: a classic tee and slim silver earrings. Indoor Screens to Rooftop Scenes SOREL Ella Criss Cross, $75; Leigh Miller earrings, $389; Merlette blouse, $300; Merlette skirt, $380; Officina del Poggio bag Comfort doesn't have to mean sloppy. This cotton poplin top and skirt combo work feel effortlessly chic when paired with simple sandals, perfect for all-day comfort at the office or browsing the Sunday farmer's market. Make it pop with accessories in a range of textures, like brushed gold hoop and a textural straw bag. From Desk to Date SOREL Ella Slide, $75; George Keburia sunglasses, $200; Edas bag, $435; Lisa Marie Fernandez dress, $795 With its longer hemline and flowy fit, a midi dress has enough coverage to make it work-appropriate without being too stuffy to break out for a drinks date—especially when worn with simple slides that are meeting-appropriate and comfortable enough to walk around in past 5pm. Go for low-profile accessories like slim cat-eye sunglasses and a little-but-ladylike bag. From Client Meetings to Meeting the Parents SOREL Ella Sandal, $80; Toteme t-shirt, $120; Ora-C earrings, $173; Rylan Studio bag, $590; Faithfull the Brand pants, $190 Looking professional at the office doesn't always require heels. For a look that's simultaneously relaxed and serious, try wearing high-rise, wide-leg linen trousers with flat sandals in a neutral hue. Accessories like mixed metal earrings and a rattan crossbody bag add intrigue without straying too far from the color scheme. It's profesh enough to win a new client AND make a good impression with future in laws. From Full Inbox to Five-Star Dinner SOREL Ella Lace-Up, $110; Paula Mendoza bracelet; L'Afshar bag, $790; Annie Costello Brown earrings, $290; Mara Hoffman dress, $550 When it really starts to heat up, try a sleeveless turtleneck dress for cool minimalism that doesn't bare too much skin for work. Play off the stark lines of the dress with accessories that are bold in their restraint, like gladiator sandals, slim jewelry and a fuss-free bag devoid of excess design elements. It's the perfect item to help you feel in control during a busy work day, and polished enough for night.
 The fashion girl's updated guide to wearing a pantsuit.  With fall fashion officially underway, there are plenty of new trends and styles to try now. But if you're going to commit to one new look this season, make it the pantsuit. Serving up some empowering Working Girl vibes, the power suit is back and in full force for fall. Whether you want to try the '80s-inspired check blazer, an ultra-feminine pink pantsuit, or a mini skirt suit, there's a take on the look for everyone to test drive. Get inspired with these 12 fresh ways to style the suit this season.      The perfect neutral for your fall wardrobe, a menswear-inspired gray checked suit can be worn an endless amount of ways—from the office to a night out. Add a touch of femininity to the look in the form of accessories.  SHOP THIS SUIT NOW For a more casual take, style your suit with a plain white tee and sneakers that don't make the look feel so buttoned up.   SHOP SIMILAR SUIT SEPARATES A cropped pair of trousers makes way for a more playful shoe opportunity. For a suiting look outside the office, try a cropped top instead of a blouse.  SHOP SIMILAR SUIT SEPARATES Go oversized or go home this season. Think '80s-like shoulders and boxy silhouettes that look like you took them from your boyfriend's closet.  SHOP SIMILAR SUIT SEPARATES Modernize the classic pantsuit by mixing and matching contrasting jackets and trousers. The end result is still polished, but a little more unexpected. SHOP SIMILAR SUIT SEPARATES Embrace two of fall's hottest trends at once by defining your waist with a belt bag layered over your blazer.  SHOP GUCCI BELT BAG Channel the '90s with a shortened version of the classic suit, whether it's with a pair of shorts or a mini skirt. SHOP THIS SUIT NOW Take a page from Blake Lively's book of risk-taking summer suits and opt for big color and pattern that's instantly statement-making in its own right.   SHOP SIMILAR SUIT SEPARATES For an unexpected (and ultra-sexy) going-out look, style a suit with a lacy bra instead of a top.   SHOP SIMILAR SUIT SEPARATES Layer your suit over a turtleneck for a fall and winter-friendly ensemble.    SHOP THE PERFECT LAYERING TURTLENECK Keep it sleek with streamlined accessories: a clean white t-shirt, simple strappy heels, and dainty gold jewelry. SHOP SIMILAR SUIT SEPARATES Give yourself more of an hourglass silhouette with a belted blazer jacket.  SHOP SIMILAR SUIT SEPARATES  
 It's all in the hair. From landing her first beauty campaign to walking her first fashion month, Kaia Gerber is the biggest breakout star of the year. But as the 16-year-old continues to make a name for herself, the inevitable comparisons to her supermodel mom, Cindy Crawford, carry on. How could they not, though, with mother-daughter similarities as spot-on as theirs? Now the latest subject of comparison is their Versace campaigns. After walking for the designer in Milan this September (in the same show as her mom), Gerber landed a place in the brand's supermodel-filled ads, costarring with icons (and her mother's contemporaries) like Naomi Campbell and Christy Turlington. The teen poses in a pale blue logo tee, pants, and mini bag while sporting Versace medallions as jewelry, but the best part of her look is her massive hair.  The voluminous 'do is reminiscent of Crawford's in her Gianni Versace ads 30 years ago, in the Spring 1987 season. Even her and Gerber's facial expressions are the same, from their arched brows to their slightly-open mouths. Whether or not it was intentional, Gerber's mirroring of her mother is appropriate in her campagin, which features the Gianni Versace tribute collection, and nods to the past while looking ahead to the future. "This campaign represents the link between past and present. You need to know who you are, and where you are coming from, to build your future," Donatella Versace, who artistically directed the shoot, said of the ads. That explains why promising up-and-comers costar with iconic supers. Sounds like an ordinary day in the Gerber-Crawford household. 
 Look and feel magnificent.  Roughin' it has never looked so chic! Ring in winter weather this holiday season with lush furs, cozy velvets, and luxurious brocades for every facet of your life — fashion, beauty, home and more! Shop what top picks made our gift list now.  Dolce & Gabbana dress, $2,675, farfetch.com BUY NOW Aquazzura velvet boot, $1,150, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW Jose & Maria Barrera necklace, $1,390, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Tom Ford Velvet Orchid Duo, $122, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Jimmy Choo clutch, $3,850, netaporter.com BUY NOW DeNiatFleur preserved roses, $200, etsy.com BUY NOW Rhode Resort dress, $415, shopbazaar.com BUY NOW Chantecaille highlighter, $79, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Jocelyn mittens, $70, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Nº21 sandals, $870, farfetch.com BUY NOW Dolce & Gabbana skirt, $1,695, farfetch.com BUY NOW Christian Louboutin lipstick in rouge louboutin, $90, sephora.com BUY NOW Etro coat, $2,460, netaporter.com BUY NOW Baccarat vase, $620, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW NO. 21 bag, $855, netaporter.com BUY NOW Kevyn Aucoin brush collection, $650, sephora.com BUY NOW Missoni dress, $2,300, netaporter.com BUY NOW Byredo Velvet Haze eau de parfum, $150, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Marchesa Notte gown, $1,295, netaporter.com BUY NOW White + Warren beanie, $120, whiteandwarren.com BUY NOW Tateossian cufflinks, $295, mr.porter.com BUY NOW Lizzie Fortunato necklace, $345, shopbazaar.com BUY NOW Elisabeth Weinstock boxing gloves, $1,450, ahalife.com BUY NOW Vita Fede earrings, $1,100, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Givenchy velvet foundation, $54, sephora.com BUY NOW Saint Laurent sandals, $995, farfetch.com BUY NOW Neiman Marcus glasses, $245, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW  Saint Laurent dress, $1,990, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Moroccanoil texture spray, $28, sephora.com BUY NOW Valentino dress, $6,700, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW
 The luxury brand is about to make its U.S. retail debut with a pop-up at The Webster. Update, 6/11/19: Good news for U.S. shoppers who've been waiting to try Rihanna's Fenty on IRL: the new brand is about to make its retail debut in New York.  On June 19, Fenty will take over The Webster in Soho for a pop-up shop of the new collection. The space will take over the first two floors of the luxury boutique (located at 29 Greene Street) through June 30. This marks the first time the Rihanna-helmed brand will be available to shop in a store outside of Paris, following its launch in May.  For those who can't wait until June 19th to shop Fenty, the first drop is already available to buy online at fenty.com.    Original Article, 5/29/19: Fenty is here. Earlier this month, LVMH and Rihanna confirmed they were launching a new luxury fashion house together: Fenty. And now that the brand has made its official debut in Paris, we finally have a full look at the Rihanna-designed collection.  A newly-released lookbook shows a range of denim pieces, elevated shirting, structured T-shirts, blazers, and wide-leg trousers in Fenty's first installment. The silhouettes feature a mix of cinched waists, strong, voluminous shoulders, and pleated details.  The collection also includes accessories, featuring a range of fanny packs, jewelry, strappy pointed sandals, and sporty eyewear. Rihanna did not come to play. 
 In a teaser video released before the brand's official launch, Rihanna makes quick (and sleuthy) cameos while styling looks from her first Fenty collection. She styles a diverse lineup of models in all monochromatic looks for a series of different photos.  
  Amongst the looks are all-white ensembles—including denim, separates, and shirt dresses. The outfits are all styled with sporty sunglasses and strappy sandals.  Similar styles appear in the official campaign images, shot by Glen Luchford.    The launch of the new brand will make for a historic one. It marks the first time LVMH has introduced and built a new brand since Christian Lacroix in 1987. More importantly, Rihanna will be the first woman of color to oversee a fashion house under LVMH.  "Women are forces of this earth. We are multifaceted, complex, vulnerable yet bulletproof, and FENTY speaks to all of our intricacies," Rihanna said in a statement from the brand. "Some days I want to be submissive, many days I’m completely in charge and most days I feel like being both....so it was imperative that we created a line versatile enough to embrace and celebrate us in that way. The collections are easily worn together and meant to be staples in our wardrobe. I’m just hyped to see people in my clothes, man." Bad Gal Riri herself modeled pieces from the new collection as well in a profile with New York Times Style Magazine. The rest of us will get to shop Fenty's new collection on May 29th, when it officially launches online at fenty.com. Or if you're in Paris, you can shop the new range at a pop-up store on May 24th. 
 Bonus: most of them are currently on sale.  Denim has always been one of our favorite go-to summer fabrics. From skinny to wide-legs jeans, cutoff shorts, and of course, the ubiquitous denim jacket, you just can’t go wrong with the versatile fabric. So why not wear denim in shoe form too? The perfect unexpected neutral, denim sandals make for a chic everyday shoe that will go with nearly everything in your summer wardrobe. Click through to shop our favorites of the season.  Your new everyday summer shoe, these low-heeled denim sandals will go with virtually everything in your closet.  Lucky Brand sandals, $90 on sale for $53, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW With a touch of gold and ruffled detailing, these denim mules will add a little something extra to every look this season.  Kate Spade New York mules, $298 on sale for $156, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP NOW 50% off: I repeat, these must-have frayed denim sandals are finally on sale and just waiting to be worn all summer long.  Charlotte Olympia sandals, $545 on sale for $272, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW From the beach to a day of running errands, wear these denim mules for any and every casual outing.  Ancient Greek Sandals sandals, $235 on sale for $118, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Add a little flair to your summer fit with these embroidered lace-up sandals. Tabitha Simmons embroidered sandals, $684 on sale for $547, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW For more of a subtle take on the trend, these summery Jaggar mules are complete with denim heels.  Jaggar mules, $128, revolve.com. SHOP NOW For those who love a dark wash jean, these Schutz sandals make for the perfect pair to top off your sundresses. Schutz sandals, $200, schutz-shoes.com. SHOP NOW These denim pumps make for the perfect summer office shoe.  Alexa Chung slingback heels, $425 on sale for $170, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW The ultimate summer shoe, these denim and espadrille wedges will top off all your breezy sundresses perfectly.   Dolce Vita espadrille wedges, $100, dolcevita.com. SHOP NOW Wear these knotted mule heels with trousers or a dress for an unexpected, but chic shoe choice.  Charlotte Olympia mules, $575 on sale for $402, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Who says you can't wear denim for a sexy night out? These strappy Gianvito Rossi heels instantly take any look to the next level. Gianvito Rossi sandals, $835, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP NOW Channel the '70s with a pair of denim platforms that works for daytime or a night out.  Nine West platform sandals, $129, ninewest.com. SHOP NOW
 It all started when Kendall was 15 years old. Kendall Jenner made her Victoria's Secret Fashion Show debut in 2015, but she (and her mother, Kris) were already making connections with the brand years before that. Kendall was only 15 when she told her mom it was her dream to become a Victoria's Secret Angel someday, designer Tommy Hilfiger recalled in a conversation with Kris Jenner at WWD's CEO Summit. So the Kardashian matriarch did what she could to make her daughter's dream a reality, but there was a problem—she didn't "know really anybody in the modeling industry," she revealed. However, it was when she was on a flight home from New York that Kris found a way in. Jenner came across a documentary on renowned Victoria's Secret photographer, Russell James, whom she called "the guy who could really discover VS models." When she got home, she researched him, somehow found his phone number, and left him a voicemail where she told him about Kendall and asked to meet with him. Eventually, James did call her back. Kris and the family were having lunch with her mother in San Diego—while filming Keeping Up with the Kardashians, no less—when the photographer returned her call. "This is Russell James and I would love to meet your daughter," Jenner recalled him saying on the phone. They set up a meeting with him and Kendall 10 days later at their house. "I said to Kendall, look, go upstairs and put on your cutest party dress," Kris remembered telling her daughter. "Brush your hair, put on your party shoes, and when he gets here, come downstairs." Kendall ultimately wore platform shoes, skinny jeans, and a cute top, but she made an impression on James nonetheless. "He said, 'You're right, she's beautiful, and I can't wait to work with her,'" Jenner said. James went on to shoot Kendall for his photography book, Angels, which released the year before her VS runway debut). Jenner ultimately walked the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show for the first time in 2015, and returned in 2016. However, she won't be present for this year's show due to a conflicting contract with another lingerie brand she models for, La Perla. 
 
 Same.  Known for his cool kid-approved streetwear, Alexander Wang is stepping outside his realm and getting a luxe upgrade for Spring 2018. The designer teamed up with Judith Leiber for a limited-edition, Swarovski-encrusted bag (that's shaped like a stack of $100 bills, of course). As WWD reports, the minaudière is made of 10,263 black, gunmetal, green and clear Swarovski crystals. Accentuated with a real industrial rubber band and chain strap, the kistchy bag takes an entire week to hand-bead to completion. Purchasing it, however, will require an actual stack of $100 bills (and then some), as it costs a cool $4,995.    The collaboration with Leiber will make its official debut on Wang's Spring 2018 runway this September, but there's a catch: it will be produced in an extremely limited quantity of only 20. Members of the #WangSquad better act fast.  The Alexander Wang x Judith Leiber bag will be available at the Alexander Wang New York and London stores, Saks Fifth Avenue and alexanderwang.com in November. 
 The designer got political at his 10th anniversary show.  Last night, Prabal Gurung celebrated his 10th anniversary showing at New York Fashion Week. For the momentous occasion, the designer's Spring 2020 collection dove deeper than the latest trends by examining American identity and posing the question: "who gets to be American?" At a time of such immense political upheaval in the country, it's nearly impossible for fashion not to reflect on the turbulence. But Gurung, who's no stranger to political statements on the runway, didn't just slap a catchy slogan on a T-shirt and call it a day. Instead, his entire collection—from the colors to the prints and fabrics—re-examined and dissected the root of American identity.  "In the last few years, incited by the divisive rhetoric of our current administration, I've considered the many faces of America and how we should seek to redefine it," Gurung explained in his show notes. To do so, the designer tapped Jose Antonio Vargas, the author of Dear America: Notes of an Undocumented Citizen, to consult on the collection. Gurung, who's originally from Nepal, stumbled upon Vargas' work after someone in a business meeting said to him "you don't look American, so how can you define what America is?" From there, key elements of Americana were woven into the collection. Roses, which are the national flower of the United States, appeared in vibrant reds, colorful pastels, and bouquets carried by models. Denim—a classic American staple—took new form in elevated dresses, trousers, and even a boiler jumpsuit. Similarly, white poplin shirting and patchwork pieces made appearances throughout the collection.     The extensive range of colors and prints along with the diverse cast of models were meant to represent the melting pot of race and culture that are at the root of what makes America great. It all came to culmination during the finale, when Gurung sent every model down the runway wearing a beauty pageant sash reading, "Who Gets to be American?" in bright blue letters.  So who does get to be an American? Instead of rehashing many of the problematic elements intertwined in this country's DNA, Gurung looked to the hope—and the dream—of what it could be. As Republicans and Democrats wage war against one another, as President Trump attempts to build a wall, as the administration holds refugees and babies in unsanitary detention centers, one Nepalese immigrant reminded us all—through the art of fashion, nonetheless—what the American dream really is.  Gurung himself said it best in his heartfelt show notes:      
 The piece that will transform your closet, and you. Each week on ShopBAZAAR.com, we feature one Hero—an item that deserves your keenest attention—carefully chosen by Harper's Bazaar editors. And we found spring in shoe form with Loeffler Randall's Tilly slides. Inspired by Cherry Blossom season, these sandals come in the prettiest pink hue and a soft velvet finish and features a functional mid-wedge heel so you walk with a spring in your step. Simple, feminine and versatile, this classic shape looks great with flirty floral dresses, raw denim and everything in between.   Loeffler Randall shoes, $350, shopbazaar.com SHOP Simone Rocha earrings, $550, shopbazaar.com, Gucci barrette, $400, shopbazaar.com, Calvin Klein 205W39NYC top, $1,100, shopbazaar.com, Roksanda skirt, $1,295, shopbazaar.com, Loeffler Randall shoes, $350, shopbazaar.com, Givenchy bag, $2,150, shopbazaar.com, Christian Dior eyeshadow palette, $62, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi jacket, $425, shopbazaar.com, Johanna Ortiz dress, $1,820, shopbazaar.com, Deborah Lippmann nail polish, $18, shopbazaar.com,  Loeffler Randall shoes, $350, shopbazaar.com, Charlotte Chesnais cuff, $1,195, shopbazaar.com, Of Rare Origin earrings, $1,120, shopbazaar.com, Fregoli bag, $18,000, shopbazaar.com SHOP Laura Mercier lipstick, $28, shopbazaar.com, Calvin Klein 205W39NYC coat, $4,500, shopbazaar.com, Magda Butrym top, $1,052, shopbazaar.com, Theodosia earrings, $800, shopbazaar.com, Off-White jeans, $600, shopbazaar.com, Loeffler Randall shoes, $350, shopbazaar.com, The Volon bag, $1,010, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Stars like the Hadids, Karlie Kloss, Gisele Bundchen, and Cara Delevingne also made the list.  Kendall Jenner is the highest-paid model in the world for the second year in a row, according to Forbes. The reality-star-turned-runway-favorite earned $22.5 million in the 12 months before June 2018, topping big names like Gisele Bündchen, Karlie Kloss, Chrissy Teigen, and her friends, Bella and Gigi Hadid.    Jenner has major modeling contracts to thank for her hefty salary. She's landed deals with brands like Adidas, Estée Lauder, Calvin Klein, and others, Forbes reports. The 23-year-old holds a strong lead, as Karlie Kloss comes in second with $13 million—which Forbes attributes to her deals with Swarovski, Adidas, Away luggage, and more.  Bündchen, whom Jenner dethroned as the highest-paid model in 2017, fell from second place to fifth in 2018, where she's tied with Cara Delevingne at $10 million. The runway vet released a memoir this year (Lessons: My Path to a Meaningful Life) amidst starring in ads for Stewart Weitzman and Brazilian brands.  1) Kendall Jenner: $22.5 million2) Karlie Kloss: $13 million3) Chrissy Teigen and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley: $11.5 million 5) Cara Delevingne and Gisele Bundchen: $10 million7) Gigi Hadid: $9.5 million8) Bella Hadid and Joan Smalls: $8.5 million10) Doutzen Kroes: $8 million  Forbes also reports that popularity online and on social media may help models branch out to other businesses. "Your social media page is your magazine of your life, so how you represent yourself matters. If you're going to crossover you have to have a vision for it," IMG Models President, Ivan Bart, told the outlet. For context, Jenner boasts 100 million followers on Instagram alone.  And although Kendall may be the highest-earning model, she's not quite the highest-earning Kardashian-Jenner. Her beauty mogul sister, Kylie Jenner, has an estimated net worth of $900 million and made $166.5 million in the year before June 2018, Forbes reports. 
 A tiny wardrobe malfunction couldn't stop her.  It's going to take more than a loose piece of jewelry to break Elsa Hosk's focus on the red carpet. The Swedish model and Victoria's Secret Angel happened to drop an earring while arriving to the Marriage Story premiere at the Venice Film Festival today, but she looked completely unfazed by the minor mishap.  While posing for the cameras, her left earring seemed to unlatch and fall to the ground. Still smiling, Hosk simply picked up the accessory and put it back in its place.  What wardrobe malfunction? To Hosk's credit, her earrings did look weighty. The chunky, dangling baubles featured a gold medallion design with accented pearls—it's a miracle they stayed in place to begin with. They did, however, nicely match the strapless black and gold Etro she wore to the premiere, coupled with matching bangles and black pumps.  Hosk made her first appearance at this year's Venice Film Festival yesterday at the La Vérité screening, where she wore strappy black halter gown, also by Etro. Luckily for the model, her earrings, by Messika, were much smaller at the time.  Hosk isn't the only Victoria's Secret rep in Venice. Fellow Angels Martha Hunt, Candice Swanepoel, and Barbara Palvin also made stunning appearances on the red carpet. Keep up with all of the most glamorous looks from the festival below. 
 Whisky and razors included. This holiday season, find a gift for your favorite guy that no one else has. Personalizing something makes it extra special—and proves that you've actually planned ahead this year.  Whether you're shopping for a husband, boyfriend, brother, or dad, these one-of-a-kind finds are pieces they'll want to show off. Keep reading to see customized kicks, grill tools, and a regally personalized bag for his favorite whisky. FIND A RETAILER Crown Royal Deluxe, $24 There's no time like the holidays to replenish his bar, and you can’t go wrong with a good bottle of whisky like Crown Royal Deluxe. It’s rich and robust, with hints of vanilla, oak, and fruit. Embroider the bag it comes in for an unexpected personalized touch. SHOP NOW Adidas mi Swift Run Shoes, $100 Initials or no initials, the ability to customize the colors of these sleek sneakers means that no one (no one) will have the exact design he's rocking. SHOP NOW LL Bean Heritage Waxed-Canvas Duffle, $159 Whether heading to the gym or a weekend away, a stylish and durable bag that fits everything he needs is invaluable. Add his name or monogram to have it stand out from the rest. SHOP NOW Mark & Graham Walnut Valet Tray, $49 Make his bedside table a little more sophisticated (and a lot more organized) with this personalized wooden tray that's the ideal holding spot for everything from iPhone to cufflinks.  SHOP NOW Harry's Winter Winston Deluxe Gift Set, $35  Get him shaving in style with a box set full of the essentials. A monogrammed razor will turn the daily grooming chore into something he can relish.  SHOP NOW Smythson Grosvenor Briefcase, $1,695 Upgrade his office look with a luxe leather briefcase that carries everything from papers to a laptop. Add a metallic monogram to the front flap to make it feel extra-special. SHOP NOW Williams Sonoma Monogrammed Carving Board, $70 What’s more custom than being able to monogram your meat? For the guy who loves grilling, give him a personalized branding tool that he can use on all his BBQ specials. 
From: ELLE US

 The Pomellato for Women ambassador preaches a very millennial message of self-empowerment.  A vision in fluttery pink Dior, Chiara Ferragni wafts through Milan’s glass-domed Galeria Vittorio Emanuele II shopping arcade like a character in a Fellini film. Today Ferragni is shooting for Bazaar, and she’s all smiles for the camera. Teenagers in velvet puffer coats swarm around Italy’s most famous influencer like moths to a social media flame, reflexively extending their arms into the universal selfie pose. “Chiara! Chiara!” they scream, as they frantically adjust their positioning to catch her in the background of their photos.  “I think we got it,” Ferragni says to our camera crew, turning decisively on her heel as two burly security guards swoop in to escort her through a secret passageway to escape the verklempt fans slowly closing in on her.   Graciously enduring mass hysteria is all in a day’s work for the OG of fashion bloggers, who is accustomed to sharing every minute of her glam-packed life with more than 16 million Instagram followers (to put her reach in perspective, Man Repeller has a following of 2.1 million, and Bryanboy is just shy of 700,000). In September, she’s poised to become even more of a household name when Italian director Elisa Amoruso’s documentary about her hits theaters. The film charts the meteoric rise of this dentist’s daughter from the bedroom community of Cremona, Italy, to number one in the fashion category on the 2017 Forbes Top Influencers list.  Ferragni was also recently tapped to be an ambassador of Pomellato for Women, the Milanese jewelry brand’s campaign celebrating female leadership. “Chiara’s drive and resilience are remarkable,” says Pomellato CEO Sabina Belli. “She invented a job that didn’t exist, and her message is powerful: It is up to each of us to break the glass ceiling to live the life that we imagine.” The 31-year-old new mother is happy to return the compliment. “Pomellato’s values really resonate with me,” says Ferragni, whose son, Leo, just turned one. “I believe it’s possible to be both a boss and a mom—just keep working toward everything you dreamed you’d do.”   Of course, Ferragni’s free designer clothes and front-row seats didn’t manifest themselves immediately. In 2009, when she first began posting #ootd photos on her blog, the Blonde Salad, she was still a college student studying international law. Those early looks—a strategic mix of designer handbags, vintage finds, and Zara—captivated fans, who followed her to Instagram in 2012. In 2013, she parlayed her loyal base into a cash cow by developing a namesake fashion line. As her audience continued to grow, she negotiated endorsement deals with a select group of luxury labels, which not only paid her handsomely for sponsored posts but also helped further elevate the profile of the Chiara Ferragni Collection by association. In 2015, Harvard Business School published a case study on her entrepreneurial success. Ferragni’s brand, which has an emoji-like winking eye as its signature motif, is now carried in more than 400 stores, including flagships in Milan, Paris, and Shanghai, and generates $25 million in annual revenue. ‰ “The secret to social media is not thinking about it too much.” “The secret to social media is not thinking about it too much,” says Ferragni, who usually adds four to six photos to her main Feed daily, more than most people post on Stories. For Ferragni, every moment is a shareable one—not to mention a potential product placement opportunity. Although a fair amount of her content is sponsored, much of it isn’t. From romantic dinners with her Italian rapper husband, Fedez, to playground trips with their son, nothing is off-limits.   The couple’s nuptials in Sicily last year earned a cool $36 million in Media Impact Value for sponsor brands, according to the data analytics firm Launchmetrics. The highly Instagrammable, three-day extravaganza included a performance by the groom—a social media heavyweight in his own right, with 7.6 million followers—fireworks, a Ferris wheel, and a hashtag (#TheFerragnez). In terms of placements, the biggest winners were Dior (which provided two couture gowns for the big day—one embroidered with lyrics from “Favorisca I Sentimenti,” the song Fedez wrote to propose to Ferragni) and Prada (which supplied a bespoke crystal-covered cocktail dress for the rehearsal dinner). For its part, Pomellato contributed his-and-hers wedding bands swathed in pavé diamonds. #TheFerragnez, by some calculations, generated even more online impact than the royal wedding, garnering 67 million interactions over four days.   Yes I do, forever 💍 A post shared by  Chiara Ferragni (@chiaraferragni) on Sep 1, 2018 at 10:56am PDT  “It was insane,” says Ferragni, sipping an espresso. We are sitting in a quiet corner of Pasticceria Marchesi, a retro-chic haven that looks like it was custom-built for Instagram. “I couldn’t believe Fedez and I got more buzz than a duchess and a prince.” “I couldn’t believe Fedez and I got more buzz than a duchess and a prince.” So what’s next for the queen bee of fashion partnerships? “Fedez and I would love to do more projects together,” she says. With their very millennial digital fluency and unique celebrity nexus between the worlds of fashion and music, the similarity between the Ferragnez and Kimye—the ne plus ultra of social media power couples—has not been lost on them. Fedez coyly named a track on his latest album “Kim & Kanye.” “I think Kim is a genius—she’s created so many different businesses,” says Ferragni. “Everything Kim and Kanye do is gold. Fedez and I are always like, ‘We’re gonna be best friends with them someday!’” 
 GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR This article originally appears in the May 2019 issue of Harper’s BAZAAR, available on newsstands April 23. Hair and Makeup: Manuele Mameli; Manicure: Magda Pintus; Production: Stefano Ciafardoni and Silvia Pogliani for MMProductions. 
 The new face of Chanel, Margot Robbie, compares notes with Karl Lagerfeld on their animal companions: Robbie’s rescue dog, Boo Radley, and Lagerfeld’s beloved cat, Choupette. HARPER’S BAZAAR: How did you choose your pet’s name? MARGOT ROBBIE: To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my favorite books, and all the characters have such fantastic names.  KARL LAGERFELD: It was not my choice. She was born in a year when all the cats of her breed had to start with “C.”I got her with this, at first view, horrible name. Now I love it! HB: What do you and your dog have in common, and what about your personalities is different? MR: We both like rosé and are grumpy in the mornings. Boo is utterly disinterested in food.   KL: As a human being, Choupette is better than me.  HB: How did you come to adopt your pet? MR: I searched Web sites that list puppies at animal shelters, and came across Boo and completely fell in love. KL: Choupette belonged to a friend who had gotten her asa gift when she was three months old. This friend had to leave for a trip, and he asked one of my maids if she could keep Choupette during the time he was away. When he came back I told him that I was very sorry, but Choupette would stay with me. HB: What do you think is the difference between cats and dogs, and between cat people and dog people? MR: I’ve often thought that it’s about how you like to beloved. If you like dogs, you like big displays of outward devotion. Cats are like a sly, flirty grin across a bar. KL: Dogs are easily very nice with everyone. Cats are not.You feel when a cat is affectionate that it is a choice; she likes you. Dogs have the tendency to love everybody.    This article originally appears in the December '18/January '19 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, available on newsstands now. 
 The most stylish kids to follow on Instagram. These mini fashion bloggers may not always be dressing themselves, but they know exactly how to work their looks. From sibling duos to Gucci-clad tots, here are 15 insanely fashionable kids (yes, even adults will want to copy their outfits) to follow on  Instagram. Related: Fashion Bloggers You Should Know This brother and sister sibling duo each have their own unique sense of style that works perfectly together—but they also know how to rock a matching look just as well.  At just four years old, Vada's wardrobe is already more well-rounded and diverse than ours. Her younger sister Nova also makes stylish appearances on her mom's page as well.  From trendy hats to eclectically-styled looks, Prince not only has an incredible wardrobe, but also the sweetest poses to show it off.  Along with Mila's hilarious videos that almost always go viral, she and her twin Emma serve up some serious style and extra sassy poses on their mom's Instagram.  This 6-year-old, Tokyo-based Instagram star is already a style force to be reckoned with. From her knack for layering to her eccentric accessories, Coco is the fashion risk-taker we all wish we could be.  This stylish tot already has her blogger pose down pat—and a fun-filled wardrobe to back it up. Alonso's mom, Luisa Fernanda Espinosa, has shown off her son's impeccable style since he was a toddler. Coming into his own now, the dapper young boy rocks Gucci and loafers like you've never seen before.  The 5-year-old has New Yorker style on lock with an array of leather jackets, sweet dresses and accessories that will make you jealous. Plus, don't miss Scout showing off her incredible walk-in closet for BAZAAR here.  With the coolest '90s-inspired style and the best sassy poses, we could all take style lessons from Zuri.  From clean lines to knitwear essentials, this Swedish baby blogger is an expert when it comes to minimalism.  At just 8 years old, Haileigh's resume already boasts designing, modeling and acting gigs—and she's got just the right amount of sass while showing off her daily outfits.  Laerta accessorizes with both baby Chanel bags and stuffed animals—which is no easy task. From Timberlands and tutus to high socks and fur jackets, she knows how to have fun with fashion. With a wardrobe consisting of camouflage and denim, the coolest kicks and shades, Ryan is a menswear style star in the making. 
 Channeling 'Big Rihanna Energy'... In May, Rihanna and LVMH confirmed the launch of Fenty, the first luxury fashion house founded by the French fashion conglomerate since the unveiling of Christian Lacroix over thirty years ago. The superstar made history when she became the first black woman to helm a brand at LVMH.  At the time of the first collection launch (Fenty operates on a direct-to-consumer model with new collections dropping monthly), Rihanna released the following statement: "Women are forces of this earth. We are multifaceted, complex, vulnerable yet bulletproof, and Fenty speaks to all of our intricacies. Some days I want to be submissive, many days I’m completely in charge and most days I feel like being both ... so it was imperative that we created a line versatile enough to embrace and celebrate us in that way. The collections are easily worn together and meant to be staples in our wardrobe. I’m just hyped to see people in my clothes, man." With that spirit in mind, and in honor of the second collection ("Release 6-19") that dropped today, two BAZAAR.com editors gave Fenty a test-drive, wearing pieces from the line at the newly reopened early-2000s hot spot,  Pastis, in New York City's Meatpacking District. While the first release had an emphasis on strong tailoring and denim, including an already viral white minidress worn by Bella Hadid and Kristen Noelle Crowley, the second drop offers something very different. "The Fenty collection is definitely in line with what I like to wear, only it's a bit cooler and sexier thanks to Rihanna’s magical touch," Christina Rutherford, special projects director at BAZAAR.com explains. "If you have long legs like I do, there’s lots of options to show off your assets." While the inaugural Fenty drop was mostly black, tan, denim, and white, "Release 6-19" offers a wider range of bright, vivid colors like hot pink, teal, and orange, as well as a subtle black and white Japanese-inspired print.  Slinky slip dresses in knit, satin and jersey; plus scarf tops, and bandage miniskirts conjure a '90s Tom Ford-for-Gucci mood: simple lines, unapologetic, confident, sexy.  Shoes are strappy and high, offset with oversized graphic tees with the word "Immigrant" blast across them (a nod to Rihanna's Barbados roots and perhaps a political statement). The newest release also offers two new sunglasses styles: Techno Mask and Centerfold, statement shades that are unequivocally bold and fierce. For jewelry, statement pearls take the lead this time around, whereas gold and crystals brought the shimmer in the first collection. "She created the perfect denim dress," Rutherford explains. "I love how she played with proportions keeping the top oversized and boxy with an itsy-bitsy fitted skirt. The slip dress definitely felt a bit risqué, but I love throwing on a sexy dress every now and then. Not only is the print guaranteed to turn heads—but also that hemline!" While I've mostly parted ways with slinky, fitted dresses, I channeled some "Big Rihanna Energy" and wore a fitted black gown with deep arm holes and a low-cut back, designed to flatter. The satin dress with a cowl neckline was similarly lightweight and well-fitted.  Chrissy and I styled drop one with drop two for a cool combination of strong-shouldered jackets and "going out" dresses—all coming in at a contemporary price point between $370 for tops to $810 for gowns.  One of the most awe-inspiring moments of my life, and I am not being hyperbolic, was seeing Rihanna arrive at the CFDA Awards in a crowd-stopping sheer dress covered in Swarovski crystals. To say that Rihanna has star power is an understatement. She's magnetic. These clothes are about bringing that confidence to women, that rare, raw, Rihanna energy. All the great fashion designers have a calling card—Phoebe's unexpectedly exciting simplicity, Nicolas's reimagining of shape and form, Demna's sophisticated streetwear. Even though it's only two collections in, we think we're ready to answer the call of Rihanna's Fenty.  FENTY is available at fenty.com now and at a pop-up at The Webster (29 Greene Street) in NYC.   
 Everything you need to conquer the season. One of the best things about spring—second only to the relief from cold weather and way-too-early sunsets—is the new clothes that go with it. Moving from winter to warmer temps means saying goodbye to heavy knits and insulated jackets, and trading them in for breezy dresses, sleeveless tops, and open-toe shoes. And while you might not be making over your entire closet—we're sure you have a few seasonal go-tos you're eager to pull out of storage—now's the time to infuse your existing rotation with a few fresh items. Here, we list the spring pieces worth investing in, from head to toe. Bally Cecyle Bag We love the rounded shape of Bally's Cecyle bag: a crossbody style that's just the right size to hold daytime essentials, but not too bulky for night. The croc effect is on-trend this spring, and the neutral color works with everything from vibrant white to muted pastels, and even dark colors like navy, charcoal, and black. Oversized statement headbands were all over the runways last season, and they're the perfect accessory to take your look to the next level.  Bally Trench Coat The trench is a classic for a reason. Versatile, stylish, and smart for the unpredictable weather of the season, a trench coat in a light hue with a longer length is essential for transitioning between winter and summer. If you're going to invest in a piece of jewelry, a statement earring is still the look du jour. Opt for a matching pair, or if you're more daring, try a mismatched set. Bally mules Transition between seasons with an open-toe block heel. Not quite a sandal and definitely not a pump, it's an easy way to lighten up the feel of your look while still remaining polished. Without a doubt, the standout accessories of the season are barrettes and hair clips. Whether you opt for crazy or classic, it's the easiest way to work in a fun seasonal trend. Bally Sunglasses Give your face a lift with the flattering angles of this frame style and keep it from looking too severe by going with a mellow tortoiseshell finish rather than black. Worn open, a slightly oversized blazer in a traditional fabric makes a wonderful layer. Plus, it works equally well in the office or more casually with jeans on the weekend. One of the simplest ways to get your mind out of winter and into spring is with a polish swap. Embrace the light, bright mood of spring with warm peachy hues. They're the perfect middle ground between winter neutrals and summer's vibrant hues.
 The model graduates from VS Pink to Angel status.  Grace Elizabeth is the fourth and final model to land a coveted spot as a Victoria's Secret Angel for 2019. Barbara Palvin, Alexina Graham and Leomie Anderson were also crowned VS Angels in the last four weeks. This particular announcement comes as little surprise—the 22-year-old Florida native has been working with the brand as a Victoria's Secret PINK spokesmodel, and garnering a cult following since 2016. She made her first appearance on the runway for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 2016 in Paris, opening up the pink section in wings adorned with bows.  Grace Elizabeth is down right angelic, with her high, prominent cheekbones and mega-watt smile which has brought her not only commercial success but prominence in the world of high fashion. She signed to Next Models at just 16 years old, booking jobs like Guess and Polo Ralph Lauren, and now you can see her in the pages of Harper's Bazaar styled by Carine Roitfeld. She's walked the runways from New York to Paris for brands like Ralph Lauren, Max Mara and Chanel.  We caught up with the new VS Angel over email and here's what she had to say about this career-making news.  Grace Elizabeth: I was in Tulum, Mexico on vacation laying by the beach when I got the exciting news. I told my mother. She had already seen the email come through and was counting down the minutes until I called her. I called her as soon as I saw and she answered, ‘Hello, is this my angel?’  Happy birthday to these two amazing people in my life!! Luke we always said you were moms birthday present but now you just take all of moms birthdays presents. 😏 I love you guys ❤️❤️ A post shared by  Grace Elizabeth ♡ (@lovegrace_e) on Jun 18, 2018 at 5:40am PDT GE:It’s always been a dream of mine to be a Victoria’s Secret Angel. When I set out to model, it was my ultimate goal and it was one of the first things I told my agents I wanted to do. The transformation from being a PINK spokesmodel to being a VS Angel, has been really incredible. I have learned so much, met so many incredible people, some of who are like family to me. I’m looking forward to using this new platform to share my story, raise awareness for causes that are close to my heart and work to encourage other women to follow their dreams.  Career wise, it’s goals! It’s one of the most coveted contracts in fashion and can open up a wide range of opportunities. Plus, I get to work with some of the most amazing women in the biz.  Tonight is the night!!! I can’t wait for you all to see how hard everyone worked to put the @victoriassecret show together! Tune in at 10/9c on ABC ✨  #VSFS A post shared by  Grace Elizabeth ♡ (@lovegrace_e) on Dec 2, 2018 at 5:38am PST GE: I’m ambitious! I’d love to do a Jimmy Fallon appearance, book more fashion magazine covers and campaigns and maybe in the future even try acting…basically, all of it!  @victoriassecret ✨ A post shared by  Grace Elizabeth ♡ (@lovegrace_e) on Nov 16, 2018 at 6:21am PST GE: I was on vacation in Tulum, so I was already in such a magical environment to enjoy the news. As a congratulatory gift, I received a beautiful white, flowy dress that I went flamenco dancing in all night on the beach. I will never forget it!   Nights in white satin ✨✨ A post shared by  Grace Elizabeth ♡ (@lovegrace_e) on Apr 1, 2019 at 6:46pm PDT GE: I love origami and I’m very good at it actually. I love making cranes and frogs. I’m obsessed with penguins, I had 26 when I was a kid, which I won at the arcade claw game. I know it’s hard to believe, I’m strangely great at the claw game – I never lose! When I was younger, I competed in pageants. Victoria's Secret slip, $45, victoriassecret.com SHOP; Victoria's Secret teddy, $60, victoriassecret.com SHOP; Victoria's Secret kimono robe, $65, victoriassecret.com SHOP.
 Rihanna and Amal Clooney are hosting. Next year's Met Gala is going to be a religious event—literally. The Metropolitan Museum of Art's next big Costume Institute exhibit is titled, "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination."  The collection, opening in 2018, will display about 50 garments and accessories loaned from the Vatican, works of religious art from the Met's own collection and 150 designer pieces "inspired by Catholic iconography or style," The New York Times reports. Featured brands will include no-brainers like Versace (a sponsor of the exhibit) and Dolce & Gabbana, who have famously included religious symbolism in their designs, and some surprising picks, like a Chanel wedding dress inspired by a communion gown and Valentino couture gowns inspired by monks' robes, according to NYT. Rihanna and Amal Clooney are two of the honorary chairs hosting next year's Met Gala. Although they're not specifically known for Catholic-inspired fashion, both are touted as modern fashion icons—the singer for her shameless, boundary-pushing wardrobe (and consistent winning Met looks) and the human rights attorney for her elegant, classic style, both in the workplace and on the red carpet.  Donatella Versace, Anna Wintour and Stephen A. Schwarzman and his wife, who are big donors to the Catholic Archdiocese of New York, are also honorary chairs. "Heavenly Bodies" follows "Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between" in 2017, "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology" in 2016, and "China: Through the Looking Glass" in 2015. Next year's exhibit is expected to be the Costume Institute's biggest one yet, stretching 58,600 square feet in three galleries, including the Cloisters in upper Manhattan. The theme will also likely be provocative. "We know it could be controversial for right wing or conservative Catholics and for liberal Catholics," head curator Andrew Bolton told NYT. However, he clarified that the exhibit focuses "on a shared hypothesis about what we call the Catholic imagination and the way it has engaged artists and designers and shaped their approach to creativity, as opposed to any kind of theology or sociology. Beauty has often been a bridge between believers and unbelievers." Bolton even got the OK from the Vatican (but he doesn't know whether the Pope Francis is aware of the exhibit). The director of the Holy See press office told NYT, "The Roman Catholic Church has been producing and promoting beautiful works of art for centuries. Most people have experienced that through religious paintings and architecture. This is another way of sharing some of that beauty that rarely gets seen." Bolton started discussing loaning items from the Vatican in 2015 and had to make eight trips to Rome to bring the show to life. Ultimately, the Vatican pieces will be displayed separately from the rest of the fashion exhibit in the Met out of respect, since these are still "working garments." The last time papal garments made their way across the Atlantic was in 1983, for "The Vatican Collections" exhibit at the museum, which saw over 855,000 guests.  Of course, New York's archbishop Cardinal Dolan was invited to the Met Gala, the Times reports. The paper writes, "Everyone is hoping he will attend."
 The brand plans to close up to 178 stores in the U.S. and halt operations in 40 countries.  Forever 21 officially filed for bankruptcy on Sunday, The New York Times reports. It will close up to 178 stores in the U.S. and up to 350 overall, but will continue to run its website, according to the paper. The company will also cease operations in 40 countries, including Canada and Japan, as a result of the bankruptcy filing.  The fast-fashion franchise is hoping to "simplify things so we can get back to doing what we do best," Forever 21's Executive Vice President Linda Chang told NYT. Forever 21 is reportedly considering filing for bankruptcy as sales decline, sources with knowledge of the plans have told Bloomberg and CNBC. The fast fashion retailer was already negotiating additional financing options and working with advisors to restructure the company's debt, but those discussions have stalled, according to Bloomberg.    Weeks ago, the outlet reported that Forever 21—which makes an estimated $3 billion per year in sales—was struggling to pay vendors and landlords and was seeking out ways to "revive its business." By filing for bankruptcy, the brand may be able to "shed unprofitable stores and recapitalize the business," Bloomberg reports, citing anonymous sources familiar with the negotiations.    WEAR NOW & LATER | stock up on outfit staples to transition into the new season 🍂 -- Search: 00369001 (tap to shop) A post shared by  forever21 (@forever21) on Aug 21, 2019 at 5:23pm PDT  At the time of writing, Forever 21 has not announced any plans to close any of its over 800 locations across the U.S. However, as CNBC points out, many of its branches are located in malls, which are seeing fewer shoppers. Similar fast fashion brick-and-mortars are also fighting (and, at times, failing) to keep up with online and or direct-to-consumer brands. The U.K.-based brand TopShop, for example, also recently filed for bankruptcy and closed all of its U.S. stores as a result.  The L.A. Times also projected that Forever 21 lost its "cool factor" and had widened its range of merchandise too broadly. "They’ve lost sight of what brought them there," Roger Beahm, executive director of the Center for Retail Innovation at Wake Forest University, told the paper in July.  BAZAAR.com has reached out to Forever 21 for comment. 
 The brand will present its Fall 2018 collection with a digital presentation instead.  Joining a growing list of designers, Marchesa is the latest to pull out of New York Fashion Week.  Moving away from the traditional runway show format, the fashion house will instead unveil its Fall 2018 collection through a digital presentation. The brand, which is helmed by Georgina Chapman and Keren Craig, confirmed its decision in a statement to the New York Post:"Marchesa is looking forward to presenting their Fall 18 collection in an updated format this season." The news comes after some of New York's biggest designers, including Proenza Schouler, Rodarte, Altuzarra, Public School, and more, have opted out of the traditional New York Fashion Week calendar. Most recently, Alexander Wang announced this February would be his last time showing during New York Fashion  Week. Instead, the brand will present its collections in June and December moving forward.   Of course Chapman, the estranged wife of Harvey Weinstein, may have other reasons for moving her brand away from a traditional runway show format. The designer reportedly decided to cancel the Fall 2018 show, originally scheduled for Valentine's Day, in the aftermath of the sexual harassment and assault allegations against Weinstein. After the allegations against Weinstein became public in October, Chapman announced she was leaving her husband. The two had been married since 2007 and have two children together, aged four and seven. Weinstein has since denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex. "My heart breaks for all the women who have suffered tremendous pain because of these unforgivable actions. I have chosen to leave my husband. Caring for my young children is my first priority and I ask the media for privacy at this time," the designer said in a statement to People. 
 Mimi Cuttrell's collection has all the '90s power vibes her clients love.  Mimi Cuttrell has been creating the highly photographed looks of some of your go-to sources of sartorial inspiration for many years. She counts Gigi and Bella Hadid, and Priyanka Chopra as clients. While she gravitates toward cool, young brands to provide them with their own unique style profiles, she's taking matters into her own hands with a new denim collaboration with 3x1, launching today. "I started with some of my favorite vintage denim pieces from my personal collection," Cuttrell says of her straightforward approach to the 12-piece line. "These served as a great base. … The next step was to focus on the fit. As a stylist, I am constantly transforming outfits with the art of tailoring. It was so important to me that these pieces would have a loose, comfortable fit, but are tight and formfitting in the best places." The vintage-inspired collection is composed of  a signature top, a reversible jacket, and denim bottoms ranging from '90s-era dad jeans to stretch super-flares, modeled after the pink matching set that Cuttrell styled Gigi in. "The Kellie Jean is a special case, 3x1 has a split bell that I've been pulling for years, and it's a favorite among a few of my clients. We updated this style with a double-slit on both side seams and a permanent pleat down the center for a dressier feel. I loved adding this new twist." Each style is named after a special person in Cuttrell's life: The dad jean is appropriately named for her father, Kirk; the Diana Jean is for her style inspiration Princess Di; and the The G.I. Tank and B Jacket are self-explanatory. A true denim lover, the stylist considers jeans the perfect base to any outfit. "My ideal denim outfit would consist of a cashmere turtleneck sweater and a nice pair of boots—maybe even UGGs. In the summer, I love to pair them with my favorite Birkenstocks and a simple tee." That's some expert advice right there.
 The luxury fashion group is also changing its name.  Update, 9/25: Following rumors, Michael Kors Holdings has officially bought Versace for $2.12 billion. In its acquisition of the iconic Italian fashion house, the Michael Kors Holdings fashion group will change its name to Capri Holdings.  "This is a very exciting moment for Versace,” Donatella Versace said in a statement, “It has been more than 20 years since I took over the company along with my brother Santo and daughter Allegra. I am proud that Versace remains very strong in both fashion and modern culture. Versace is not only synonymous with its iconic and unmistakable style, but with being inclusive and embracing of diversity, as well as empowering people to express themselves. Santo, Allegra and I recognize that this next step will allow Versace to reach its full potential." The Italian designer added, "We are all very excited to join a group led by John Idol, whom I have always admired as a visionary as well as a strong and passionate leader. We believe that being part of this group is essential to Versace’s long-term success. My passion has never been stronger. This is the perfect time for our company, which puts creativity and innovation at the core of all of its actions, to grow.”  The Versace family will become shareholders of Capri Holdings Limited, with Donatella keeping her role as creative director of the fashion house. Capri Holdings, formerly Michael Kors Holdings, now has three major fashion houses under its portfolio: Michael Kors Collection, Jimmy Choo, and Versace. "The acquisition of Versace is an important milestone for our group...We believe that the strength of the Michael Kors and Jimmy Choo brands, and the acquisition of Versace, position us to deliver multiple years of revenue and earnings growth," John D. Idol, CEO of Michael Kors Holdings Limited, said in a release. He added, "Donatella’s iconic style is at the heart of the design aesthetic of Versace. She will continue to lead the company’s creative vision. I am thrilled to have the opportunity to work with Donatella on Versace’s next chapter of growth.” Original Article, 9/24: In a major fashion industry shakeup, Michael Kors is reportedly set to buy Versace in a two-billion-dollar deal. Though not officially confirmed, the news is rumored to be announced as early as this week.  According to Business of Fashion, US fashion group Michael Kors Holdings Ltd. is close to an agreement to buy Gianni Versace S.p.A, the private Italian fashion company under the creative reins of Donatella Versace. In the reported deal, the Versace family would continue to have a role in their company.  Though Versace is a privately owned company, Blackstone Group LP, a US-based private equity group, bought a 20-percent stake in Versace back in 2014. It's unclear if the group would sell its stake to Michael Kors Holdings in the rumored deal.  If true, this would be Michael Kors' latest move to expand its portfolio of luxury brands. Just last year, the brand acquired luxury British shoe brand Jimmy Choo in a  $1.2 billion deal. Of course, Kors and Versace make for an interesting pairing. While Versace is famous for its over-the-top glitz and signature Italian glamour, Kors is the antithesis of that aesthetic, with a focus on affordable luxury and all-American ready-to-wear collections. HarpersBAZAAR.com has reached out to Michael Kors for comment and will update this post. 
 Inclement weather never looked so good.  Torrential downpours: the humidity, overflowing puddles, and sloshing streets always make it incredibly difficult to put effort into your ensemble. It's easy to toss on beat-up boots when there are showers in the forecast, but thanks to this season's crop of stylish waterproof shoes, a little drizzle won't get in the way of looking chic. Below, shop the best modernized rain boots to survive that flash flood warning.  Perfect for pairing with everything from nylon coats to PVC trenches, the Betty boots are an extremely elevated option to add to your rainy day ensemble.  Burberry is always at the forefront of luxury weather-proof items. These signature checked rain boots, complete with multiple buckles and strap details, prove just that.   Ganni's quilted shell ankle boots have chunky soles for traction, and meet in the middle of fun and functional.  For a luxe city-stomping, look to Prada's iconic and highly-coveted leather creepers. They're designed with a platform sole that gives you height and keeps you away from the variety of dirty puddles lining the sidewalks.  For a pop of color and texture, opt for Barney's PVC rain boots. They've been done in an emerald green, which will look elegant when teamed with monochromatic outfits.  These essential rain boots are crafted in a Chelsea style but modernized with a glossy leather. Wear them with all your favorite everyday looks.   You can't go wrong with Hunter's weatherproof accessories, and these waterproof boots are evidence. The tonal sole gives you a firm grip on the wet ground below you. Plus, they'll look perfect paired with tonal separates.   When worn with neutral turtlenecks and printed wool trousers, you won't even realize that these chic rubber-trimmed options from Loewe are rain boots.  With waterproof boots like these, you'll make it through your commute in one dry piece.  Whether worn to work or while running weekend errand, these sleek patent leather boots will protect your hemlines and feet from any drizzle.  The Paxton is a comfortable, walkable boot that not only protects you from the rain, but comes in a variety of cute colors.  Stella McCartney and Hunter's boot collab is made from rubber; the perfect composition for a sudden sun shower.  With the label's signature embossed rose at the side, these sleek rain boots are stylish enough to wear on sunny days.  For a luxe addition to your rainy weather rotation, look to Gucci. Stomp over the puddles in style with these crystal-embellished leather options.  With cool padding and a Chelsea-like silhouette, these modern rain boots from Moncler are ideal for cold-weather rainstorms. Wear them with oversized knits and leather trousers.  
 There are dogs and chickens are involved too.  Harry Styles has long been the unofficial poster child for Gucci's floral and printed suits (Exhibit A). So it only makes sense that the fashion house is now making things official by casting the singer and style muse in its Fall 2018 men’s tailoring campaign. The new ads, which were photographed in North London by Glen Luchford, feature Styles in a variety of tailored Gucci looks–from three-piece suits to a mohair jacket to a suit adorned with New York Yankees patches. And just in case the vision of the singer in the Alessandro Michele-designed suiting wasn't swoon-worthy enough, he also stars alongside a group of dogs and pet chickens.   Along with the photo campaign, Gucci blessed us all with a video which features Styles bringing his pet chicken to a fish and chip shop for a casual bite to eat, as you do.  Here is Harry feeding a group of dogs some fish and chips in a printed three-piece suit and diamond "Guccy" brooch.  And here he is cradling a very lucky chicken in his many Gucci rings and floral embroidered jacket.  Despite the style icon's many Gucci-designed looks over the year (including his last world tour which featured custom pieces designed by Alessandro Michele), this surprisingly marks his first official campaign for the brand. And something tells us it probably won't be his last. 
 The London-based designer is best known for her colorful prints.  With just a month until the 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, the lingerie brand has announced its designer collaboration for this year's runway. Following last year's capsule collection with Balmain's Olivier Rousteing, the brand has tapped Mary Katrantzou to design a section of this year's show.  Katrantzou, often referred to as the "Queen of Prints," is known for her colorful, feminine designs and out-of-this-world prints. Always a favorite at London Fashion Week, the UK-based designer has been worn by the likes of Rihanna, Cate Blanchett, and Beyoncé over the years.    "Everything that Victoria’s Secret creates is about a woman feeling confident and empowered—and also having fun with what she is wearing, This collaboration is going to be bold, fun and playful,” Katrantzou said in a statement from the brand.  The Victoria’s Secret x Mary Katrantzou capsule collection will make its debut on the runway at this year's VS Fashion Show, which is returning to New York City this November after previously holding shows in Shanghai and Paris. Immediately after the show airs, the Mary Katrantzou-designed pieces will be available to shop both online and in stores for holiday.  The collaboration marks the second time Victoria's Secret has partnered with a luxury fashion brand for its annual show. The first was last year's capsule collection with Olivier Rousteing of Balmain. The French designer created a range of looks for the show, which hit stores after the show aired.  While a lot of details have yet to be released about this year's VS Fashion Show, we do know at least 18 new models will make their debut in the show, including Winnie Harlow, Duckie Thot, and Sadie Newman. It will also be the first Victoria's Secret show in 17 years without Alessandra Ambrosio, who retired from the runway last year.  But the real question is: who will wear the million-dollar Fantasy Bra this year?
 And she looked so good... When taking style risks, it's always helpful to be an actual model, but there's no denying Cara Delevingne's paid off at today's royal wedding. The Brit actress arrived to Princess Eugenie's wedding at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle in a full top and tails ensemble.  Her well-tailored black tuxedo suit comes complete with a cropped jacket with tails and ankle-length, waist-cinching trousers, layered over a simple white button-down. But it's the accessories that really nail it.  Delevingne layered a black silk cummerbund over her suit and finished the look with a silver single-knot tie and classic black pumps for a little feminine flair. Ever the thespian, she brings drama to the look, topping it off with an actual top hat, and a match in the corner of her mouth. 
  While hats are de rigueur at royal weddings, most women opt for frilly fascinators with veils, embroidery and appliques. Delevingne's borrowed-from-the-boys approach is refreshing and decidedly high-fashion, channeling the Old Hollywood glamour of Marlene Dietrich.  Delevingne and Princess Eugenie reportedly became friends via London's social circles. According to the Daily Mail, Delevingne attended Eugenie's 25th birthday party in June 2015. Later that year, the two were photographed leaving a Fashion Week party at club LouLous, a private members club in Mayfair, according to Bustle.  The London-born model is rumored to be dating actress Ashley Benson, but the two did not attend today's nuptials together. Instead, from photos, it appears that former Harper's BAZAAR editor-at-large Derek Blasberg served as her date for the wedding. 
 Kendall Jenner's mini-dress is stunning. A plethora of celebs and influencers stepped out for the 9th Annual Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic in Los Angeles this weekend.  Taking place in Will Rogers State Historic Park, the impressive turnout included model Kendall Jenner, Grey's Anatomy star Ellen Pompeo, Riverdale's Vanessa Morgan, and Crazy Rich Asians star Harry Shum Jr.  Here, some of the best looks from the latest Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic:
 Danai Gurira, Brie Larson, and Nicole Kidman have all sported stunning confections from the American label. What is it like dressing Yalitza Aparicio for the 2019 Oscars? "Delightful," says Kate Mulleavy, one-half of the design duo behind celebrated American fashion label Rodarte. Alongside her collaborator and sister Laura Mulleavy, the pair has become one of the go-to designers for ethereal, ultra-feminine, and drama-filled gowns.  Their romantic-meets-moody aesthetic has drawn plenty of admiration from Hollywood starlets, who rely on their craftsmanship to create stunning red carpet-worthy gowns. Here, we took a look back at the most standout Rodarte confections, through the lens of Kate and Laura Mulleavy, who exclusively share inside details behind their favorite celebrity red carpet moments. "It was so thrilling to create a custom gown for our friend's premiere," said Kate Mulleavy. "Brie worked tirelessly to create this character and seeing the culmination of all her hard work and diligence on opening night was overwhelming,"  "Working with Yalitza on choosing the material and silhouette on this gown was delightful," said Kate Mulleavy. "We really worked with her and her stylist to capture her personality in a gown. It was joyous and celebratory of her experience with the film Roma." "We admire Danai so much as an actor and playwright and working on this gown so closely with her was so inspiring," said Laura Mulleavy. "The inspiration point for the gown was a fire lily and you can really see that in the dramatic tones and materials used in the final piece." "This polka-dot rose is one of our favorite gowns we have ever made," said Kate Mulleavy. "Margot wore it with such beauty and grace that she took it from a beautiful gown to an iconic moment in our career." "Greta was the fifth woman nominated for Best Director at the Academy Awards. Making this dress for this moment was an honor and a delight," said Laura Mulleavy. "We were so proud of her voice being recognized. The dress is a reflection of the beauty and happiness she felt in the acknowledgement of her work." "Kirsten is a sister and best friend and we worked with her for three years on our first feature film, Woodshock. She is a true inspiration to us and we had written the role of Theresa for her," said Laura Mulleavy. Her sister adds: "The premiere event at the Venice Film Festival is a time in our lives that we will never forget. It was romantic and exciting and a first time experience that we were so honored to share with her in Italy." "We are such great admirers of Nicole Kidman’s body of work and her exquisite taste in fashion. This look that she wore to Cannes Film Festival was jaw dropping," said Kate Mulleavy. "This was our first experience working with Tessa and her love of the materials in this gown made us immediately feel a kinship with her. We have such similar taste in art, film, and music," said Laura Mulleavy. "Making the gown for Natalie’s Academy Award appearance for Black Swan was a pinnacle moment in a two-year journey we took with her," said Laura Mulleavy. "From making the ballet costumes for the film, to making the principle character costumes for her character, to making dresses and gowns for the premiere events for the film, and being a friend we were able to create an Oscar gown that celebrated her iconic and brilliant performance." Kate Mulleavy adds: "Seeing her nominated and winning at the Oscars was one of the most special moments of our career."
 Onward and upward! Graduation is all about new beginnings and fresh starts. Help graduates of any age remember their roots with gifts that make staying in touch easy no matter what the next chapter holds. Packing for a trip back home is a cinch when there’s an unbreakable piece of luggage in the mix. This one comes with a built-in charger to keep them connected wherever they go. Help new grads keep up with important dates (and their favorite photos) with an easy-to-personalize desk calendar. Scrolling through a feed of pics on their phone screen is fine, but when it comes to holding on to memories, nothing beats a printed photo keepsake. There’s no reason a smart phone shouldn’t be as chic or functional as the rest of your accessories; this off-white leather version comes with a hidden pocket for stashing business cards. No more “my phone died” excuses. This iridescent charger works with any smart phone and goes everywhere, too. The ultimate keep-in-touch accessory, the Apple Watch, gets a super chic upgrade thanks to this double wrap band in luxe leather. A gorgeous keychain lets grads know they’ll always have a place at home. Every grown-up should have a stash of classic blank notecards on hand. With a classic ticking stripe envelope liner and gold foil border, this initialed set fills that requisite perfectly. State-of-the-art, super discreet bluetooth headphones allow grads to make calls home whenever—and wherever—the mood strikes. A streamlined shape in brass and copper takes the classic mechanical pencil into luxury territory—and makes writing by hand a pleasure rather than a chore.
 The brand introduces another drug-inspired accessory. Vetements doesn't stray far from provocative—and at times questionable—designs. (Remember the butt-zipper jeans and weed grinder necklace?) But one accessory in its recently-released Fall 2017 collection proved the brand has actually outdone itself. Enter the snuff necklace, a silver chain and pendant that features a "tubular compartment pendant with turn-screw opening featuring integrated spoon hardware." In other words, it's a coke necklace. This actually isn't our first time seeing the accessory. The brand first released the necklace last year and flaunted it on Instagram.   In stock @kuznetskymost20 A post shared by  VETEMENTS (@vetements_official) on Dec 1, 2016 at 7:36am PST And it teased the pendant again before releasing the fall collection to retail. The grinder necklace and a matching lighter case are also in the mix.  COMING SOON A post shared by  VETEMENTS (@vetements_official) on Aug 23, 2017 at 9:51am PDT If Studio 54-inspired drug paraphernalia is up your alley, the piece is currently being sold for $350 on Ssense. shop
 The designer has pledged to donate proceeds from her handbag sales to Save the Children. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. For designer Gabriela Hearst, her genius plan to use her hero handbags as a vehicle to raise awareness for the severe drought in east Africa—which has left vast swaths of the continent from South Sudan to Tanzania parched and on the brink of famine—came when she traveled more than seven thousand miles from her home in New York to Turkana County, Kenya with Save the Children. This week only you can skip the (miles long) wait-list to purchase Hearst’s ultra-covetable Nina bag and other sculptural leather totes on Net-a-Porter and at Bergdorf Goodman, where they are available for the first time, and support her pledged $600,000 donation to Save the Children towards food, livestock and clean water to see more than 1,0000 families through the next harvest. Here she talks with Harper’s Bazaar exclusively about her experiences in Kenya, the looming hunger emergency, and why fashion must be more conscious. HARPER'S BAZAAR: How did you decide to get involved with Save The Children’s famine relief efforts in Kenya? GABRIELA HEARST: I've been very worried about the drought in the semi-arid region of Africa because there are around 20 million people at risk of famine. Camels are dying. When camels are dying, it's a problem. Dying of hunger is not a good way to die. The way I see it is the big picture: this is our future. Climate change is the number one threat to us as a species. We live in our bubbles of comfort, of air conditioning and pre-made things and don’t like to think about it, but what's happening there, it's going to happen to all of us. HB: And so you went there? GH: I wanted to go see it with my own eyes. I wasn’t sure what I wanted to do but I knew that I wanted to help because I felt like there was a direct connection to what I care about, which is women and the environment. I traveled with Save the Children president and CEO Carolyn Miles in July. We visited mobile health centers, which are basically huts, where every two weeks the field workers come and do mass screening for malnutrition where they measure the circumference of the head, the circumference of the arms. They give out these lifesaving Ready-to-Use Therapeutic Food packets that are flavored like peanut butter and contain 500 calories. They also treat the children for respiratory infection and other illnesses that malnutrition can cause. HB: What was the most surprising thing you witnessed? GH: Some of the mothers said to me, “We're going to go to the river,” and at the river, there was no river. It was just a dry riverbed where the women dig holes for hours to get water. I realized that women, we're the same everywhere. We have to fight for our kids. HB: Did your experience match your preconceptions? GH: I thought I was going to feel a lot of sadness, but what I felt was admiration. One of the most inspiring things I experienced was home visits to children in recovery. These women lost everything, they have no more animals. Yet they are still striving and doing everything they can to survive. Save the Children also runs a cash transfer program that provides families with a $50 monthly stipend for the things they most urgently need, food and livestock. The problem is that in the region where I was there's 1,000 families, and Save the Children only has funds to cover 100 of them. And so, I came back and I was like, "this is what I want to target"—because obviously the problem is so big, and it needs a lot of attention that it's not getting and my hope is that more donors will step forward—but I could raise $600,000 to cover the rest of the families that Save the Children couldn't cover. Gabriela Hearst bags, $1,495-$2,795, net-a-porter.com. SHOP HB: How did you devise your fundraising strategy? GH: I asked myself what is my hottest commodity? And it's the Nina and my other bags. When I talked to Net-a-Porter and Bergdorf Goodman, they really wanted to help, and so we thought of the idea of having the bags available for one week only, from October 1st and October 8th. I need to sell around 1,000 bags to cover the $600,000 I’ve pledged. I’ve signed the contract already, so I better come up with it!
 She's just one button away from being naked. Kim Kardashian's New York Fashion Week style so far has been experimental, and borderline naked. Not only has she worn sheer tights as pants, the reality star just wore a Vivienne Westwood trench coat as a dress. And there's just one tiny button holding the whole look together: As always, Kim manages to make the tiniest amount of clothing look super chic. Most of us wouldn't dare to leave the house in just a trench coat, but the app mogul has no fear, and makes the look work. Plus, the coat totally compliments her new silver blonde hair.
 A Central Saint Martins grad student just won the L’Oréal Young Talent Award for these innovative designs.  Every once in a while, a runway design captures the entire internet's attention for its lavishness, quirkiness, or even ridiculousness. But last night, a Central Saint Martins graduate student debuted a collection that made all of our jaws drop for its never-before-seen innovation.  Fredrik Tjaerandsen, a Norwegian grad student, presented a collection of shape-shifting balloon dress designs at the college's annual BA Fashion show. What began as giant colorful balloons quickly transformed into rubber dresses and two-piece top and skirt sets. The videos, which have unsurprisingly taken over Instagram, are completely mesmerizing and mind-blowing to watch.   Tjaerandsen's avant-garde designs took home the L’Oréal Professionnel Young Talent Award last night, the highest award Central Saint Martins' design students can receive. In an interview with Love Magazine, the design student revealed how the inflatable balloon garments work. “I have constructed these pieces with an air pressure system that lets the wearer control the air-flow," he said. "Whenever the wearer wants to deflate it, they open a latch inside to release the inverted bubble part and then that dives out of the deflating bubble." Done in an array of bright colors, models demonstrated how the designs work in real-time on the runway. As they walked, they activated the latch inside the balloon to transform the piece into a wearable rubber dress.   At the end of the show, the designer posed with his looks on the runway upon receiving his award. And given the fact that this is just the beginning of his career, we can bet this is only the first we'll see of Tjaerandsen's work in fashion.  You can watch the full BA Fashion Show below:
 This marks the first time a womenswear brand has collaborated with legendary band.  Taking the merch trend to new heights, Alice + Olivia is joining forces with The Beatles for a limited-edition capsule collection.  Paying homage to the legendary band's most iconic works, the 15-piece collection is notable as it marks the first time a womenswear brand has collaborated with the band. And while we've all grown accustomed to the streetwear-infused tour merch from Kanye West, Kendrick Lamar, and more, Alice + Olivia's take on Beatlemania brings a much-welcomed sunny, bright, and retro vibe to the merch scene.  From a t-shirt dress emblazoned with the classic “Abbey Road” album cover to a sequined bomber jacket reading "Come Together" (which feels just as fitting in 2017 as it did in 1969), the pieces puts a modern-day spin on the band's '60s-infused aesthetic.  The limited-edition collection coincides with the U.S. premiere of the documentary, The Beatles: Eight Days a Week: The Touring Years,” which premieres on PBS November 25. Ranging in price from $195-$1,295, the Alice + Olivia x The Beatles collection is available to pre-order online now—shop the pieces below. 
 How to dress like the Duchess of Sussex.  At this point, it's no secret that we're royally obsessed with Meghan Markle's style. From her first public outing with Prince Harry, the Duchess of Sussex has crafted a minimal, chic, and ultra-modern royal wardrobe. Whether she's wearing a little black dress or a plush wrap coat, the royal brings a bit of understated elegance to all of her looks. In the spirit of channeling her style, we're rounding up all of Meghan's signature pieces and where to shop them. And because most of her looks sell out as soon as she wears them, we also rounded up some alternative options that are sure to get the Meghan stamp of approval. Click through to shop them all.  When it comes to outerwear, the duchess has a penchant for minimalist looks that make a statement. From plush neutral wrap coats to oversized double-breasted jackets and classic trenches, Meghan proves the classics always work well when it comes to coats.  Meghan's ultra-chic Mackage coat is still available to shop in the sand hue she prefers. Though the Duchess' tartan Burberry coat is sold out, this double-breasted coat achieves the same look in another Meghan-approved color scheme.  Showing her love for a British wardrobe staple, Meghan has proven a classic trench coat is always timeless and chic. This option offers an affordable way to get the look.   While pregnant, the Duchess of Sussex wore this chic cream coat to a gala with Prince Harry. Take note from her and wear it with a white ensemble for a monochromatic look.  The Duchess of Sussex opts for neutral, structured bags no matter what the occassion. For a dressier look, she typically accessorized with a black and gold clutch. For a larger bag—whether a tote or ladylike caryall—she loves a cognac leather look.  Worn for Meghan's first public outing with Prince Harry, this buttery leather tote bag is a wardrobe essential for any woman—royal or not. A fan of black and gold clutches, Meghan carried this Kayu bag while arriving to Fiji for an official royal tour.  As for handbags, Meghan often carries a structured ladylike handbag—like this Strathberry style she's toted on multiple occasions.  Meghan has proven a midi pencil skirt is anything but boring—especially when done in leather or flared silhouettes.   For a visit to Nottingham Academy, Meghan styled a camel midi skirt with a black turtleneck and knee-high boots for an ultra-chic classic moment. This similar piece can achieve the same look just as well.  Giving the classic 9-to-5 pencil skirt an update, Meghan opted for a green leather skirt for a public outing. Though her exact Hugo Boss skirt has since sold out, this black Stella McCartney option still feels duchess-approved.  Olive green has proven to be one of the duchess' go-to colors. This affordable belted version is perfect for the office and beyond.  Meghan tends to stick to the classics, typically opting for crisp button-downs and turtlenecks that illustrate why less is more.  Worn by Meghan on her first public outing with Prince Harry, this classic white button-down is aptly called "The Husband Shirt."  The Duchess is a fan of both turtlenecks and sustainable fashion brand Everlane, making this the perfect Meghan-approved wardrobe staple.  Worn with a pair of white, wide-leg trousers, Meghan stepped out in this blue-and-white button-down for an outing with Kate Middleton at Wimbledon.   When it comes to footwear, Meghan's style is ladylike and simple. Think classic pointed toe pumps, Rothy's flats, and leather knee-high boots.  On numerous occasions, the Duchess has rocked these classic black pumps with cut-out detailing and a tassel. Perfect for a sexy night out or a dressed-up meeting at the office.  A fan of Sarah Flint shoes, Meghan wore these flats on her first public outing with Prince Harry. Wear these with jeans for a more casual look, or with a dress for the office.    While on the royal tour of Australia, Meghan wore these under-$200 boots with a pair of skinny jeans and her gray checked blazer by Serena Williams.   Making for her most affordable (and practical) shoe yet, the Duchess of Sussex wore these flats while at a beach event on the royal tour of Australia.  Whether it's with a bright colorful dress or a neutral pencil skirt, she can't stop, won't stop wearing suede nude pumps. Her favorite pair? These classic Manolo pumps.  Meghan topped off an all-black ensemble with these ultra chic black leather boots. Wear them with jeans, midi dresses, or skirts throughout fall and winter.   One of the royal's most defining style signatures is the blazer, whether paired with dark-wash jeans or draped over her shoulders with a dress.  Though the Serena Williams blazer Meghan wore with skinny jeans and boots instantly sold out, this checked H&M blazer achieves the same look.  Back in the spring, Meghan draped this buttoned blazer over her shoulders for an editor-approved look.  Meghan styled a similar white striped blazer by L'Agence (it has since sold out) with a black turtleneck and pants while on the royal tour of Australia.  And let's not forget one of Meghan's most memorable blazer looks: a little black tuxedo dress which she wore to an evening viewing of Hamilton at London's West End.  When it comes to dresses, the Duchess leans towards midi hemlines and modern silhouettes—and predominantly favors Audrey Hepburn-inspired boat neck silhouettes.  
 Tomo Koizumi's runway debut starred Gwendoline Christie, EmRata, Bella Hadid, Rowan Blanchard, and more. It was a quiet, windy Friday night in the midst of a lackluster New York Fashion Week schedule. When the fashion crowd showed up for the debut of an unknown Japanese costume designer, they weren't sure what to expect. What unfolded, however, was one of those rare, magical fashion moments that takes the whole room's breath away.  Dramatic gowns of rainbow confection cascaded down a sweeping staircase. An impressive cast of models, from actresses Gwendoline Christie and Rowan Blanchard to models Bella Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski, Joan Smalls, and Karen Elson hit the runway. A grand finale of colorful gowns led to even grander applause. All this for the work of Tokyo-based costume designer Tomo Koizumi, who was discovered on Instagram a mere month ago.  Koizumi's New York Fashion Week debut was a parade of dreamy, cloud-like gowns in a spectrum of striking colors. But it was also a modern-day fashion fairytale. Stylist Katie Grand discovered the Japanese designer's work while scrolling Instagram last month and immediately reached out to see if he wanted to do a show. The rest is history.   Editors and industry insiders squeezed into the lower level of Marc Jacobs' Madison Avenue store, a space Jacobs had offered for the show. Pat McGrath did the makeup, Guido Palau the hair. The music was quiet, but the over-the-top tulle gowns did all the talking.     Koizumi is not a trained fashion designer. According to a WWD profile, he's a self-taught costume designer from Tokyo, where he works with just one assistant. This week marks his second-ever visit to New York and his first time meeting Grand in person. Neither she nor Koizumi know what the designer's future looks like in the fashion industry, but the stylist felt passionate about sharing his work at New York Fashion Week.   "We know what’s going to happen every season or what the process is. It’s quite nice to just do something spontaneous and last minute,” she told WWD, "We’re very conscious of images and television and films being digested at a rate. This does seem to sum up something that’s going on at the moment, but I can’t quite put my finger on what. You can spend six months on a campaign and swipe right on Instagram and you get six images in less than 30 seconds."   Will we all be wearing Koizumi's extravagant gowns next season? Probably not, but that wasn't quite the point. At a time when the fashion week format seems stale and uninspired, a staircase filled with colorful, joy-sparking gowns from a young designer was a much-needed reminder that the runway can still be a magical place. Especially when you have Jacobs and Grand as your fashion fairy godparents.     If Gwendolyn Christie can make it up this staircase in this giant gown, you can make it through anything 🌈 Scenes from @tomokoizumi ‘s magical #NYFW debut tonight ❤️✨ A post shared by  Lauren Alexis Fisher (@laurenalexisnyc) on Feb 8, 2019 at 4:15pm PST  @misskarenelson @bellahadid @emrata @rowanblanchard @tomokoizumi ♥️🦋 A post shared by  Katie Eleanor Grand (@kegrand) on Feb 8, 2019 at 6:46pm PST  
 Calling all shoe lovers! This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Stuart Weitzman is sharing his personal shoe collection for the first time—and it's every shoe lovers dream. The Walk This Way exhibition, housed at the New-York Historical Society, explores how shoes have changed from their utilitarian purpose to become representations of culture— highlighting key parts of women's history and expressing complicated meanings of femininity, power, and aspiration for women and men alike. Walk This Way: Footwear from the Stuart Weitzman Collection of Historic Shoes highlights 100 pairs of shoes from the iconic designer’s extensive private collection—including one pair that's literally worth a million dollars and dripping in diamonds.  On view from now through October 8, this is one exhibition that shoe lovers don't want to miss. 
 From low-heeled ankle boots to block heel pumps.  No one wants to struggle on their commute and then spend the entire work day in toe-slipping, ankle-scarring heels. Whether you work in a creative field or on the more corporate side, comfort comes first; especially when there are copious amounts of emails to be answered, meetings to attend, and running to do. From the block heel to the ankle boot, these are the 5 most comfortable styles of work shoes to wear to your 9-to-5.  Mules—whether minimal or intricately detailed—are an easy slide-on shoe that are virtually painless. With all the different iterations currently on-trend, the options are endless now. Wear them with everything from sweater dresses and tailored trousers to turtlenecks and midi skirts.  These neutral-but-not sandals will easily become your go-to. With a walkable heel and thick straps, your foot will glide in and stay there.  You can't go wrong with a kitten heel done in buttery leather. These must-have mules from Maria Giudicelli are transitional, and comfortable enough, to take your work wardrobe from summer to fall.  Sky-high boots may give the height you desire, but also the arch pain that you don't. After running back and forth from the office to the coffee counter all day, make life a bit easier with a low-heeled boot. They're the perfect height for comfort, leg-lengthening, and showing off a cropped pair of trousers.  This sleek and chic kitten heel boot has a lace-up front and a fashion-forward pointed toe, making it the perfect option for spicing up a power suit.  For Parisian ease done in polished suede, these luxe ankle boots will lead you out of the office and to a late dinner.  Also known as "doll shoes," Mary Jane shoes provide comfort because of their incline and ankle strap. The modernized versions come in croc-embossed, suede, and heeled iterations. Wear them with anything from leather pencil skirts to A-line dresses.  These comfortable options from Repetto come in patent leather and feature a walkable block heel.  Leave it to style icons Mary-Kate and Ashley to make the ideal Mary Jane at The Row. Wear them with polished separates or minimal shift dresses for work.  Block heel pumps are a classic 9-to-5 shoe that will never steer you wrong. Thanks to a sturdy heel, they're easy to walk in without sacrificing style.  Put an updated twist on the classic shoe with a square-toe iteration that's on-trend for fall.  Everlane's cult-favorite day pumps come in a variety of color options for fall. This buttery honey pair will fit seamlessly into your fall wardrobe.  If you're lucky enough to work in a creative field where strict dress codes are a thing of the past, look to the work sneaker. When worn with suiting separates and tailored pants, this beyond-comfortable shoe becomes desk appropriate.  A white Converse is a classic, comfortable sneaker but this off white hue adds an elevated look to every office-ready ensemble.  Wearing these easy sneakers on an early morning commute will make the entire train ride infinitely better. 
 The iconic VS Angel is hanging up her wings.   Adriana Lima is saying goodbye to Victoria's Secret after hitting the runway for the 18th and last time. After repping the famous lingerie brand for two decades, the 37-year-old modeling legend did her final walk this evening, ending an era for VS Angels. In honor of Lima's departure, we're looking back at her VS fashion show legacy.  Catch Lima's VSFS sendoff in full when the fashion show airs on Sunday, December 2 on ABC. Find out where to watch the broadcast here. Lima was covered in gold body chains for a Victoria's Secret fashion show during the AmfAR charity gala in Cannes, France. In a classic look from Victoria's Secret's aughts era, Lima wore a white bustier mini dress and frothy wings with metallic tassels.  Lima went bold in a a neon pink and orange look, strutting in knee-high transparent boots.  Lima crossed the glittery catwalk in low-rise undies and a matching push-up bra, with a pair of classic white wings. Adriana went green with ribbon-inspired wings, a spaghetti-strap bandeau top, and hip-hugging bottoms. Lima turned up the sparkle in white lingerie, a jeweled body chain, and a white feathered-duster layered on top. In this Candyland-inspired set, Lima donned a playful pink and yellow ensemble.  Adriana went for a black and white color scheme in these ombre wings and bejeweled bra.  The model went sporty in this neon green and orange look, complete with athletic-inspired wedges.   Lima worked this steamy black and red ensemble, complete with an abstract collar and thigh-high lace stockings with garters.  Lima went full ring leader in a colorful circus-inspired look.  Lima turned up the heat in this monochrome red ensemble, which included heart-shaped wing, arm-length gloves, a garter belt, and strappy metallic pumps. When the VS show filmed in London, Lima rocked a black lace look with sheer bustier, a tutu, and spire-like matching wings.  Lima gave us angles in this pink leotard paired with multicolored stripe feathers and lime green cage sandals.  This vibrant ensemble even had dragonflies attached to the wings. Adriana was all smiles in this super-strappy all-black look from the VS show in Shanghai. Lima takes her final walk.
 The Angels are staying home this year. It's been a busy couple of years for the Victoria Secret Angels—from London to Paris and last year in Shanghai they've certainly racked up some frequent flier miles.  This year's lingerie extravaganza will officially relocate back to its home in New York, where it all started in 1995. The brand announced the news today on Instagram and Twitter with several photos of their top models carrying precious feathered angel wings all over Manhattan. Sara Sampaio was spotted in Grand Central, Elsa Hosk coming out of a subway station, and Josephine Skriver hailing a taxi.  The casting call for this year's show, which also takes place in New York, just wrapped up last week, and the girls were quick to post to Instagram to confirm their placement in the most talked-about runway show in the world. There will be 18 new faces on that sparkly runway. This will also be the third year in a row that at least one official Victoria Secret Angel will be missing from the lineup. Behati Prinsloo has been out for the last two years since giving birth to two baby girls, but is likely to return this year. Candice Swanepoel missed out on the Paris show, but walked in Shanghai when she was a few months pregnant. This year Lily Aldridge will be out as she is pregnant with her second child.  Last year, the brand also faced some issues with their Shanghai spectacle due to the visa rules in China. Several girls who were promised a spot on the runway were denied visas. Mayowa Nicholas, Kate Grigorieva and even Gigi Hadid were unable to spread their wings last year but Nicholas and Hadid are confirmed to walk this year's show. 
 We break down three different looks that you can shop right now. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In the latest episode of This Look Is Money, some of our favorite influencers show us how they stay on trend without spending thousands of dollars. Read on to see how Anthony Urbano, Margot Lee, and Candice Wu break down the more reasonably priced pieces from their wardrobe—all of which you can shop right now. Who are you wearing? How much did it cost? What favors are you calling in? Think: something old, something new, something borrowed, and something bought resale. Prepare yourself for some major fashion inspiration.   "I splurge the most on things that I can wear season after season and more than once," says Urbano, a personal style blogger. "The trend pieces [...] I don't typically spend too much on." Here's how Urbano styles some of this season's most raging trends.  He builds off his fit from some chunky sneakers, which he purchased from online retailer ASOS. With a pair of baggy navy-blue pants by H&M and a tie-dye shirt from Marshalls, Urbano looks relaxed and fashion-forward. He layers the colorful tie-dye shirt with a blue-and-white-striped button-up and a denim jacket from ASOS. For accessories, he opts for silver rings, classic Ray-Ban shades, and a necklace strap that doubles as a phone case.   "The most important thing for me when it comes to my fashion is that I'm super comfortable," Lee says. "So, that usually means I'm wearing at least one really oversized piece." The oversized piece that Lee wears in this episode is a thrifted tan blazer. Keeping in line with the neutral outerwear, she pairs the blazer with light brown wool MM6 sneakers and a white wool fanny pack.  She also opts for a classic black slip by Cynthia Rowley. A Joe Boxer watch, thick graphite hoop earrings, and a Zodiac ring make up the bulk of her accessories.   "For my personal style, I can't live without statement pieces," says Wu, a part-time stylist. "For the statement pieces I love, I definitely will spend a lot of money to invest in it because it will elevate my style." From her black Alexander McQueen loafers outfitted with hot-pink butterfly decals to her mesh top featuring comic book illustrations, Wu definitely has plenty of bold statement pieces in this look.  She balances out the bold pieces with a white blazer by Zara and a high-rise black leather skirt. Her flashy accessories include a dark green leather dog bag by Wan Hung, asymmetrical gold-wire flower earrings, and sunglasses by DIFF. Watch the rest of the video above to see all the pieces Anthony, Margot, and Candice are wearing, and add them to your cart. Don't forget to subscribe to BAZAAR's YouTube channel so you never miss an episode of This Look Is Money, Go to Bed with Me, Royal Tea with Rickey Thompson, Heel Hunters, Little Black Book, and Food Diaries.
 The actor was just announced as the first-ever face of Coach Men's.  Congratulations are in order for my boyfriend, who you all may formally know as Michael B. Jordan, for his new gig as the face of Coach Men's. The actor is the first ever global ambassador of the brand's menswear line.  Announcing the news, Jordan shared a behind-the-scenes photo on Instagram—which we should all immediately make our desktop background—writing, "With any creative endeavor, it’s all about finding the right fit. My next role, the face of @Coach men's. Excited to work with @StuartVevers and the entire Coach fam. Good things on the way. 💥"  With any creative endeavor, it’s all about finding the right fit.My next role, the face of @Coach men's. Excited to work with @StuartVevers and the entire Coach fam. Good things on the way. 💥 #CoachxMBJ #CoachNY A post shared by  Michael B. Jordan (@michaelbjordan) on Sep 20, 2018 at 9:00am PDT I know it's a little early to be making holiday wish lists, but I already know that all I want for Christmas this year is Michael B. Jordan in a Coach hoodie. Anyway, back to the design partnership...Jordan's role with Coach will include special design projects with creative director Stuart Vevers, philanthropic work with the Coach Foundation, and of course, global fashion campaigns for Coach men’s ready-to-wear, accessories, and fragrance (how did we get so lucky?).  "I’m honored to be joining the Coach family and have so much respect for Stuart Vevers’ vision. I’m looking forward to jumping into the creative process and exploring fashion through a different lens," Jordan said in a statement from the brand.   Our thoughts exactly. We're this excited to welcome Michael B. Jordan to the Coach fam as the new face of Coach Men's. @MichaelBJordan #CoachxMBJ #CoachNY A post shared by  Coach (@coach) on Sep 20, 2018 at 9:10am PDT We're already looking forward to all of the men's fashion magic to come. And now I really want a Coach Men's logo hoodie for myself. You can shop Jordan's look now below. 
 An exclusive sale of rare and vintage bags is here for eBay's October Handbag Month. During a week of endless push notifications, here's one that won't make you want to throw your phone out a window. In honor of National Handbag Day on October 10 (yes, it's a real holiday), eBay is launching an exclusive sale of rare and vintage bags by Chanel and Louis Vuitton for the month of October.  From Louis Vuitton's iconic collections with Stephen Sprouse and Jeff Koons to vintage and limited-edition Chanel bags, eBay's sale is filled with rare finds that all feel worthy of a splurge. (There are even pieces from Louis Vuitton's collaboration with Supreme, which sold out instantly across the globe.)  The pieces are all part of eBay’s newly-launched Authenticate program, which ensures that every designer item is hand-checked for authenticity by the brand’s handbag experts—aka you don't have to worry about being catfished with a fake designer bag anymore.  Running for the month of October (unless they sell out before then), the Louis Vuitton and Chanel bag sales each feature over 100 styles of bags with prices starting out at $260 for wallets and ranging up into the thousands. If there was ever a time to treat yourself, it's now.
 The fashion giant is struggling. Despite high-profile collaborations with both Erdem and Nicki Minaj last fall, H&M admitted that it is sitting on a stockpile of $4.3 billion worth of unsold dresses, accessories, and other clothing and has seen a 62 percent drop in profits in the three months through February of this year, The New York Times reports. While this is bad news for the Swedish retailer, which also owns Cos and & Other Stories, it’s great news for everyone else since H&M plans to slash prices in the upcoming months to get rid of the unsold stock to fix the problem. But some of that inventory includes months-old Halloween costumes and Christmas sweaters, according to the Washington Post.  The massive pile of unsold clothing—a 7 percent increase in the past year—is just one example of how the fashion giant has been unable to keep up in a world where more shoppers are skipping stores and heading online to buy clothes instead. In addition to cutting prices, H&M also plans to cut back on opening new stores and focus their efforts on expanding their online business by 25 percent this year.  However, that might not be enough to fix the problem and financial analysts aren’t optimistic about the company. In fact, one even called H&M “a slow-motion wreck” after seeing the company’s first quarter results, according to The New York Times. Part of the problem is that the millennial consumer base is starting to opt for well-made clothes rather than cheap "throwaway products," Milton Pedraza, CEO of New York-based market research firm Luxury Institute, told the Washington Post. They're more interested in "classic and quality, neither of which H&M has been able to deliver." But for those who are still loyal to H&M, keep an eye out for massive sales in the upcoming months.
 Save your all-black ensembles for next year. This season is all about COLOR.  As the temperatures start to drop, we're quick to embrace a wardrobe full of neutrals, from camels and browns to grays and blacks. But this fall, you may want to trade in your trusted noir turtlenecks and tan coats for a bold, bright, and totally unexpected color palette.  If the fall 2019 runways were any indication, the season's standard sea of buttery neutrals and monochromatic darks is about to get infused with shades of shocking pink, purple, orange, neon yellow, and fashion's favorite new color: pistachio green. Liven up your wardrobe with these fall color trends that are actually quite groundbreaking.  After seasons of asking what the next millennial pink is, we finally have an answer: pistachio green. Popping up on several fall 2019 runways, the color quickly began taking over Instagram and the street style scene. The soft hue feels fresh, especially for the fall/winter season, and looks good in both apparel and accessory forms.  Clockwise from top left: Sally LaPointe, Jil Sander, Ryan Roche, Marc Jacobs  Work the hue into your fall wardrobe with a midi skirt that's easy to style with boots, jackets, and sweaters.  For a pop of the color, try Staud's buzzy new It bag shape that lends a little early 2000s nostalgia.  Whether worn with black or white boots, this soft floral frock is unexpected for fall but guaranteed to become your go-to.  Purple has long been a polarizing color among the fashion set, but it's staging a triumphant comeback in all shades this season. From pastel lilacs to deep violets and all that's in between, purple hit the fall 2019 runways in dress, coat, sweater, and even hat form. For a softer take on the trend, opt for a shade of lavender or lilac.  Clockwise from top left: Lanvin, Cushnie, Sally LaPointe, Tom Ford A trench coat that's anything but basic. Bring a little bit of color into your fall wardrobe with this lavender jacket that'll shield you from the rain and look extra chic when layered with all your chunky knit sweaters.  Embrace turtleneck season in a fresh new hue. Wear this cropped sweater with high-waisted jeans on the weekend and your favorite midi skirt or trousers for the office.  Add a pair of knee-high boots and you've got an instantly chic (and effortless) look.  The great Elle Woods once declared that anyone who said orange was the new pink was "seriously disturbed."  But contrary to her passionate hot take, there's room for both orange and pink this season. Brands like Carolina Herrera and Staud sent head-to-toe orange looks down the runway, proving the color is better when bolder. And Sies Marjan paired the bright hue with an equally bright pink, bringing forth the ultimate unexpected fall color palette.  Clockwise from left: Sies Marjan, Staud, Carolina Herrera Continuing in our '90s nostalgia, we've still got cardigan fever this season. Try the look in a bright orange for a fresh take on the wardrobe classic.  This splurge-worthy orange coat will have you standing out among a sea of all-black outerwear.  There's nothing more effortless than an easy-to-throw-on sweaterdress. Try it in this '70s-inspired burnt orange that will act as a neutral in your closet.  We may be millennial pink-ed out, but there's plenty of room for bright, hot pink in our closets. Liven up your go-to fall color palette of blacks, browns, and grays with a shade of shocking pink that'll wake you up on the chilliest of fall days. Take note from Jacquemus and try the look in coat form or go the Chanel route and try it out in a suit.  Clockwise from top left: Jacquemus, Molly Goddard, Chanel, Valentino  Your work wardrobe needs to have a little fun too. This hot pink blazer is boardroom or bust.  Because you can never have enough midi slip skirts, add a hot pink style to your rotation. Pair it with a chunky knit sweater for a fresh fall look.  Black pants are cool, but have you ever tried a pair of hot pink trousers instead? These offer an instant LEWK that will have you turning heads for all the right reasons.  Surprising us all, neons popped up on countless fall 2019 runways, from New York to Milan to Paris. Whether you go for jacket, sweater, or dress form, this is one way to stand out in all of winter's storms.   Clockwise from top left: Versace, Sies Marjan, Nina Ricci, Marine Serre Style this oversized neon button-down with bike shorts for a cool, off-duty weekend look or trousers for your nine-to-five.  Combining not one, not two, but three fall trends in one: This neon python belt bag will instantly add an extra layer of cool to any look in your closet. Yes, you need a pair of neon statement-making pants in your life. Add a white tee and pumps, and you're good to go. 
 Inside the pink and lilac world of Staud... Sarah Staudinger, founder of Staud, has a new New York outpost for her eponymous brand. With vintage Italian chairs, marble accoutrement and enough pink and lavender to float away on, the interiors are Insta-bait at its finest. The interiors are all self-done, "Mainly because it's fun and when you do it yourself, it creates an intimacy with whoever visits," the designer explains. "That can be challenging when it's just someone else's project." Staud's bucket bags have become retail gold for the brand, but there's a whole line of retro-inspired cool-girl clothes to back them up. BAZAAR.com stopped by the newly-debuted SoHo showroom while Staudinger was showing her fun new Fall collection straight out of "Clueless" to editors and buyers. Go inside the sweeping space and see what's next for this burgeoning brand. Tell me about the inspiration for the design of the space? The inspo came primarily from two of our artist friends, Luckey Remington and Carly Jo Morgan. Luckey makes these beautiful, bold sculptural works that we've collected over the years. We asked him to reinterpret a few of his pieces as product displays, and we couldn't have been happier with the outcome. Carly most recently has been creating furniture in pink terrazzo. We commissioned a super low coffee table to go with two '70s vintage b&b; itlaia chairs we've had sitting in storage forever. It was great to be finally able to use them.   Staud dress, $425,stuad.com. SHOP Where do you like to shop for interiors in NYC? We also got some beautiful pieces from Coming Soon in LES, they have amazing things! We also purchased online from Spartan Shop. A close up of the marble that Pinterest pages are made for... Why did you want to open a New York showroom now? We did two seasons out of the Bowery Hotel, which was great. Fortunately, our wholesale business has expanded enough to create the need for a full time NYC showroom that also serves as an office for our director of sales who is based on the East Coast.  In addition to its own e-commerce site, Staud is also available at Net-a-Porter, Matches Fashion and more.  You plan to change up the showroom seasonally. How and why are you taking that approach? You want the vibe of the space to reflect the vibe of that season's collection. It could be as simple as all new plants and flowers, switching up a few area rugs, or a new hue of paint color.  Which designers do you gravitate towards outside of your own label? The Row and Ganni. How do you keep Staud a sustainable label? We don’t over cut items, every piece is made with mindfulness, and we do not use fur. Staud's unofficial mascot... You don’t do runway shows; what do you think is the best way to get your brand message out to your customers? Through our content. We put a lot of time into creating interesting and meaningful imagery. It’s one of the most important aspects of our brand. All those cult bags all in a row... Who is the Staud girl to you? The Staud girl to me is me. It’s the girl who wants to feel stylish and unique without having to spend a fortune. She likes to mix high and lows and is a smart shopper. Where would you like to see Staud in five years? Many new categories—and our own brick and mortar stores.
 The ads star the names of Kaia Gerber, Taraji P. Henson, and Behati Prinsloo—but not the faces.  For his Spring 2018 campaign, Alexander Wang cast some big names: Kaia Gerber, Zoë Kravitz, Taraji P. Henson, Behati Prinsloo, and more—but not their faces.  The brand's spring ads forgo the traditional route of models wearing the new collection and instead feature flat images of products selected by the campaign stars. Each of Wang's muses selected a piece from the spring range, wore it in real life, then shared a quote about where they wore it. "Drinking a Fatburger chocolate shake," Prinsloo's states (which, same).   Kravitz, on the other hand, selected a deconstructed t-shirt dress that she plans to wear "by the fire" with her man.  In a statement from the brand, Wang offered more of an insight into the inspiration behind the campaign: Gerber selected two objects: a leather biker bustier she wore to "a birthday with a tight-knit crew" (obviously Sweet 16 parties have changed since my time) and a pair of hung up heels for an "impromptu after party on the beach in Malibu." Henson, meanwhile, chose a men's blazer she wore to one of her movie premieres.  See the full campaign now at AlexanderWang.com and shop the collection here. 
 Chanel and Versace are also slated to show runways in New York this December.   The Europeans are coming for New York. Following news that both Chanel and Versace are staging shows in New York this December, Louis Vuitton has announced plans to bring its Cruise 2020 runway to the Big Apple this spring. After several seasons of American designers, including Altuzarra and Rodarte, giving up their New York Fashion Week spots for venues in Paris, it appears European designers are ready to trade places. Louis Vuitton's creative director Nicolas Ghesquière announced the brand's news on Instagram, revealing its next traveling Cruise show would be held in New York on May 8, 2019.  The French fashion house has previously staged its globe-trotting Cruise collections in the French Riviera, Kyoto, and Rio de Janeiro. Each runway has been held in a stunning location from a vantage point overlooking the Shigaraki Mountains in Japan to the Niterói Contemporary Art Museum in Rio de Janeiro—making for spectacular backdrops for its cruise collections. It's unclear where exactly in New York the brand will unveil its Cruise 2020 collection.  Vuitton's American-held runway will come on the heels of Chanel's Metiers d'Art Pre-Fall 2019 show and Versace's Pre-Fall 2019 show, both of which will take place in New York this December. Chanel is slated to present its first New York-based runway in over a decade on December 4 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, while Versace will show its first ever pre-fall collection on December 2, the late Gianni Versace's birthday. 
 The philosopher-king of cashmere looks back on four decades of Italian ingenuity.  In the rolling hills of Umbria, Italy, Brunello Cucinelli has built his city upon a hill—literally. The 65-year-old Italian designer with a penchant for quoting Socrates and Saint Benedict has been painstakingly restoring a medieval village called Solomeo, all the while transforming a quiet rural community into a thriving manufacturing center. For more than two decades, a 14th-century castlecum- factory was the unlikely provenance of gorgeous cashmere separates now carried at more than 126 Brunello Cucinelli stores around the world. In this textile utopia—where employees are paid 20 percent above the national average—Cucinelli, the son of a cement factory worker, has rebuilt squares, repaved streets, and added a theater and a library.   “My main source of inspiration was the teary eyes of my father when he used to be humiliated and offended at work,” he says.Now Cucinelli is setting his sights beyond the walls of SoloBmeo’s honey-colored castle. Due to the brand’s exponential growth, the company headquarters was moved permanently in 2010 to the valley below the village. “This area wasn’t so gracious,” Cucinelli says of land that had been filled with industrial buildings and warehouses. “So we decided to embellish it.” Never content to do anything by half measures, Cucinelli embarked on an ever-so-modestly titled “Project for Beauty,” to be completed this fall. The headquarters will be encircled by a large garden, and an agricultural park will feature fruit orchards, golden fields of wheat and silvery expanses of alfalfa, a maze-shaped vineyard, a winery, and an olive grove with the trees planted in a circle to represent the shape of the world. But perhaps the pièce de résistance is the monument A Tribute to Human Dignity, which was built from the same marble used by Michelangelo. Says Cucinelli, “I think it will still be standing in a thousand years.”
 See all of the best of Couture’s confections, straight from the runways in Paris.   See all of the best of Couture’s confections, straight from the runways in Paris. 
 Guests and models were ankle-deep in a sea of popcorn.  Last night, Raf Simons presented his Fall 2018 collection for Calvin Klein on a massive sea of popcorn at the former American Stock Exchange building. Both the show's attendees (including an ultra star-studded front row) and the lineup of models walked ankle-deep in popcorn, but it was by no means a happy-go-lucky movie night theme.   Raf Simons has filled the entire floor of the pjs American Stock Exchange with popcorn for his @CalvinKlein show #NYFW pic.twitter.com/FGkuZauyjH  For his second season at Calvin Klein, Simons took a deeper (and darker) dive into the state of America. In his show notes, Simons described the U.S. with 50 keywords which included phrases like "firefighter," "freedom" and "civil" immediately followed by "war." The set was comprised of three run-down and seemingly burned barns that were covered in artwork by Andy Warhol. The sea of popcorn, as Fashionista points out, was perhaps meant to symbolize burned-down cornfields.   A first look at the setting of tonight’s Fall 2018 CALVIN KLEIN #205W39NYC Men’s + Women’s RTW show. #calvinkleinlive #NYFW ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Featuring objects by #SterlingRuby. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Featuring artwork by Andy Warhol ©/®/™ The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. A post shared by  CALVIN KLEIN (@calvinklein) on Feb 13, 2018 at 5:13pm PST Echoing the show notes, the first few looks to hit the runway featured bright, oversized firefighter-style jackets. The dystopian-inspired collection also included hazmat boots and gloves, prairie dresses, Western shirts and Mylar-inspired pieces channeling the look of astronauts. It was its own quilted patchwork of American history.   Calvin Klein by Raf Simons 🧡🧡🧡🧡 —@nicolefritton A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Feb 13, 2018 at 8:44pm PST As if the set and collection didn't offer up enough clues to the tone of the show, Simon & Garfunkel’s “The Sound of Silence" served as the soundtrack as models walked the popcorn-filled runway. The show then ended to a snippet of David Bowie's "This Is Not America."  Offsetting the dark, thought-provoking theme of the show, however, was the bright and star-studded front row. Black Panther's Lupita Nyong'o and Michael B. Jordan sat next to each other while Big Little Lies stars Nicole Kidman and Laura Dern sat alongside Margot Robbie. Calvin Klein campaign stars A$AP Rocky and Millie Bobby Brown were also in attendance, adorably taking videos while sitting next to each other. 
 A look at what Fall 2017 has in store...  The entire style story for the season... Designers are inarguably mad about plaid—utilizing the distinctive Savile Row-worthy fabrication on everything from coats to suiting.  Pictured: Balenciaga Calvin Klein Stella McCartney Michael Kors Louis Vuitton Chanel Jason Wu Alexander Wang Gabriela Hearst A floral story is not exclusive to spring—ladies like their blooms year-round and the runways were more than happy to comply with moodier versions of  garden prints. Pictured: Gucci Marni Prada Balenciaga Valentino Simone Rocha Prabal Gurung Erdem Coach Tory Burch Acne Studios With an overall Americana story for fall, it's hardly a surprise that denim is taking center-stage. And it's not just about a great pair of jeans—fall is a huge advocate of the Texas tuxedo, so prepare to wear your faded blues head to toe.  Pictured: Calvin Klein Dior Marc Jacobs Sacai Public School Versace Y Project The question on designers' lips for fall seems to be taken straight from Drake: "you fancy, huh?" With sleek silver and metallic sparkles on the menu the answer is a resounding yes.  Pictured: Saint Laurent Commes des Garcons Chanel
 Kim says no, but some screenshot receipts suggest otherwise. Over the weekend, Kim Kardashian stepped out in an insanely cut-out vintage dress from Thierry Mugler's 1998 archives. Less than 24 hours later, Fashion Nova posted an identical copy of the dress retailing for $50. Fast fashion is fast, but is it really that fast? Eagle-eyed fashion watchdogs behind the popular Instagram account Diet Prada were first to call out the suspiciously fast timing. The account then came in hot with some screenshot receipts suggesting Kardashian may have leaked her borrowed designer look to Fashion Nova before wearing it.  According to a screenshot captured from Fashion Nova model Yodit Yemane's Instagram account, photo shoot images of the site's Mugler knockoff were dated February 14, four days before Kim wore the gown in public. Moreover, the original file name of the photos was labeled "Kim dress," though the product name was later dubbed "Winning Beauty Cut Out Gown” on the site.  Diet Prada told BAZAAR.com it was first tipped off to the suspicious activity when all Kylie Jenner's 21st birthday party looks were copied on Fashion Nova within hours of Jenner stepping out. A later Instagram caption from Kim asking "fast fashion brands, can you please wait until I wear this in real life before you knock it off?" added fuel to the fire, "Her [Kim's] glib attitude towards Missguided in her caption for the gold Yeezy dress seemed fishy...especially considering it’s a knockoff of her husband’s work and he apparently wrote her a $1,000,000 check to turn down a fast fashion collab," Diet Prada said.  After the allegations of peddling her looks to Fashion Nova, Kim took to Twitter to defend herself, putting the onus on fast fashion companies. In a string of tweets, she called the knockoffs "devastating" and concluded by saying, "I don’t have any relationships with these sites. I’m not leaking my looks to anyone, and I don’t support what these companies are doing."  It’s devastating to see these fashion companies rip off designs that have taken the blood, sweat and tears of true designers who have put their all into their own original ideas. I’ve watched these companies profit off my husband’s work for years and now that it’s also affecting designers who have been so generous to give me access to their beautiful works, I can no longer sit silent. Only two days ago, I was privileged enough to wear a one-of-a-kind vintage Mugler dress and in less than 24 hours it was knocked off and thrown up on a site - but it's not for sale. You have to sign up for a waitlist because the dress hasn’t even been made to sell yet. My relationships with designers are very important to me. It's taken me over a decade to build them and I have a huge amount of respect for the amount of work that they put into bringing their ideas to life. Could sites like Fashion Nova and Missguided just be extremely fast in shooting their replicas? Diet Prada tells BAZAAR.com: "It’s possible, but the date stamp on the file names of the images from the shoot are telling.  Both Kris and Kylie Jenner have also already officially partnered with Fashion Nova, so the family connection is there."   If Kim is secretly leaking her designer outfits to fast fashion sites ahead of time, are there legal implications? It's complicated, but Julie Zerbo, attorney and founder of The Fashion Law, says it's technically legal, "I don't know of any embargo on the imagery of borrowed or lent designer looks, so I don't think there would be a contract issue."  It could, however, be an issue if Kim does in fact have a secret deal with Fashion Nova or Missguided. "If there is a partnership of some kind, then that would need to be disclosed by both the celebrity endorser and the brand itself,” Zerbo explains.  Another potential red flag: "What might be an issue is if Kim and Fashion Nova or Misguided are working together to create these looks in connection with her posting something on Instagram, like ‘fast fashion companies please don’t copy this look’ and mentioning a specific one and then that specific one turning around and promoting it on Instagram. That is very likely one of the 'material connections' that the Federal Trade Commission would be hoping to see disclosed for the benefit of consumers,” Zerbo adds.  Strangely enough, Missguided's Instagram post, doing exactly what Zerbo describes, was later deleted from its page after copying Kim's gold Yeezy dress.  Ultimately, one has to ask why Kim, who has worked hard to be taken seriously in the fashion world, would jeopardize her designer connections for the sake of a Fashion Nova partnership? Diet Prada speculates that because "Kim is the queen of monetizing her physical appearance, it makes sense that the rewards of a fast fashion partnership would outweigh the risk. In this case, she probably got the dress from an archival fashion dealer and thought it was fair game as opposed to knocking off a contemporary designer who created something custom for her, or is currently selling on the market.  I think she may have underestimated how beloved Thierry Mugler’s work is." 
 Channel your inner Joey Tribbiani. The internet is abuzz over Balenciaga's new jacket, which features seven layers and is retailing for $9,000 on Matches Fashion. The oversized coat consists of  a "combination of plaid shirts, jersey hoodies, and technical fleeces," according to its official description. It's bound to keep you warm in the winter.    Balenciaga coat, $9,000, matchesfashion.com. Coming soon.  SHOP The outerwear piece is part of Balenciaga's Fall 2018 collection and debuted on the runways during Paris Fashion Week in March. The range, helmed by creative director Demna Gvasalia, included different variations of the layered parka, including iterations with leopard prints and color-block trench coats for women.  It didn't take long for the Internet to troll the jacket. People promptly made comparisons to Joey wearing all of Chandler's clothes in Friends—and the similarities are actually quite uncanny. Balenciaga’s inspiration for their new $8000 coat... pic.twitter.com/hVLa3hBYjP is this joey tribbiani https://t.co/NQvwJfUij7 balenciaga fall/winter 18 pic.twitter.com/8HAbpp1p7T @BALENCIAGA just released a 7-layer jacket eh? Joey Tribiani was frickin ahead of his time pic.twitter.com/tQ9ypunnQq Some people also thew some non-Friends-related shade.  Head to your local thrift store and recreate this look for less than $100 Is everyone at Balenciaga ok? I feel like these are a cry for help pic.twitter.com/1F4P9W4Ino This isn't the first time Balenciaga's outerwear have caused a viral craze. Its Fall 2017 men's collection caught attention with jackets and other pieces emblazoned with a logo inspired by Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign. Last year, its parkas (only one layer this time) were nearly ubiquitous on the street style scene, spotted on everyone from the fashion set to stylish rappers like A$AP Rocky.  It looks like the Joey Tribbiani-esque coat is the latest addition to the list. But who will be brave enough to actually wear it (and, well, buy it) this winter? Apparently, the men's collection also includes a layered parka with a hot pink feathered outer coat. We can't wait until this one hits retail.
 The 96-year-old style star talks clear boots, sneakers and Crocs in a new profile with Footwear News.  At 96 years old, Iris Apfel reigns as fashion's most famous geriatric style icon—and she isn't slowing down anytime soon. Apfel covers the latest issue of Footwear News, where she shares her signature wit while discussing her accessory collection for HSN, the shoe trends she finds "revolting" and how social media is "the worst thing to happen to young people."  In a video with Footwear News, Apfel doesn't hold back while critiquing shoe trends from clear boots to the sneaker takeover to Crocs ("Why should you wear rubber shoes?" she wisely asks).  After admitting that she would actually try the clear boot trend, the 96-year-old also discusses the importance of affordable fashion. Apfel is proud of the accessibility of her accessory collection for HSN, Rara Avis, which offers unique pieces at an affordable price point (with prices ranging mostly from $30 - $100). Dropping more nuggets of wisdom, Apfel points out, "There’s no trick in making a gorgeous garment that costs thousands of dollars, but who can afford those things unless you have a built-in sugar daddy? And they ain’t easy to find." Preach.  As for how she feels about the digital age affecting style? She has a neutral stance on online shopping, “I buy very little online. But you can’t go by me—technologically, I live in the late 17th century. When people ask if they can send me an email, I say, ‘No, darling, send me a pigeon.’” But when it comes to your Instagrams, tweets and Facebook posts? Apfel feels very strongly against what social media has done: "It’s probably the worst thing that could happen to young people these days. They all live vicariously through somebody else. Besides, what business is it of anybody’s what you had for lunch or where you’re going or who you’re sleeping with? None.” Read Apfel's full profile in the new issue of Footwear News at footwearnews.com.   
 Four easy tips for building the perfect casual outfit. T he thing about looking effortless is that it always seems to require actual effort. The trick is perfecting a few simple things that make it easy to put together a stylish look. Look no further than the Europeans for proof: The French girl has her striped boat tops and ballet flats, and the Italian girl has her perfectly tailored trousers and loafers (worn without socks, of course). If you're in need of some style inspiration this season, see the below tips for advice on how to nail the perfect weekend outfit—whether you're heading to the park, going to brunch, or stopping by the farmer's market. 
  Keep It Simple  Sometimes, the most fashion-forward looks are the easiest ones to put together, like a deliciously cozy sweater paired with a fitted leather trench. Think of it as a formula: sweater + pants + great coat = fabulous outfit. If you're feeling experimental, look for a coat in a brighter hue. 
  Choose Oversized Silhouettes A cropped leather jacket is a wardrobe staple, but switch it up a bit by investing in a boxy, oversized silhouette. Pair it with white jeans and a chunky sweater, and the result is super chic and cool.  
  Stick to All Black  When in doubt, stick with a single color from head to toe. Keep an eye out for the details: This outfit works because the pants are tailored just above the ankle, and the loafers are worn without socks. 
   Invest in a Trench The trench coat is included on every "must buy" list for a reason: It'll never go out of style and it can be worn practically anywhere. Whether you throw it on over a dress or wear it with jeans and a turtleneck, it's the easiest way to look stylish on any given weekend. Plus, you never know who you'll run into. 
 Tod's boots, $1,145  SHOP Tod's tote, $2,145  SHOP Tod's loafers, $795  SHOP Tod's bag, $2,145  SHOP Tod's boots, $945  SHOP
 How to get every fashion girl's favorite look of the moment.  From lucite hoop earrings to see-through PVC bags, straw visors, and beyond, there are plenty of playful accessory trends to try this summer. But quickly rising as every fashion girl's favorite is the layered necklace look.  Last week, we broke down some of the best necklace layering formulas to try and now, we're shopping out the key piece to get the look: the coin necklace. Perfect for being worn solo or for wearing with an array of other chains, the Florence-inspired coin necklace trend isn't going anywhere anytime soon. Shop some of our favorites from high to low price points below.  Start your layered necklace look with a simple and dainty gold coin chain that's adjustable in length like this 8 Other Reasons piece.   Mix and match metals with a silver vintage-inspired coin.  For a budget-friendly take on the trend, try Nordstrom's BP department for simple, dainty coin pendant necklaces—all available for under $25.   Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles🌹 A post shared by  N A L I N  Studios (@nalinstudios) on Jun 30, 2018 at 6:01am PDT More is more when it comes to layering different length coin pendants. Nalin Studios coin necklaces, $150 - $180, nalinstudios.com. SHOP NOW Go luxe with this diamond-encrusted 18-karat gold drop necklace by Foundrae.  This antique-inspired necklace will stand out whether worn alone or layered with other necklaces.  Show off your astrological sign with these personalized coin necklaces.  Add a little flair to your necklace game with this chain featuring multiple coins.   Liquid metal 🔥🌞🔥 (more current favourites on my stories right now) A post shared by  Lucy Williams | Fashion Me Now (@lucywilliams02) on Jun 26, 2018 at 10:25am PDT Mix different chains and pendants—including fashion's favorite shell necklace—with a classic gold coin.  Missoma 'Arc' coin necklace, $180, missoma.com. SHOP NOW Add a little sparkle with this engraved Marc Jacobs necklace, perfect for layering with simple gold or silver chains.  Offering up a melted gold effect, this cross-embossed coin feels equal parts traditional and on trend.  Go big or go home with this oversized coin necklace that makes for the focal accessory of any look.  Let this double coin set do all the layering work for you. 
 An exclusive that's bound to sell out.  Le Specs eyewear has been a year-round bestseller at ShopBAZAAR and an editor (and celeb) favorite, so it was only a matter of time before we partnered with the cult brand for an exclusive, just for you. Inspired by the attitude of the ‘90s (think Claudia Schiffer), these cat-eye sunnies are sleek, sexy and poolside chic. The clean, white frame is accented with a gold top-bar inlay for an edgy twist on a classic style that’ll never look out of place. Le Specs sunglasses, $79, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi blazer, $795, shopbazaar.com, Gabriela Artigas hairclip, $80, shopbazaar.com, Le Specs sunglasses, $79, shopbazaar.com, By Malene Birger trousers, $545, shopbazaar.com, Nars palette, $59, shopbazaar.com, Bembien bag, $185, shopbazaar.com, Gianvito Rossi heel, $815, shopbazaar.com SHOP   Ganni jacket, $340, shopbazaar.com, Le Specs sunglasses, $79, shopbazaar.com, Jennifer Fisher earrings, $350, shopbazaar.com, Frame Denim jeans, $220, shopbazaar.com, Edie Parker bag, $595, shopbazaar.com, Yves Saint Laurent lip and blush color, $40, shopbazaar.com, Tory Burch mule, $298, shopbazaar.com SHOP   Giuliva Heritage Collection, $2,975, shopbazaar.com, Guerlain nail polish, $25, shopbazaar.com, Le Specs sunglasses, $79, shopbazaar.com, Tibi top, $295, shopbazaar.com, Givenchy skirt, $2,050, shopbazaar.com, Saint Laurent boot, $895, shopbazaar.com, Saint Laurent bag, $1,950, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Tyler Joe snaps the well-heeled in NYC. Photographer Tyler Joe is hitting New York, London, Milan and Paris, to snap the editors, it-girls and the undeniably chic in the streets. Here, the best looks from New York Fashion Week Spring 2018. Shiona Turini Taylor Tomasi-Hill Kate Davidson Hudson BAZAAR Style Director Joanna Hillman BAZAAR.com Senior Fashion Editor Chrissy Rutherford Jenny Cipoletti BAZAAR's Cassie Anderson and Amanda Alagem Caroline Daur Danielle Bernstein, Camila Coelho and Aimee Song Tamu McPherson and Eva Chen Carine Roitfeld
 Shop fall's standout shoe trend.  After taking over the Fall 2017 runways, the street style scene, and just about every model's off-duty look, it's official: the stiletto boot is the season's hottest new footwear trend. The sleek, ultra-sharp boot comes in all heights and colors from the kitten heel comeback to sky-high heel options and patent red to classic black. Perfect to pair with everything from jeans to skirts and dresses, shop fall's best stiletto boots.  Fendi's statement-making stiletto boots ruled the Fall 2017 runways in their impossible-to-miss red hue.  Fendi boots, $1,350, bergdorfgoodman.com. SHOP Take note from Gigi, Kendall, and Bella and opt for a pair of kitten heeled boots that go perfectly with your favorite pair of denim (and are easy to walk in).  Topshop boots, $120, topshop.com. SHOP Stella McCartney boots, $870, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Stuart Weitzman boots, $575, stuartweitzman.com. SHOP Helmed by Yeezy, the sock boot trend puts a cozy twist on the structured stiletto.  Gianvito Rossi boots, $1,145, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Balenciaga's ultra-sharp pointy boots for fall came in bright florals, pops of color, and dramatic silhouettes—all making for a sleek way to top off your look.  Balenciaga boots, $1,295, farfetch.com. SHOP Taking the cake for ultimate street style bait, Off-White's Virgil Abloh put a fun twist on the stiletto boot with a kitschy ode to Nancy Sinatra's classic song.  Off-White boots, $2,105, farfetch.com. SHOP Alexander Wang boots, $1,171, farfetch.com. SHOP Sam Edelman boots, $150, net-a-porter.com. SHOP The '80s-inspired slouchy boots are back and make for the perfect way to add an extra edge of cool to the stiletto boot.  Casadei boots, $1,500, farfetch.com. SHOP The most unexpected take on fall's hottest boot trend? Candy-colored hues of hot pink.  Balenciaga boots, $995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 Yup, she has a "purse closet." Most of us aspire to get our hands on at least one Hermès Birkin bag in our lifetime, but Kylie Jenner already has nearly an entire closet-full. The 20-year-old beauty mogul shared a look at her newly-renovated purse closet (yup, apparently those exist) on Snapchat today, and we can't believe our eyes.  Her Birkin collection takes up two rows of shelves on at least two of the walls in Jenner's mirror-lined closet. And then there's her Chanel quilted backpacks, Louis Vuitton totes, Supreme fanny packs, Gucci bags, and more. She gave us a closeup of a row of the pricey purses, which included iterations in burnt orange suede, millennial pink, maroon, tan, and brown leather.  It turns out the spotted one was her newest addition to the lineup. "Welcome," she wrote on a photo of the newly-unboxed bag. She also featured these adorable patent leather Louis Vuitton minis, to pique our jealousy even more. Kylie isn't the only Birkin-lover in her family. Her mother Kris Jenner famously has a whole closet dedicated to the luxury Hermès bag, with a custom light-up sign that says: "Need Money for Birkin." Kylie also featured the collection on her Snapchat last summer. We wonder if Drake's stash looks anything like this.  
 
 Tracking all the top fashion ads of the upcoming season. As the fashion cycle goes, spring turning to summer means designers are starting to roll out their fall fashion campaigns. Now that it's officially time to look ahead to the aforementioned cooler season, follow along as we track all the best fashion ads for Fall 2018. Flip through to see which models and photographers are teaming up this fall, and check back as we add more to the list in the weeks to come.  Model: Cindy Crawford Photographer:  Sam Abell Model: Shudu Photographer: Cameron-James Wilson Model: Felice Noordhorf Photographer: Mario Sorrenti Model: Kaia Gerber and Presley Gerber Photographer: Willy Vanderperre Model: Felice Noordhorf Photographer: Mario Sorrenti Models: Grace Hartzel & Lili Sumner Photographer: Angelo Pennetta Model: Selena Forrest Photographer: Alasdair McLellan Model: Amber Valletta Photographer: Zoe Ghertner Model: Alima Fofana Photographer: Anne Menke Model: Matilda Dods Photographer: Daniel Nadel Model: Stella Maxwell Photographers:  Jordan Barrett and Alana O’Herlihy Model: Alyssa Traoré Photographer: Sam Rock Models: Edie Campbell and Manuela Sanchez Photographer: David Sims Photographer: Julie Greve  Models: Khloe Kardashian, Kendall Jenner, Kim Kardashian West, Kourtney Kardashian, and Kylie Jenner Photographer: Willy Vanderperre Photographer: Simon Cahn Model: Poppy Delevingne  Photographer: Victor Demarchelier Model: Kendall Jenner Photographer: David Sims Model: Gigi Hadid Photographer: Harley Weir Model: Elsa Hosk Photographer: Magnus Unnar Photographer: Donata Wenders Models:  Sophie Koella, Liu Wen, Rianne van Rompaey, Grace Hartzel, Kris Grikaite and Aaliyah Hydes Photographer: Steven Meisel Photographer: Willy Vanderperre Models: Rianne Van Rompaey, Xiao Wen Ju, Edoardo Sebastianelli Photographer: Harley Weir Model: Shanelle Nyasiase Photographer: Jamie Hawkesworth Model: Luna Bijl Photographer: Erik Torstensson Models: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Joan Smalls and Lily Aldridge   Photographer: Lachlan Bailey  Model: Nina Marker Photographer: Johnny Dufort Model: Lera Abova Photographer: David Lim and Brandon Harman Photographer: Steven Meisel
 "Celebrate your unique beauty today (& everyday)!"  Since competing on America's Next Top Model, Winnie Harlow has made a name for herself in the fashion world. Along with walking countless runways, nabbing campaigns for Diesel, Desigual and Nike, and making an appearance in Beyoncé's Lemonade, the model has also been outspoken about her vitiligo, a condition that causes the loss of skin color in patches.  Continuing in promoting body-positivity, Harlow took to Instagram today to share a naked selfie celebrating her skin. Posing in nothing but a thong and silver hoop earrings, she shared an empowering message, "the real difference isn't my skin. It's the fact that I don't find my beauty in the opinions of others. I'm beautiful because I know it. Celebrate Your unique beauty today (& everyday)!" The naked photo is just the latest in Harlow's outspoken body-positive activism. Earlier this month, the 23-year-old model spoke to BAZAAR UK about her new Burt's Bees beauty campaign saying, "Humans, like flowers, come in so many ranges; colors, heights and sizes, for example. None of those differences makes one flower or human better or more beautiful. It's the differences that make us all beautiful."
 Meet Zofia Chylak—the designer behind the craze.  Fact: It's almost as hard to get a Chylak bag as it is to get an Hérmes Birkin. The Polish-based brand has taken Instagram by storm, becoming an overnight favorite amongst influencers, It-girls, and basically anyone looking for a chic, well-made bag that won't break your budget.  We spoke with Polish native Zofia Chylak on the eve of her new collection debut to discover how she reached It-bag stardom, and what it feels like to have thousands of girls clamoring to buy her designs. When you first launched the brand, did you have any idea it would become this big and have such a cult following? Thank you, I was certainly not expecting this! I’m shocked every time I receive an update on the figure. Currently it’s over 15 000 so it’s really overwhelming.  We are doing our best to meet the demand but we don’t want to compromise on the quality. Some models sell out in 5 minutes. People think this is a clever business idea, but the truth is it just happened naturally. We’ve also had to start putting them online later in the day so that the US audience get a chance when the new stock arrives…    Shoulder Bag “Glossy Brown Crocodile” is back in stock and available now online at www.chylak.com A post shared by  CHYLAK (@chylak.bags) on Feb 21, 2019 at 2:36am PST  Chylak has been in operation since 2014. What do you attribute to its recent explosion? Did you have a specific strategy or did it happen organically? Launching the brand in Poland allowed us to build a local following, and organically grow and gradually expand our product line. We started selling directly to consumer, and focused on online sales. I had a lot of support from the Polish press and that gave me confidence. Working with a London-based PR agency helped to get the brand recognized internationally. Last year was really exciting for us, a few months after some of the international girls became fans of the brand and started wearing Chylak, we received a call from Net-A-Porter who wanted to work with us. I think having a following definitely helped in terms of being recognized by key stockists and press internationally.  Can you tell me more about your drops? For example, how often do you release more bags and how frequently is that? Even though I hear from people that ‘everything is sold out all time’ there’s a new drop every few days (usually we are restocking our current bestsellers). We have more than 60 products and we cannot produce and release all of them at the same time, so usually you have to wait one or two months to stock certain models. At the moment, we are releasing new collections four times a year. You interned at Proenza Schouler. What was the most important thing that you learned there? It was an amazing time, for me it was a great opportunity to see how such big brands look from the inside. In Poland I would never have such an opportunity.  I’ve always been an observer, so I’m very good at learning just by watching, I’m very focused on details. I remember that I was impressed with Jack and Lazaro, the designers, the way they work with fabrics, the way they would spend all days with pattern makers, cutting by themselves, working hand in hand with interns. Never making us feel as we were somehow less important. Proenza Schouler was working with really amazing pattern making atelier - Nicolas Caito - everyone there had an amazing portfolio and they all worked for biggest French fashion houses like Dior and Chanel, I was interning also with them, watching them making clothes, sewing by hand, it was really an amazing experience. So many amazing new brands are coming out of Europe from places like Poland and Georgia. Why do you think these countries are offering products that are more affordable and better made than the US? I’m really glad that this is happening, and every excited to see new countries emerging on the fashion map now. I think it’s primarily because of the internet and social media. It’s now easier than ever to find new exciting brands. Fashion loves fresh, new things. I remember a few years ago my friends were asking me if I was sure that I wanted to write  ‘made in Poland’ on every bag I make. It was unusual at that time but I loved Poland and I felt that it’s time for us to be proud of it. Now when I’m talking to clients and buyers, they love it. Price is for sure another reason. From the beginning I wanted my accessories to be elegant and timeless but affordable and accessible. Your bags are that perfect mix of classic and on trend. What inspired your shapes and silhouettes? Any specific references? That’s exactly the mix I was hoping to be able to achieve while designing. I’m very sentimental, I look back a lot. I was studying history of art, and since I was a child I felt I would fit perfectly to the world of 18th or 19th century. But on the other hand I know that we’re here now and wearing crinoline dresses would be ridiculous. So that’s where you need to look for something in between and combine. I want my bags to be as elegant as my grandmother in 1935 and as fresh as what you can see on the streets of Paris and New York during fashion week.  Alice Barbier @jaimetoutcheztoi was spotted yesterday during Paris Fashion Week with our Saddle Bag “Glossy Brown Crocodile”  Photo @asiatypek A post shared by  CHYLAK (@chylak.bags) on Jan 16, 2019 at 12:51am PST Social media (and Instagram in particular) has had a huge impact on your business. How do you feel about the social media landscape, and managing the huge amount of work that goes with it? Instagram is my favorite I must say. Such a powerful platform right now. We really work hard to build a consistent brand aesthetics through photos that we post, and to connect with our followers. We all know that it’s not only about product now it’s about creating a beautiful, interesting world of the brand. We invest in working with talented photographers like Asia Typek, her street style photos are one of the most characteristic part of our instagram identity. 
 Reed Krakoff brings a luxurious sense of ease to his first high jewelry collection for Tiffany & Co. On Reed Krakoff’s first day on the job as Tiffany & Co.’s chief artistic officer in February 2017, he was given coffee in a paper cup the color of the store’s signature blue box, with the company’s name in black on the front. He loved it, took a picture of it. There was “this utilitarian thing,” he recalls, “that was somehow romantic, being Tiffany Blue—perfectly useful but not plain.” Now, a year later, Tiffany is selling a bone china version of that paper cup—same shape, same blue, the name in black—along with silver plates crimped like standard-issue paper ones. He sees these as current examples of the irreverence and wit that inform some of his favorite products from the archives, like the sterling silver pillbox in the shape of a Chinese takeout container that Tiffany first sold back in the 1980s. The new objects are in many ways emblematic of Krakoff’s philosophy of “everyday luxury,” Tiffany items that are intended to be used and worn on a daily basis, as opposed to precious objects to be reserved for special occasions. Sitting in a library down the hall from his office at the 181-year-old company’s Manhattan headquarters, in a building facing Madison Square Park, Krakoff is doing one of the things he does best: talking about luxury. Tall with close-cut salt-and-pepper hair, he is dressed in his workweek uniform of jeans, a Turnbull & Asser shirt—today’s is a navy-and-white gingham check—and black oxfords, no socks. Black eyeglasses give him the slightly bookish air of a design nerd, an impression reinforced by the many references to objects, furniture, fashion, films, and paintings he weaves into the conversation. He speaks softly, in a low voice, and quickly, as if he were propelled by his ideas.  “I was determined not to make it formal,” Krakoff says of Paper Flowers, his first high jewelry collection for Tiffany. “This has become a mantra of mine, the idea that formality doesn’t equal luxury.”  “This has become a mantra of mine, the idea that formality doesn’t equal luxury.” The point of departure was a watercolor rendering of an iris, dated 1881 and found in the company archives; iris, as it happens, is the central note of the Tiffany fragrance launched in September. But Krakoff wasn’t looking for a literal representation. Instead, he says, he wanted to capture “the poetic idea of flowers.” He began making cutout shapes, crafting petals out of paper, and translating them into metal, riveting the petals together—“combining nature and an artisanal hand,” he says. Then came the coloration: blue and purple, from sapphires and tanzanite, a gemstone that Tiffany introduced to the world in 1968; and white and yellow, from the diamonds for which the company is famous. For contrast, the items incorporate mirror-polished pieces of platinum, which, Krakoff says, “people aren’t used to seeing because typically everything is pavéed and as diamond-encrusted as possible.” The result, he says, is “a tension between industrial and organic, between masculine and feminine.”     He is especially proud of the fact that the new collection runs the gamut from a bib necklace set with 68 carats of diamonds to openwork cocktail rings and pendants to wear with an evening gown or jeans and a T-shirt, with prices to match—unlike most high jewelry collections, positioned firmly in the stratosphere. Contrary to the age-old formula, in which ideas are born and expressed in their purest form at the top of the market and filter down into less expensive versions, Paper Flowers was conceived somewhere in the middle and then extended in both directions. The goal was to “recontextualize high jewelry in a more wearable, authentic way,” says Krakoff. “It felt like a better approach, as opposed to starting with high jewelry, which is a little paralyzing. Too often there’s a heaviness to the thinking behind it.”  As Krakoff talks about Tiffany, certain words keep recurring. “Desire” is one, Tiffany being in the business of “creating things that people fall in love with,” he says. This is, to his mind, one of the company’s chief responsibilities. “Dream” is another, as in “a place to dream”—his early impression of the store when, as a teenager accompanying his mother on a trip to New York from their home in suburban Connecticut, they stopped off at Tiffany’s fourth floor to look at table settings created by Vladimir Kagan, Angelo Donghia, and other famous designers of the time. Krakoff considers himself a custodian of Tiffany’s illustrious tradition, the latest in a brief line that reaches all the way back to the Art Nouveau master Louis Comfort Tiffany, acclaimed for his stained glass lamps and windows, a son of the store’s founder and Tiffany’s first official design director. Among Krakoff’s more recent predecessors was John Loring, Tiffany’s revered design director emeritus who retired in 2009 after holding the position for three decades. During his tenure, Loring authored 21 books for Tiffany, educating consumers about diamonds, pearls, and watches; dispensing advice on setting a table, throwing a party, planning a wedding; and defining good taste by his example. It was, Krakoff says, “a more prescriptive time. I think people were interested in being informed and guided. Today it’s entirely different. It’s very much about my version of this brand—it’s my interpretation.” He feels “a real responsibility to deliver something that’s worthy,” creating products showcased on a virtual stage vying 24-7 for the limited attention of a global audience. “The most American thing you can say about design is that form follows function.”     
 
 Aptly called, "QUEEN."  As if being one of the greatest athletes of all time wasn't enough, Serena Williams has also cemented her status as one of the greatest dressed athletes of all time. So for her big return to the US Open, where she'll compete for her 24th Grand Slam, it's only fitting that the tennis icon wear something special.  Enter Off-White designer and artistic director of Louis Vuitton Men's, Virgil Abloh, who joined forces with Nike to design a collection for Williams to wear for the occasion. Aptly called "QUEEN," the Virgil Abloh x Nike collection for Serena includes tennis dresses, sparkling sneakers, and Abloh's signature quotation graphics reading "LOGO" and "SERENA."   "With Serena, we have one of our generation's most powerful, inspiring athletes as the muse," Abloh said in a statement from the brand, "I was trying to embody her spirit and bring something compelling and fresh to tennis." Taking Serena's love for both dance and tennis, the ballerina-inspired collection includes a one-shouldered dress complete with a tutu. And if anyone can win a match while wearing a tutu, it's Serena Williams.  "What I love about tennis is the gracefulness. It's an aggressive and powerful game, but it takes touch and finesse," Abloh said, “So the dress is feminine, but combines her aggression. It's partially revealing. It's asymmetrical. It has a sort of ballerina-esque silhouette to symbolize her grace. It's not about bells and whistles and tricks. It's just about it living on the body, and expressing Serena’s spirit with each swing of the racket." The collection also includes a sleek bomber jacket that can be worn both on and off the court, a bag, the NikeCourt Flare 2, and limited editions of The 10: Nike Air Max 97 and The 10: Nike Blazer Mid SW. Not only will the tennis champion wear the pieces for her return to the US Open, it will also be produced as a limited-edition capsule collection for fans to shop. Ranging from $130 - $900, the items will officially be available to shop online and in select Nike stores once Williams debuts them on the court in the coming weeks. 
 See the fashion-forward shoes that will solve all of your wardrobe dilemmas, over and over again... Shoes are love stories just waiting to be told. With seemingly endless options each season, it can be easy to fall into trend-driven styles that need to be swapped out in mere months. Consider the long game and opt in on the shoes you'll wear season after season, year after year. Just get a good cobbler in your repertoire and you're good to go.  A style so forever, we'd be shocked if it wasn't already in your closet. Brittany Xavier proves that this classic can look super modern with the addition of a sheer ankle sock.    The easy slide sandal may sound like a summer-only mainstay, but this fashion show-goer proves it can find its way into fall and spring with the addition of  a chic suit. Whether you opt for an Hermes sandal or something flashier, the idea remains the same. While Bottega Veneta's ankle strap heel has found a wide fashion audience, versions by designers including The Row, Prada, Staud, and many more have put their mark on the minimal, chic sandal that pairs with just about anything.  Whether you like a little color or a lot of sparkle, a shoe that takes center stage is the perfect thing to have in your arsenal to make all of those little black dresses, denim, and suits truly have infinite lives. Evangelie sells the look. Stomp around sneakers that are as cool as they are comfy are a non-negotiable. Aleali May makes the case in these little white trainers. Just because a boot can handle sleet and snow doesn't mean it can't be chic, too. Get you a boot that can do both.  One true athletic sneaker that also nails a leisurely weights session? Sign us up. Gabriela dresses up her McQueen combat boot, but this is the stomp-around shoe that you'll return to over and over again. Whether you're into something military inspired, more of a moto girl, or down for something cowboy-inspired, the idea is consistent.  Whether you take your boot stacked, skinny heeled, or flat is less important than the fact that it hits below the knee and makes a sleek statement.  Animal prints manage to make a statement without overpowering a look—as seen in Tiffany Hsu's chic tan and cream ensemble offset by animal-print boots.  A great sleek bootie will take you miles—quite literally. Tamu's little bootie is especially intriguing.  A great metallic heel can solve more problems than you could possibly conjure now. You'll be thankful they're in your closet every time you go to wear them.  This menswear inspired shoe can come in loafer or lace-up form, but must be flat, and must elicit either school girl or rich businessman vibes.
 Shop Proenza, Chloé, and more for up to 70% off.  If you've found yourself in a winter style rut, good news: MatchesFashion is here with a truly epic sale to save the day. From Proenza to Balenciaga, Chloé, and beyond, some of the season's hottest designer buys are currently up to 70% off on the fashion retailer's site. On top of that, select sale items are also an additional 20% off now through January 27. To help you navigate the 56-page sale, we scoured some of the best finds below. Happy shopping!  Originally $1,140 (70% off)  Wear it now with slouchy leather boots, then wear it come spring/summer with a colorful pair of sandals.  Originally $375 (40% off)  Scoop up a classic bag from this Instagram-favorite brand while it's on sale.  Originally $1,250 (70% off) A '70s-inspired turtleneck you'll want to wear for the rest of winter.  Originally $980 (50% off)  A statement bootie that you can wear from winter through spring.   Originally $410 (40% off)  Equal parts flattering and chic, this waist-defining blazer is sure to become a favorite in your work (and play) wardrobe.  Originally $220 (50% off) Two of spring's biggest jewelry trends—seashells and pearls—come together as one in these '80s-inspired statement earrings.  Originally $1,420 (60% off)  Say hello to your new favorite skirt for the office. Style it with a turtleneck and boots and you've got an instant Meghan Markle-approved look.  Originally $1,695 (50% off, plus extra 20% off at checkout) Gianvito Rossi's perfect knee-high boots are finally on sale—now's the time to invest in a pair that you'll wear for years to come.  Originally $328 (50% off) A striped shirt you can wear all year-round. Style it with a pair of trousers for the office or a pair of jeans for a more casual look.  Originally $1,632 (60% off)   Treat yourself to this luxe bucket bag while it's 60% off.  Originally $490 (50% off) Our obsession with '90s-esque bucket hats isn't going anywhere just yet. This vintage Burberry one is guaranteed to win over Instagram.  Originally $995 (50% off)  Add a pair of boots and you've got the perfect look for work or the weekend.  Originally $1,390 (50% off)  Good news if you've been lusting over these crystal-encrusted Balenciagas all season: they're officially half off now. Treat yo'self.  Originally $595 (60% off) Printed turtlenecks quickly emerged as this season's must-have breakout trend. Try the look with this checked Chloé style that will look good layered under a blazer or worn on its own with a pair of denim. Originally $1,186 (50% off) If you don't already own a classic trench coat, now's the time to invest in one that you can transition right into spring. 
 12 custom editions, 15 masterclasses, an exclusive video series, a one-year subscription, plus $25,000 worth of deals. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window.  After three years of weddings on BAZAAR.com, we’ve seen some of the most incredible gowns and weddings on earth—from Haute Couture masterpieces in Paris to weeklong celebrations in India with celebrity performances. We have also seen what happens when Pinterest goes too far and trends take over: Basic, all-white weddings; stiff, uninspired wedding hair and makeup; tasteless bridesmaids dresses, and ill-fitting gowns are only a few of the missteps in the mix. But that won’t happen to you.  We have covered royal weddings and celebrity unions and styled endless fashion and beauty editorials. Now, BAZAAR.com has created a first-of-its-kind membership for brides planning the ultimate wedding. Consider BAZAAR Bride your high-touch highlight reel of fashion, planning, decor, entertaining, and expert advice—no matter how long (or short) your engagement. Expect A-list ideas, stunning dresses and accessories, nonstop visual inspiration, and curated vendor and venue lists. In 12 weekly editions, which arrive directly to your inbox over the course of three months upon subscription, we'll share our secrets to styling, planning, and curating your wedding. In addition, expect weekly in-depth masterclasses from our Rolodex of the best in the business, like Monique Lhuillier's guide to dress shopping, how to plan the perfect honeymoon, and Daniel Martin's insider tips to looking as elegant and fresh as Meghan Markle.  Members will have access to 15 BAZAAR Breaks, which offer deals on products and experiences we know you’ll love: like $1,500 off a custom-designed stationery suite from Yonder Design, a friends and family perk on a Black Tomato honeymoon, and 15 percent off jewelry and fashion from Happy Isles, Armarium, Danielle Frankel, and so much more. For education from the industry's best, binge our members-only video series, aptly named By Invitation Only, which dives deep into fashion, floral design, and photography with Vera Wang, Putnam & Putnam, and John Dolan. In the BAZAAR Bride Ultimate Membership, subscribers will also unlock unlimited access to weddings on-site for one year.  Remember when commemorating an engagement meant buying the bride a stack of wedding magazines to flip through? This is that stack: elevated, curated, digital, and delightful.
 Now this is an unlikely pairing... Philipp Plein's show at New York Fashion Week was nothing short of legendary. Not only did Plein have Irina Shayk walking the runway for him, but he also transformed Brooklyn Navy Yard into a site right out of Roswell. To start with, Shayk was beamed onto the runway from a spaceship: A spaceship which everyone danced under after the show: But perhaps the best detail of all was when Shayk walked the runway hand in hand with a robot. And this wasn't just any robot. Looking like a Transformers cast member, the Plein-branded robot towered above Shayk, but somehow managed to gracefully take the runway. With a dusting of fake snow on the ground, the entire show was completely filmic.  Of his extravagant shows, Plein told the BBC, "A fashion show is a bit like a happy funeral. You work so hard for months on putting a show together, and then the moment you reveal the collection to the public, you've buried it, because then you have to start working on a new one." But Plein's latest, UFO-inspired show, will be hard to forget. One of Plein's previous shows was a major focal point back in September 2017, when model and singer Teyana Taylor stormed the runway. Taylor, who is probably best known for featuring in Kanye West's "Fade" music video, performed the most incredible dance routine on Plein's runway, while Future performed live. Still, Plein's latest innovation, of including robots in his fashion shows, is likely to get the world even more excited about what the coveted designer will dare to create next.
 The French fashion house's latest offering is a pleasant surprise for the audiophile in your life. If you thought Apple's meme-worthy AirPods were a viral status symbol, then wait until you get a look at Louis Vuitton's ultra-luxe monogram wireless Horizon earphones that are set to retail later this year.  For the storied French house's first-ever foray into the audio market, it's collaborating with Master & Dynamic, a New York-based audio brand company to offer super stylish auditory accoutrements.   The earbuds come in four colorway options—attention-grabbing red monogram, simple-yet-sleek black, classic white, and yellow and blue LV stripes—and offer up to three-and-a-half hours of listening time on a single charge. The retail price is $995.    To house your new equipment, LV is offering a concave-shaped stainless steel charging case that is available in white for the matching earbuds and black for the other three color combinations. The charging case also provides the earphones with a total of ten hours of battery life, perfect for your on-the-go lifestyle and next jet-setting adventure.  These statement-making Bluetooth headphones are also compatible with both Apple and Android devices—including Siri and Google Assistant softwares, respectively. They're also compatible with all Bluetooth devices. While this may be Louis Vuitton's first pair of headphones, the brand previously launched tech with the Tambour Horizon smart watch in 2017.  There's no release date for Louis Vuitton's sleek and monogrammed Horizon earbuds just yet. However, in the meantime, we've rounded up similar wireless and Bluetooth compatible headphones that you can shop right now to keep your ears occupied until the French house drops its upcoming release. 

 Get ready for a weekend full of sales.  As summer officially comes to an end, it's time to make way for your fall wardrobe. But before you fully leap into coats and boots: don't forget to shop this weekend's best Labor Day Sales. From summer-to-fall transitional pieces to denim, swimwear, and sunglasses, these are the best deals you don't want to skip out on this Labor Day.  Lord & Taylor 20% off regular and sale items, 25% off select women's clearance items in-store and online from August 30th - September 5th using the promo code "LABORDAY" SHOP Nordstrom Summer Sale Up to 40% off top brands for women, men, and children starting September 1st in stores and online. SHOP 360 Cashmere 20% Off site-wide, excluding new arrivals and sale, from September 1st – September 4th using the code "GIVEME20" SHOP Cotton On  20% off sale items from 8/31-9/3 and 30% off full priced items from 9/4-9/5. SHOP Commando $20 off your total purchase of $100 or more from September 1st - September 5th with the code “MOREFORLESS100.” SHOP Draper James 30% off apparel, accessories, and home from August 31st - September 5th. SHOP For Love & Lemons  30% off entire site excluding new arrivals from  August 31st - September 4th using the code "SHINEBRIGHT" SHOP Free People 25% off sale items in stores and online from August 31st - September 5th. SHOP Garmentory Up to 75% off designer brands from September 1st - September 4th. SHOP Halston30% off sale & clearance items now through September 4th using code "LABORDAY." SHOP Les Lunes Up to 70% off summer sale now through September 7th.  SHOP Luba 60% off all summer items with free 2 day shipping on September 4th.  SHOP Mestiza 30% of all sale items from August 30th - September 4th using the code "LABORDAY17." SHOP Michael Stars Up to 60% off sale styles and an additional 30% off sale items in stores from August 30th - September 5th using the code "BYESUMMER." SHOP Milly 30% off sale pieces from August 30th - September 4th with the code “LABORDAY17." SHOP The Mighty Company 30% off from September 3rd - 6th using the code "LABORYAY." SHOP Rails 30% off site wide from August 31st - September 4th using the code "LABORDAY30" SHOP Joe's Jeans 30% off select styles plus free shipping with the code "LD30" online. SHOP 3x1 Take an extra 25% off all sale items from September 1st- 4th using the code  “LDW25." SHOP Solid & Striped 30% off select styles from August 30th - September 4th using the code "LDW30" online. SHOP Beach Bunny Swimwear  40% off select resort, spring, and summer styles on September 1st. SHOP Bikini.com  25% off site wide now from September 1st - 5th. SHOP Jade Swim 40% off site-wide on September 4th. SHOP La Gotta Swimwear 25% off from August 30th - September 4th. SHOP Rheya Swimwear 25% off site wide from August 30th - September 4th. SHOP Wet Swimwear 30% off site-wide from August 31st - September 5th using the code "WETDAY2017." SHOP Smoke x Mirrors Buy one frame, get $25 off with code "Laborday25." Buy two or more frames, get $50 off total purchase with code "Laborday50" from August 31st - September 4th. SHOP Solstice Sunglasses 25% off select styles from August 30th - September 6th. SHOP Aquatalia Additional 30% off sale items from August 31st - September 5th with the code "LABORDAY17" SHOP Dannijo25% off all full-priced jewelry and new pieces + add-ons to sale section up to 70% of from August 31st - September 4th using the code "LABORDAY25"  SHOP Dear Frances 20% off all styles from September 1st - 4th using the code "LABORDAY20." SHOP Frances Valentine 25% off all full-price items from August 30th - September 5th using the code "FALL25" SHOP Schutz Shoes  50% - 70% off select Spring Summer 2017 styles from September 1st - September 4th. SHOP Soludos Up to 60% off select styles now through September 4th. SHOP  Puma 25% off your purchase (some exclusions apply) from August 31st - September 4th. SHOP TOMS 20% off all sale items from August 31st - September 5th with the code SAVE20. SHOP
 The People's Princess was a fashion icon way ahead of her time. Though her legacy extends far beyond fashion, Princess Diana is arguably the greatest style icon of the 20th century. In remembrance of the 22nd anniversary of her death, we revisit her most memorable looks.  In a royal blue skirt and blouse holding a black clutch at Buckingham Palace the day her engagement to Prince Charles was announced.  In a red polka dot dress and matching hat while attending Nicholas Soames's wedding in Westminster, London with Queen Elizabeth.  At the Royal Academy in a blue sequin dress.  In a wedding dress designed by Emanuel leaving St. Paul's Cathedral with husband Prince Charles on their wedding day in London.  In a floral wrap dress by Donald Campbell and white choker leaving Eastleigh airport in Hampshire to go on her honeymoon.   In a dress by Bellville Sassoon and matching choker while attending the "Splendours of the Gonzaga" exhibition at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.  In a fringe detailed coat, blue hat and matching shoes while visting the Guildhall in London after announcing her first pregnancy.  In a red satin gown and silver ballet flats arriving at The Barbican Centre in London while pregnant with Prince William. In a pink floral dress and pink hat at the christening of Prince William in the music room at Buckingham Palace.  In a pink skirt and top while attending the wedding of a friend in London.  In a blue dress by Bruce Oldfield while arriving to the Guildhall in London to see a fashion show.  In a red glittering dress while attending a ballet at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden.  In a velvet dress and matching hat in Birmingham, England.  In a pink dress and hat paired with white pumps while visiting a war memorial in Canberra, Australia.   In a polka-dot dress by Donald Campbell and a hat by John Boyd during a visit to Perth, Australia.  In a white outfit and matching hat in Tasmania.  In a suit by Jasper Conran paired with a light purple hat and belt while in Ottawa. Attending a dinner in a Bruce Oldfield outfit wearing the Diamond Spencer Tiara, a metallic belt, and clutch. In a polka-dot top, red jacket and matching hat during the Royal Tour of Canada. In a yellow satin dress, pearl-and-diamond Cambridge Tiara, and heart-shaped necklace given to her by Prince Charles after the birth of their first son while attending a banquet in Canada. In a blue-and-yellow dress and matching yellow hat while out in Canada with Prince Charles.  In a red-and-white top, skirt, matching hat and ballet flats during the Royal Tour of Canada.  In a traditional Klondike costume with her husband during the Royal Tour of Cananda.  In a white gown by Gina Fratini during the Royal Tour of Canada.    In a gown by Jan van Velden while attending the London City Ballet in Norway.   Pregnant with Prince Harry and wearing a baby blue satin Catherine Walker gown at the premiere of Indiana Jones and The Temple of Doom at Leicester Square. In a red coat by Jan van Velden and matching ballet flats while leaving the hospital with newborn Prince Harry.  In a satin yellow gown at the premiere of 2010 in London.  In a metallic dress by Bruce Oldfield arriving at a fashion show at Grosvenor House Hotel in London. In a blue coat by Bellville Sassoon with matching hat and a patent-leather clutch while visiting Hereford Cathedral. 
 The collection arrives in time for fashion month. Karl Lagerfeld is teaming up with Vans for a capsule collection of apparel and footwear launching September 7.  Expect to see Vans' signature checkered pattern remixed with Lagerfeld's side profile, textured boucle fabrics and quilted-leather K motifs, WWD reports. Though there are no photos yet, the collection promises leather, laceless iterations of Vans' Sk8-Hi and Old Skool designs (AKA the black and white sneaks beloved by bloggers and the street style set), and a leather Classic Slip-On. There'll also be a graphic tee emblazoned with an image of Lagerfeld wearing a Vans checkerboard tie, and bomber jackets and backpacks are also in the mix.  Prices range from $40-$300. The collection will be available online and in-store at select Karl Lagerfeld and Vans locations. The unexpected union proves high fashion's obsession with skate-wear isn't dead just yet. (The collab arrives eight months after Louis Vuitton x Supreme debuted on the runways in January.) 
 Because all natural wonders deserve a killer wardrobe. The solar eclipse is on the horizon–literally–and watching it on August 21st should be on your summer bucket list. We know, the real questions you have about this natural phenomenon (outside of the intelligent questions one could ask about how, why, and where it happens) revolve around what you'll wear to watch it go down. We've rounded up the best solar, celestial, lunar and all around astronomical and astrological must-buys to time with this summer's most jaw-dropping event. Naeem Khan "Gemini" clutch, $1,490, naeemkhan.com.  SHOP Jimmy Choo "Kamron" lace-up suede pumps, $1,495, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Veronica Beard top, $325, shop similar styles at veronicabeard.com. SHOP Cucculelli Shaheen "Constellation" gown, price upon request, cu-sh.com. SHOP Oscar de la Renta necklace, $751, matchesfashion.com.  SHOP Verandah scarf, $490, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Dior bag and strap, price upon request, similar styles available at dior.com.  SHOP Chanel shoe, $950, chanel.com SHOP Percossi Papi earrings, $680, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Altuzarra dress, $1,895, bergdorfgoodman.com.  SHOP Norma Kamali one-piece swimsuit, $145, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Chloé bag, $1,550, similar styles available at neimanmarcus.com SHOP J.Crew velvet blazer, $298, jcrew.com. SHOP Colette earrings, $9,660, modaoperandi.com. SHOP JW Anderson cuff, $750, shop similar styles at j-w-anderson.com. SHOP Ulla Johnson dress, $575, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Cartier watch, $21,200, cartier.com.  SHOP Dries Van Noten boot, $715, shop similar styles at mytheresa.com.  SHOP Dior ring, price upon request, shop similar styles at dior.com. SHOP Marc Jacobs pants $435, shop similar styles at marcjacobs.com. SHOP Aurélie Bidermann earrings, $470, shop similar styles at aureliebidermann.com. SHOP The Row bag, $2.650. neimanmarcus.com  SHOP
 Yes please.  A growing number of designers may be exiting New York Fashion Week, but rumor has it that Anthony Vaccarello is bringing Saint Laurent's next runway show to the Big Apple. According to WWD, the French fashion brand may be taking a break from its usual runway setting in Paris to stage a show in New York this June. The show, which will reportedly take place on June 6, will follow this year's CFDA Awards on June 4 and also coincide with the CFDA's first women's summer fashion week, which is scheduled to take place from June 3rd - 7th.  Though Saint Laurent has yet to officially confirm a New York show, sources told WWD the runway will include both womenswear and menswear. It's unclear which season the collection would be for, though it's likely this could mark the brand's first cruise runway show. Designers typically stage destination runway shows for their cruise collections, so Saint Laurent's trek to New York wouldn't be entirely out of the ordinary.  If the reports are true, Saint Laurent won't be the only European fashion house coming stateside this season. Prada also plans to show its Cruise 2019 collection in New York on May 4, though an exact location has yet to be announced. Other designers traveling for their Cruise 2019 shows include Louis Vuitton, which will show its collection in the French Riviera on May 30, and Gucci, which will show in Arles, France that same day.  Looks like it will be a jet-setting season of runway shows for the fashion crowd. 
 The French fashion house announced her appointment today.  Karl Lagerfeld held a prolific tenure at the helm of Chanel from 1983 to his final days in 2019. Who could possibly follow in the revolutionary designer's footsteps? The French fashion house announced today that Virginie Viard, Lagerfeld's right-hand, will take over the creative operations for the brand following the designer's passing "so that the legacy of Gabrielle Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld can live on."  Here's what you need to know about the new designer leading Chanel.  Viard started at Chanel as an intern for haute-couture embroidery in 1987, The Telegraph reports. That's just four years after Lagerfeld became creative director of the iconic French brand. The chamberlain of Prince Rainier of Monaco recommended her for the job.  After working together at Chanel, Viard  joined Lagerfeld at Chloé in 1992 and worked there for five years before returning to Chanel as the coordinator for haute couture, Viard told the French magazine Crash. She started working on ready-to-wear in 2000.    "I make the collections come to life with the ateliers and the Métiers d’Art houses, based on Karl’s sketches," Viard told The Telegraph in 2017. "I coordinate the teams, liaise with suppliers and choose fabrics. Then, of course, I do fittings with Karl. As soon as I receive his sketches, the process begins. I try to please him, but I like to surprise him too."  Viard added that she and Lagerfeld speak "all the time" and they see each other every day. Sometime he sends her sketches via phone. "The complicity is total," she added.  Lagerfeld of Viard in Netflix's 7 Days Out documentary series, per Who What Wear: "Virginie is the most important person, not only for me but also for the atelier, for everything. She is my right arm and even if I don't see her, we are on the phone all the time."    Viard divulged to W magazine that Lagerfeld would text her in his beloved cat Choupette's voice, sometimes accompanying the messages with a photo of his pet. "He signs them, Your Choupette," she said. "He might not like that I’m saying this." Whether or not he minded the revelation of his playful texting habits, Lagerfeld and Viard's friendship is undeniable. "She is my right rector Virginie Viard, hand and my left hand,” the late designer told ELLE for its November 2018 issue. “Our relationship is essential, doubled by a very real friendship and affection."  Karl Lagerfeld and his beloved pet cat Choupette starred in a self portrait on the limited-edition cover of our October 2013 issue. The legendary designer passed away in Paris today. A post shared by  Harper's Bazaar UK (@bazaaruk) on Feb 19, 2019 at 4:07am PST Last month, Lagerfeld was absent from Chanel's couture shows in Paris because he "was feeling tired," according to a statement from the French brand at the time. Viard took the final bow in his place, accompanied by model Vittoria Ceretti, who donned the final look: an embellished bridal swimsuit. She's also joined Lagerfeld for final bows at the Chanel Metiers D'Art 2018/2019 show in New York in December and the beach-themed Spring/Summer 2019 show in Paris in October.    Viard hails from a fashion-loving family. Her grandparents were silk manufacturers, she told Crash. "I was also attracted to the industry, but most of all I wanted to make theater costumes," she told the magazine. "I started in costume production as assistant to Dominique Borg, who notably produced costumes for Camille Claudel; then I was a costume designer for films and plays, until I met Karl, who suggested I work at Chanel and then Chloé."  Though Viard ultimately worked in fashion, she she did make impressive moves in the film realm, working with French actress Isabelle Adjani and directors Bruno Nuytten. She also designed the costumes for Three Colors: Blue (1993), which starred Juliette Binoche, and Three Colors: White (1994) both directed by Polish director Krzysztof Kieslowski. 
 It's pretty much perfect, so we understand why it sold out in the first place... After Jacquemus' La Bomba collection, the piece I've seen grace the bods of Insta fashion celebs the most is inarguably Realisation Par's The Naomi skirt. It has the heart of a silk slip dress done up in a midi-length skirt in a perfect leopard print—and every leopard print lover worth her salt knows they're not all created equal.  SHOP NOW As soon its cool factor, versatility, potential for longevity and overall grand appeal clicked...it sold out. If there's anything the fashion industry offers now, it's options. So usually I'm able to move on from a piece like I did after a break-up in college (onto the next!). But this one stuck in my head like a good melody—and searched as a might for a similar one, nothing quite fit the bill. That's the thing with a leopard print silk midi skirt—it seems like something that should already be in your closet, but somehow isn't yet. Today that all changed when the skirt hit Realisation Par's site again, fully restocked and under $200—but selling fast.   Right now the social elite (read: Instagram influencers), are wearing it mainly with cropped pieces, from airy cut off-tanks to summer-weight sweaters and more structured black pieces. We're picturing it with chunky knits and booties come fall, or paired with a white maillot for poolside cocktails this weekend. Realisation Par is the brainchild of fashion blogger Alexandra Spencer and designer Teale Talbot, and the two apparently know a little something about pieces that end up on a girl's wish list until they end up in her closet. Consider this one: mission accomplished. 
 Because a girl needs to dance AND hold a cocktail... The cross body bag is that perfect meld of beauty (ideally!) and utility. It offers a hands-free existence, or in other words, freedom—to post on social media, Facetime, enjoy a cocktail, fix your hair, hail a taxi. The options are almost endless. Shop the bags that make the grade—including ones that do double duty as a waist bag.  A little bit '70s, a little bit modern—we're seeing this winner with polished denim and white shirt dressing. The Beach People $60thebeachpeopleco.com SHOP NOW What's more right now than a basket bag that's also a waist bag? Consider it Jane Birkin, 2018. BAGGU baggu.com$160 SHOP NOW We adore the minimal nature of this easy-to-wear cross body that is available in every shade we would want right now, for under $200. Roger Vivier rogervivier.com for details$4050.00 SHOP NOW What has animal magnetism and a bold color-way? This killer bag with an adventurous soul and a ladylike form.  Complétcomplet-o.com$455.00SHOP NOW The white hue makes it super versatile and the fact that it can be worn as a cross body and a waist bag just reinforces the point. This baby-sized baby blue bag gives us perfect '90s vibes and adds just the right femininity to even tailored ensembles.  A statement bag that almost defines the genre—this baby makes the look.  This timeless number is as elegant as it is cute—a rare but stellar combo. The kind of bag you're not sure you want to wear or keep on a shelf to stare at. But we assure you, you should wear it. Akrisakris.ch$1,190 SHOP NOW These bold shades add up to a fun approach to a compact bag.
 These L.A. fashion insiders break down their best outfits—and the price tags behind them.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In the latest episode of This Look Is Money, we head to sunny Los Angeles, California, to see how some of the West Coast's best dressed get suited up. Below, Jessie Andrews, Jenn Im, and Devon Lee Carlson break down their outfits, which you can shop right now. Who are you wearing? How much did it cost? What favors are you calling in? Think: something old, something new, something borrowed, and something bought resale. Prepare yourself for some major fashion inspiration.   Andrews builds off her office-casual look with bold zebra-print mules, which she swapped from a friend. Her black linen trousers and simple white button-up are from her own clothing line, Jeu Illimité.  Underneath the open button-up, she wears a cropped white tank top, a souvenir from a prior relationship. To amp up the heat, she opts for a bright orange handbag with a crocodile-skin pattern and jewelry from her other line, Bagatiba.  "It's really fun making your own things," she says, referencing her different brands. "I make things in such small quantities that I know that if I go into a room, somebody else really isn't gonna be wearing what I'm wearing. It's still very niche. And it inspires me to create more."   YouTuber and Eggie founder Jenn Im aims for a soft, floral look that fits in perfectly with Los Angeles's cooling weather.  She's wearing her line's Lyla dress, which features an orange floral print, tulle, and breezy sleeves. She gives the feminine look a sharp edge with clear heels by Schutz and a mini Palm Springs Louis Vuitton backpack. For accessories, she dons interlinked silver hoop earrings by Adornmonde and a custom name necklace by Bychari. "It's amazing for parties and any social gatherings," says Im, referring to her custom necklace. "There's really no excuse for no one to remember my name. I almost feel like every person in the world should have a little name tag like this. It's just a nice cheat code."   "My style is fun," says Carlson, the cofounder of Wildflower Cases. "It's flirty and sassy, but cute and easy." Her quintessential look begins with vintage black heeled boots from French brand Free Lance. She pairs them with a floral milkmaid minidress from Squaresville, a vintage shop in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Silver Lake. For accessories, she opts for a vintage Fendi handbag, silver hoop earrings from Chrome Hearts, and a Cupid-themed phone case from Wildflower Cases. "I always usually match my phone case to my outfits," she says.  Watch the rest of the video above to see all of the pieces Jessie, Jenn, and Devon are wearing, and then add them to your cart. Don't forget to subscribe to BAZAAR's YouTube channel so you never miss an episode of This Look Is Money, Go to Bed with Me, Royal Tea with Rickey Thompson, Heel Hunters, Little Black Book, and Food Diaries.
 Tracking all the top fashion ads of the upcoming season. See what's good on the campaign trail for Spring 2020. Model: Jodie Comer Photographer: Steven Meisel
 Prince Harry told her, "Oh my God, thank you, she looks absolutely stunning." Meghan Markle surprised us when she showed up to her royal wedding wearing Givenchy. After rumors pointed to Erdem, Alexander McQueen, and Ralph & Russo over the past few months, the bride ultimately turned to creative director Clare Waight Keller to create her simple, elegant gown.  Due to the intense speculation surrounding the details of Meghan's gown ahead of the May 19th ceremony, the Givenchy artistic director was forced to keep mum about her five-month-long dress design process. She didn't even tell her husband, American architect Philip Keller, she was working on it. In fact, he didn't find out until the morning of the wedding.  Clare Waight Keller on designing Meghan’s wedding dress: “She looked just incredible and it showed.” https://t.co/zhvnM1VAXT pic.twitter.com/9aDMVEnFHI  Markle approached Keller in January and already "had an idea of what she wanted," the designer told ITV the morning after the wedding. She and the now-Duchess of Sussex "worked very closely together" to create the design. Sketches of The Duchess of Sussex’s #RoyalWedding dress, designed by Clare Waight Keller, have been released.The Duchess and Ms. Waight Keller worked closely together on the design, epitomising a timeless minimal elegance referencing the codes of the iconic House of Givenchy. pic.twitter.com/A9ZFKVZmUz Keller, a Brit behind the French fashion house, aimed for a "modern, fresh" design. She wanted Meghan to "feel absolutely incredible in the dress and also I wanted her to feel like it was absolutely right for the occasion." The designer praised Markle as genuine, warm, radiant, and a "strong woman." "She knows what she wants and really it was an absolute joy working with her," she said, per Hello!'s royal reporter Emily Nash.  Dress designer Clare Waight-Keller on Meghan: “She is just exactly what you see on TV. She is just so genuine and warm and radiant. She is just glowing. And she’s a strong woman. She knows what she wants and really it was an absolute joy working with her.” #royalwedding The final result was a bateaux neckline gown with three-quarter sleeves, a sculpted waist, and a soft, round train supported by a triple-silk organza underskirt. The number was made by a small team of ateliers in Paris, using an "exclusive double bonded silk cady" fabric from Europe, the Kensington Palace revealed yesterday. Prince Harry was also personally a fan of the look. He even approached her and personally thanked her for creating the dress, Keller recalled. "He came straight up to me and he said, ‘Oh my God, thank you, she looks absolutely stunning,'" she said.  Meghan's dress designer Clare Waight Keller said about Harry: “He came straight up to me and he said ‘oh my God, thank you, she looks absolutely stunning’." #royalwedding In addition to creating the dress, Keller designed a trailing veil that included a flower from each of the 53 countries in the commonwealth embroidered at the hem.  "A lot of the work she's probably going to do in the future will be connection to the Commonwealth, and so that was something I really thought could be quite compelling,"  she added to ITV. Meghan loved the idea.  As the first female artistic director of Givenchy, Keller felt her story might've resonated with Markle, a vocal feminist and supporter of women's rights. "That was maybe part of her story," she said.  Clare W-K on Meghan: “I think she really admired the fact that I was a woman designer and the many companies I have worked for, British companies and international companies and the fact that I am a working mother played into it as well, so that was maybe part of her story.” Ultimately, Keller felt "truly privileged" and "flattered" to take on the "enormous honor" of designing a royal wedding dress. "I'm so proud to have been part of it," she told ITV.  Stella McCartney, who designed Meghan's high-collar second wedding dress for the Frogmore House reception, also responded to dressing the famous bride.  "I am so proud and honored to have been chosen by the Duchess of Sussex to make her evening gown and represent British design,” McCartney told WWD. “It has truly been one of the most humbling moments of my career and I am so proud of all the team on this stunning sunny royal day.” This post has been updated.
 Upon her new retrospective opening at London’s National Portrait Gallery, the trailblazing artist talks personal style and her arch take on conventional femininity.  I’ve gone through many phases along with my characters—sometimes un-flattering, sometimes totally unrecognizable. There’s never been a straight line of evolution. You’ll see this in my retrospective opening in June at London’s National Portrait Gallery. I used to want to blend into the crowd when I was younger, like I disappear into my work. But now I’m more drawn toward being a bit flashy if the opportunity presents itself. I wear a lot of color and mixed prints from Prada, Marni, and Zero + Maria Cornejo. I dress very casually in the daytime but prefer longer dresses when I go out.  My biggest splurge is jewelry. I like the idea of art being a small wearable object, as opposed to the usual giant scale that signifies value. So I have several special pieces from Repossi, Verdura, and Codognato. I’m more prone to wear flats than pumps, but I also  like chunky heels and platforms. Simone Rocha wingtips are one of my go-to’s. I’m always changing my handbag. Louis Vuitton, Dior, and Celine are a few of my favorites. My favorite accessory is my Apple Watch. It’s the one thing I don’t have to think about. I can’t remember one good piece of style advice I’ve ever received. Either I’ve never asked for any or I’ve never gotten any. The women in my life who most influenced my personal style are the housewives I saw on TV and in ads during my childhood. It wasn’t always a positive influence. Overall I’d say my personal style is unconventional and somewhat boyish. Of course, I also ironically play with femininity and makeup. Michèle Lamy is one of my style icons for being edgy and fearless. I also love Michelle Obama because she supports younger designers and is always sophisticated. My one beauty essential is eye cream, as my skin is so dry. I’m not really bound to any one brand, as long as I’m not allergic to it. Perfume doesn’t really stay on my skin. But I love Narciso Rodriguez for Her and Superstitious, Alber Elbaz’s fragrance collaboration with Frédéric Malle.   Art and flowers are my favorite gifts to give. They are also my favorite gifts to receive. My favorite destination in the world is my home. Wherever it is. I have no rules. I also have no weekend ritual. For artists, there isn’t one.
 The fashion house tapped 17 famous women to debut its latest collection.  In lieu of a traditional runway show, Nicolas Ghesquière debuted Louis Vuitton's Pre-Fall 2019 collection with a celebrity-filled lookbook. From A-listers like Michelle Williams and Ruth Negga to rising stars like Indya Moore and Urassaya Sperbund, the brand tapped 17 stylish women who "illustrate the diversity of feminine expression" to model its latest collection.“These women embrace the various personalities that embody fashion at Louis Vuitton. Be they stars or new faces, all of them share the same willpower and confidence in their choices, and at the same time, reflect the eclecticism of the female identity,” Ghesquière said in a statement from the brand.Much like the women wearing it, Vuitton's Pre-Fall '19 collection ranges from ultra-feminine lace and florals to edgier leather and plaids. The collection also includes new takes on the brand's signature logo bags and leather goods. Scroll down to see the star-studded lookbook in its entirety. 
 The brand is tapping into a market that's usually ignored by luxury designers. Tommy Hilfiger has announced plans to make a line of clothes for people with disabilities, Bloomberg has reported. The American fashion label is tapping into a market usually ignored by luxury fashion brands. The adaptive clothing line will feature adjusted seams and openings that make it easier for caretakers to dress the wearer, as well as magnetic closures so that it is easier to pull garments over the head or to get dressed with one hand. Trousers will have velcro and magnetic flies, while leg openings and hems will be adjustable to accommodate for leg braces. The men’s line will feature 37 pieces and the women’s 34 styles. In a statement, Hilfiger described moving into this market as part of a “democratization of fashion.” With millions of disabled people worldwide who would no doubt welcome this news, the decision also makes great sense financially. 
  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 "Alright, motherf*ckers! Now, every woman needs to have a pointy shoe." After topping charts with a song about Louboutins, Cardi B continues her shoe obsession with a new partnership with Steve Madden. The rapper curated a collection of the brand's shoes—which ranges from vampy over-the-knee boots to work-friendly pumps—and models the styles in a video campaign. In the cheeky, unfiltered clips, (reminiscent of her own Instagram videos) she offers her "daily tips" on dressing, accessorizing, and basically living your best life. On day-to-night style:  "Alright, motherf*ckers! Now, every woman needs to have a pointy shoe. If I button this shirt, I could wear this to a business meeting but I could wear this to the club." On making affordable clothes look expensive: "I'm just gonna keep it real, right? I look rich as hell ('cause I am). You could look rich too, because look at these boots. They Steve Madden, bitch." On (patriotic) daytime dressing: "Alright y'all, so now I'm giving you cute, sexy, daytime vibes. Right now white boots are in style, and they made in the USA." On statement pieces: "You know what makes a outfit? A good, poppin-ass shoe. Who don't like pink? P*ssy-poppin' pink." On letting your shoes be extra: "These are called the Wifey. It's not the type of shiny, but it's like, 'Oh my God, what? Why her shoes so shiny? She think she in da club, like damn, we only going to brunch!'" Cardi started teasing her Steve Madden collab weeks ago, as she sported shoes by the footwear brand and gave shoutouts to the label on Instagram back in November. "Ladies you don’t have to break the bank," she wrote in one photo.  
 
 "I don't want my children to ever look back and think, ‘Gosh, I wish I hadn't done that.’" Cindy Crawford says she's lucky she doesn't have a #MeToo story to share, but admits she regrets certain nude shoots that she felt coerced into doing. The 52-year-old supermodel is now mentor, manager and mother to her two model children Presley and Kaia - and in the wake of the #MeToo movement, she wants to "empower" them to be able to say no if they feel uncomfortable at work. "I've done nude photos, lots," Crawford told Town & Country. "The only ones I regretted were the ones that I kind of got talked into.  "I don't want my children to ever look back and think, ‘Gosh, I wish I hadn't done that.’ I want to empower them to just say, 'I'm outta here.'" Reflecting on the women and men speaking up about sexual harassment and abuse in Hollywood and beyond, she continued: "I'm really lucky, because I don't have a #MeToo story. "As far as being a mother of two young people going into fashion, of course I worry. But let's be honest. My kids are blessed in that business because they aren't coming in as unknowns. People will know I will come after them if they mess with my kids."    being fools for @calvinklein #mycalvins A post shared by  Kaia (@kaiagerber) on Mar 14, 2018 at 9:09am PDT  Presley, 18, and Kaia, 16, have dominated the catwalks during recent fashion weeks, and recently landed a Calvin Klein campaign together. Kaia made her couture show debut at Chanel earlier this year, and stars in the French fashion house's latest handbag campaign.  #chanelhandbagstories @chanelofficial by Karl ❤️ A post shared by  Kaia (@kaiagerber) on Apr 3, 2018 at 6:17am PDT On her relationship with with her in-demand teenage model daughter Kaia, Crawford added: "We talk every day, at least, and text.  "If she doesn't text me back within 15 minutes, I do one in all caps and a lot of exclamation points. Just respond, okay? Or else I’m going to track you through your Uber account." 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 The first installment is a collaboration with Paola Alberdi, the blogger behind Blank Itinerary. Amazon Fashion is betting big on influencers. Today, the e-commerce behemoth is releasing its inaugural street-style inspired collection with Paola Alberdi, the blogger behind Blank Itinerary.  The limited-edition capsule collection, called The Drop, sees Alberdi sporting outfits she co-designed with Amazon.    Along with on-trend outfit staples—a taupe polka dot blouse with ruched long sleeves, a sunshine yellow wrap dress, and an oversized vest—Alberdi also incorporated blazer, one of her favorite wardrobe must-haves, for the warm weather. The San Diego-based influencer's Mexican-American culture also played a role in the Amazon collaboration. "Mexican women love dressing up, and growing up in a bi-cultural family, I was very much influenced by that," Alberdi told BAZAAR.com. "I was surrounded by sophisticated women who were always dressed so elegantly. I’ve also been influenced by European styles since I lived in Spain when I was younger." Each piece from the influencer-heavy digital campaign is only available for purchase within 30 hours of its initial release through the Amazon app or on a mobile web browser. After consumers buy pieces from the select group of influencers—Emi Suzuki, Sierra Furtado, Leonie Hanne, and Patricia Bright have also joined the roster—then their garments will be made on-demand and delivered within a few weeks.   Alberdi kept "the girl on-the-go" in mind when creating her neutral-toned collection of pieces so shoppers can mix and match items. She noted that an accessible price point enables consumers to "feel confident in the way they present themselves through fashion without having to spend so much to accomplish that." Check out the full collection, modeled by Alberdi below.
 Prepare to fall in love with the finale gown.  Inspired by the late Oscar de la Renta's love of art galleries, Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia's Spring 2018 collection for the fashion house was full of color, volume, and most importantly, dreamy gowns. From feminine-infused tulle to colorful sequin logos,  the brand's spring gowns made quite the impact while entering and exiting the runway via an escalator. Scroll down to see all the breathtaking gowns featured in the collection in photos and in motion on Instagram. 
 The brand showcases its spring collection with a video titled "Why Can't We Get Along?"  Like many other fashion brands, rag & bone is continuing to push the boundaries of the traditional runway show format.  Last September, the brand skipped New York Fashion Week and instead unveiled its Spring 2018 collection through a series of self-portraits. The photo project starring Selah Marley, Georgia Fowler, Bobby Cannavale, Maye Musk, Tali Lennox and more not only debuted the brand's latest pieces, but also had a charitable component–allowing each of its subjects to make a donation to a non-profit organization of their choice.  Now, just a week ahead of this season's New York Fashion Week shows, rag & bone found another visual medium to showcase its Spring 2018 collection: short film. Titled  Why Can't We Get Along?, the dance video choreographed by Benjamin Millepied stars Kate Mara and Ansel Elgort along with eight members of the American Ballet Theatre, three Hiplet Ballerinas, YouTube star and dancer Kandi Reign, and three members of Bullettrun Parkour.  Described by the brand as "a visual experiment and a metaphor which illustrates why seeing the world from different perspectives can often be difficult," the mesmerizing six-minute film hopes to create "dialogue about perspective and visual experimentation."  Each dancer in the video wears a look from rag & bone's Spring 2018 collection, which is available to shop now at rag-bone.com—certainly making for a fresh way to market a fashion collection. While dance and choreography videos have long been taking over YouTube and Instagram feeds across the globe, will they have the power to sell clothes?   
 This video will have you feeling all the feels.  In March, Virgil Abloh made history when he was appointed the menswear artistic director of Louis Vuitton—becoming the first African-American to hold the position at the French fashion house. Today, the designer presented his first collection for Louis Vuitton Men's in Paris and things got pretty emotional when longtime friend and collaborator Kanye West was there to support him in the front row.   As Abloh took his final bow at the end of the show, he ran to embrace Kanye. The two shared a truly touching moment and began crying as they hugged on the runway.    And it's nearly impossible to watch the video without feeling all the feels.  Virgil runs into Ye’s arms at the close of his 1st show for #LouisVuitton What a moment! #LVMenSS19 https://t.co/Nk5LSCS3Jg Abloh and West, both originally from Chicago, have been friends since the early 2000s and even interned at Fendi together in 2009. Following their internship, West appointed Abloh the creative director of his agency, DONDA. At the show, which was held in the garden of the Palais-Royal in Paris, West sat alongside wife Kim Kardashian West, sister-in-law Kylie Jenner, and rapper Travis Scott. Tracks from the rapper's newly-released album, Ye, were also played during the show.   In a recent interview with Axel Vervoordt, West seemed conflicted about his feelings on Abloh's appointment at Louis Vuitton. “I had been dealing with a very heavy concept this week that I couldn't get out of my head," the rapper revealed. When pressed about what happened, he answered, "It's not bad or good, it's my creative collaborator being the head of Louis Vuitton."  Despite his hard-to-decipher comments, West's appearance at Abloh's LV debut today proves the creative duo's bond is just as strong as ever. And regardless of your feelings on West's many controversial and problematic comments as of late, it was a powerful moment to witness. 
 The epic show featured an all black runway cast, and celebrated age and size diversity. Back in October 2018, it was revealed that Tommy Hilfiger would be collaborating with Zendaya, after a four-year stint working with Gigi Hadid. Fast forward to Paris Fashion Week, and #TommyXZendaya's first runway show is upon us. The runway was turned into a '70s roller rink, complete with a light up floor. Drenched in red disco lights at the start of the show, models wore roller skates while showcasing the eclectic new collection. Basically, the launch of Tommy x Zendaya was a literal party, which is totally apt:    LIVE from Paris, it`s the debut of #TommyXZendaya and #TOMMYNOW SS19! 🇫🇷 Don`t miss a single runway moment. #TommyHilfiger #PFW https://t.co/1TLYBOPb3H  Per a press release, Zendaya and Hilfiger were influenced by "'70s icons and the 1973 Battle of Versailles fashion show." The show was incredibly inclusive, featuring an all black runway cast—"59 black women, ages 18 to 70," per ELLE—each diverse in size and age. Zendaya's commitment to only casting women of color, and celebrating size and age inclusivity, is truly inspiring.  It was also important to Zendaya and Hilfiger to cast models who have inspired them. The world's first black supermodel, Pat Cleveland, was joined on the runway by a plethora of legendary models including Beverly Peele, Beverly Johnson, Veronica Webb, Debra Shaw, and Chrystèle Saint Louis Augustin. Winnie Harlow and Jourdan Dunn also walked, and icon Grace Jones brought the house down as she closed the show:  @tommyhilfiger x @zendaya proving that inclusivity is a BIG party.  A little help from legends like Grace Jones, Pat Cleveland, and Beverley Johnson doesn’t hurt either 😍. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ • ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ #ad #tommyxzendaya #tommynow #tommyhilfiger #gracejones #pulluptomybumperbaby #patcleveland #beverlyjohnson #battleofversailles #pfw #parisfashionweek #inclusivity #positivity #diversity #diversitymatters #bodypositive #adaptive #tommyadaptive #model #supermodel #zendaya #lawroach #ootd #wiwt #disco #rollerdisco #discofloor #dietprada A post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Mar 2, 2019 at 3:30pm PST Per WWD, Hilfiger revealed, "Our innovative ‘see-now-buy-now’ experiential show will blend our Americana heritage, Zendaya’s confidence and optimism, and the city’s iconic elements for a truly unforgettable runway event."  Zendaya debuted several pieces from the collection ahead of its first runway show: In January 2019, Zendaya expressed her excitement about the collaboration in an interview with Harper's BAZAAR saying, "He told me how I would be able to truly have creative control from concept to clothing, down to the font on the packaging. I was in heaven when I showed up with my inspiration boards and a million ideas, and I was allowed to just go for it, with all the support in the world." Hilfiger previously revealed in a statement why The Greatest Showman star was the perfect brand ambassador saying, "Zendaya has become a global icon, using fashion to make bold statements while always staying true to herself. Our capsule collection will fuse her eclectic style with the Americana spirit of our brand."
 How to style your kicks this season.  From classic white trainers to chunky retro kicks, the fashion set's infatuation with sneakers isn't ending any time soon. Whether you're committed to the athleisure look or topping off a pantsuit or dress with a contrasting pair of kicks, there are plenty of ways to style sneakers this season. From the model off-duty looks to the street style take, get inspired by these sneaker outfits ideas and shop the best of now.  Top off a trench coat and frayed cut-off jeans with a pair of white, retro-inspired sneakers. Fila sneakers, $103, asos.com. SHOP Contrast a statement-making coat with high-top sneakers à la Zendaya.  Nike high top sneakers, nike.com. SHOP Put a sporty twist on a feminine look by pairing sock sneakers with a midi-length skirt and ladylike bag.  Loeffler Randall sneakers, $295, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP Whether a classic pantsuit or a sportier version à la Gigi Hadid, a pair of classic, clean white Reebok sneakers is a no-fail way to make a two-piece set look cooler.  Reebok sneakers, $75, bloomingdales.com. SHOP Balance out a ladylike midi dress with a pair of high top skater sneakers.  Vans high top sneaker, $65, nordstrom.com. SHOP Pair classic white sneakers with track pants for a sporty-inspired look.  Cole Haan sneakers, $130, macys.com. SHOP Offset the femininty of a skirt suit with a pair of chunky, throwback sneakers, as spotted on Bella Hadid.  Nike sneakers, $150, ladyfootlocker.com. SHOP Keep your look casual with a pair of lounge pants, simple white t-shirt, and denim jacket paired with white lace-up sneakers.  Oliver Cabell sneakers, $178, olivercabell.com. SHOP Go for the ultimate high-low look with a party-friendly dress styled with basic white tennis shoes, as demonstrated by Tracee Ellis Ross.  Superga sneakers, $88, farfetch.com. SHOP Infuse your kicks with some summer-ready, island vibes with a pair of palm print sneakers.  Schutz sneakers, $88, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Let your socks do the talking by pairing a bright colored pair with a white sneaker.  Jil Sander sneakers, $220, net-a-porter.com. SHOP ASOS two-pack glitter socks, $9.50, asos.com. SHOP For a sophisticated spin, style your sneaks with structured office-friendly pieces like an oversized blazer and black pencil skirt.  Common Projects sneakers, $410, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Go full on athleisure with the go-to models' off-duty uniform and style a sportier sneaker (like this pair of Adidas Originals) with leggings, a leather moto jacket, and loose sweatshirt.  Adidas sneakers, $70, macys.com. SHOP Take note from the street style set and style a pair of bulky sneakers with jeans and a duster-length coat.  Skechers sneakers, $65, skechers.com. SHOP Oliver Cabell sneakers, $188, olivercabell.com. SHOP
 Anok Yai just became the second black woman ever to open a Prada show. The first was Naomi Campbell.  Last night, model Anok Yai made history at Prada's Fall 2018 show during Milan Fashion Week.  The 19-year-old became the second black model to ever open a Prada show. The first was Naomi Campbell back in 1997. Yes, it's been over two decades since a woman of color opened a Prada runway.    Anok took to Instagram to thank Miuccia Prada, along with her team, for the opportunity, writing, "Can't believe I'm the first black woman to open for Prada since queen @iamnaomicampbell, forever grateful." The model's monumental runway walk is especially incredible as she was just discovered last fall while attending Howard University’s homecoming. Weeks later, she signed with Next Models. And just one month ago, she made her runway debut at Prada's Menswear Fall 2018 show.  Of course, the fact that Prada hasn't cast a woman of color to open its show in over two decades is problematic in itself. In the past, the brand has come under scrutiny for its lack of diversity both on the runway and in its campaigns. Hopefully, Anok opening the Fall 2018 show is an indication the Italian fashion house is headed in the right direction when it comes to diversity. Extremely slowly, but surely, more and more brands are recognizing the importance of casting diverse runways. This season's Fall 2018 shows at New York Fashion Week marked the most racially diverse of all time—with women of color accounting for 37.3% of all castings.  Still, there's a lot of work to be done. 
 Each pup featured is up for adoption.  Fashion, charity AND puppies? For its pre-fall 2019 campaign, MONSE is blending its love of animals and style by partnering with six animal shelters (Animal Haven, Best Friends Animal Society, Bideawee, Rescue City, Rescue Dogs Rock, and Social Tees) in the tri-state area to help promote the adoption and fostering of dogs.  MONSE also recruited Disney to appropriately incorporate one of the most famous dogs ever, Mickey Mouse's sidekick Pluto, into the collection. The stylish campaign images feature 35 adorable pups from local shelters who are each looking for a loyal home, and dog lovers everywhere may not be able to resist.  For MONSE, the integration of the furry friends was a natural fit. "Dogs are family at MONSE, and are often seen running around the office,” says Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia, who founded the brand in 2015. “We knew we wanted our Pre-Fall collection to benefit this cause, so this was the perfect opportunity to highlight Pluto, who is a loveable dog just like many of the ones featured in our campaign."  While the pre-fall collection won't be available until May 2019, a selection of 10 pieces from the collection (for both dogs and humans) will be available to shop on MONSE.com. 100% of proceeds from sales of the selected items will be distributed among the six shelters.   MONSE is also making additional donations to each of the charities including contributions on behalf of the campaign's models, Cat McNeil, Lameka Fox, and McKenna Hellam, who volunteered their time for this special project.
 From sexy suiting to a LBD with the perfect cutouts, shop these stylish date night looks straight from the celebs.  With Valentine's Day right around the corner, it's time to start prepping the ultimate date night outfit. While classic reds and pinks might be an obvious choice, winter whites in sensuous textures or a little black dress with sexy cutouts still give nod to the holiday. No matter what kind of date night you have planned for V-Day and beyond, take a look at these stylish outfit ideas straight from the celebs. Plus, shop the ultimate gift ideas here.  Take a cue from Rihanna and don your best winter whites for a night out. A silky slip dress paired with an oversized blazer and strappy heels feels perfectly sexy without being overdone.   Amanda Wakeley jacket, $379, matchesfashion.com.  SHOP NOW Organic by John Patrick slip dress, $190, farfetch.com.  SHOP NOW Think monochrome with a twist by choosing pieces of the same color in different shades. Victoria Beckham mastered the idea, pairing her maroon sweater and accessories with a cherry red skirt in a sheer fabric.  Victoria Beckham sweater, $346, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Monse skirt, $495, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Celebrate the day of love in a romantic dress with a playful print. Knee-high red boots help add the perfect amount of sultry.  Raquel Diniz dress, $492, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW Gianvito Rossi boots, $1,975, barneys.com.  SHOP NOW Suit up à la Kendall Jenner in tailored separates that don't skimp on the sex appeal. Whether you choose something more low-cut or a jacket that cinches at the waist, suits definitely aren't just for the office.  Racil blazer, $895, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW  Ukies pumps, $125, shop.nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW A LBD never fails, especially when it comes with artfully placed cutouts. Take notes from Priyanka Chopra's peek-a-boo, ruffled dress that feels nothing short of romantic.  Alice McCall dress, $450, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW Imagine by Vince Camuto heels, $70, shop.nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW Don't let wintry temps stop you from rocking rosy colors. A furry coat and body-hugging skirt make for one eye-catching ensemble.  Apparis faux fur coat, $295, intermixonline.com.  SHOP NOW Sara Battaglia skirt, $294, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW If your V-Day plans involve something more casual, pair high-waisted jeans with a cozy sweater that still gives a nod to the holiday.  Love Moschino sweater, $174, farfetch.com.   SHOP NOW M.I.H. jeans, $241, matchesfashion.com.   SHOP NOW Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's sleek black look is perfect for any kind of date night. Her leather skirt and fitted turtleneck feel even more elevated with sparkly accessories   Kith turtleneck, $95, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Marni faux patent-leather skirt, $392, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW Let your topper steal the show, like this bold red coat complete with a sparkly brooch. Matching red boots only add to the heat.  Oscar de la Renta coat, $2,276, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW Jessica Simpson boots, $64, shop.nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW Keep it low-key like Bella Hadid in high-waisted black jeans and a simple red crop top. Add some flair to the look with a animal printed belt and hoop earrings.  Olympiah crop top, $63, farfetch.com.  SHOP NOW Agolde high-rise jeans, $178, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW Keep a bright pink dress from feeling overly sweet with a statement jacket in gray tones and edgy black accessories.  Urbancode faux fur jacket, $304, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Theory silk dress, $137, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW A structured dress get a date night upgrade with pointy, knee-high boots as shown by Hailey Baldwin.  Topshop minidress, $86, shop.nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOWCharles by Charles David boots, $96, shop.nordstrom.com.SHOP NOW
 The leading lady of Tennis talks music, style, and her biggest inspirations.  AM: Patrick and I met in our senior year of college. I planned on grad school, but Patrick planned on moving aboard a small sailboat and sailing around the world. That intrigued me, since we had both grown up in landlocked Colorado. He had been saving for a sailboat since he was twelve. This intrigued me further. By the time we graduated, he enlisted me as crew. We lived and voyaged on a 30-foot sailboat together for the better part of a year.  Get the Look 
  During this time, we had very limited electricity from a small battery bank, not enough to power a stereo, so we were unable to listen to music. The silence made us crave music acutely. We fantasized about what we would listen to if we could, which evolved into making music of our own. When we returned home we started writing and recording for fun and sharing our music on Myspace, that was the beginning of Tennis. It was a slow, indirect path, influenced by many things outside of music.  Get the Look 
 AM: I notice sometimes—and I am always surprised by this—that we have inadvertently stumbled into some sort of zeitgeist, like the resurgence of analogue recording or ‘60s-‘70s nostalgia, and suddenly we are part of a scene. What sets us apart from many of our peers is the nature of our ambition. Rather than being the biggest band, we want to be the freest band, with maximum autonomy. This motivated us to leave our label and start our own called Mutually Detrimental. I want to create without being under the thumb of whoever footed the bill. Running our own label frees us from those obligations and allows us to experiment with songwriting and album campaigns in a way that most labels would be uncomfortable with.  Get the Look What sets us apart from many of our peers is the nature of our ambition.  Gucci  Gucci Gucci Gucci Gucci AM: We wrote much of our last album while voyaging in the Sea of Cortez on our 30-foot sailboat. We lived in little coves and fishing villages for nearly five months. On this album, we wrote ourselves free from the expectations of an industry that hounded us for radio singles and increasingly clever release strategies. I wrote simple and sincere songs about my inner world, reflections on womanhood, marriage, my relationship to the world. It was extremely cathartic. The album is called Yours Conditionally.  AM: When a song works it has an ineffable quality of completion. Not perfection, but completion. I always strive for that in a song, though it eludes me all the time. I have a complicated relationship with performing because I see myself more as a writer than an entertainer, and never feel totally at home onstage. My goal with a performance is always to do the songs justice, and show my most vulnerable, truthful self to the audience. I have no stage persona. I don’t want to have to live up to some larger than life figure that I’ve invented on stage after night. I only want to have to be myself. And usually that is challenge enough.    AM: I think there is a mutual, reinforcing relationship between our visual and sonic aesthetic. Where I look for inspiration in music is usually where I find inspiration visually. The thing that’s taken me the longest to figure out is my hair. I never knew what to do with my curls, which always felt was anathema to me. Then one day I found a photo of Sandra Bernhard in The King of Comedy, and a photo of Whitney Houston on tour in the ‘80s, and I was like, “that’s my hair.”   Now my insane hair is kind of like the set piece to all of our visuals and I style everything around it.  AM: We are both involved at every level. It is important that we both feel heard, creatively fulfilled, and equally carry our own weight. The easiest path to resentment is to feel like one of you is working harder than the other. That’s something we are always wary of.  AM: I am most inspired by film. The movie 3 Women by Robert Altman, Twin Peaks by David Lynch, Buffalo 66 by Vincent Gallo, to name a few. I am also obsessed with Solange and Chloë Sevigny’s personal style.  AM: I am a longtime fan of Gucci and look to Alessandro Michele’s collections to help me come up with new ways of styling my own wardrobe. I’m also working really hard to stop buying fast fashion and support ethically made clothing.    AM: We have a special relationship with the McKittrick Hotel since we played an album release show in the upstairs venue that was incredibly beautiful and intimate. We always have magical nights on that rooftop bar and I never get tired of seeing Sleep No More, a unique theatrical production you can only experience there. AM: Our looks for stage were absolutely stunning. Especially Pat’s suit, which I could not get enough of. I also loved my first look, I am a sucker for any variation of menswear.  AM: Gucci has mastered the art of drawing from the past without totally relying on it. This is the approach we take to our songwriting. We are nostalgists, but don’t want to rehash the past. We want to make something undeniably new.     Get the Look 

 Just the thing to wear with all your chic boots and booties... Are you a moody florals girl? Mad about plaid? Here for a little velvet? It's officially your dress season if so. Fall in love with these autumn-ready frocks and shop twelve that we're coveting. This neck-tied dress is just begging for a good slouch boot and a crisp day.  A bold shoulder, long sleeves and a mini length make this investment piece right on time. The movement of this romantic number is seasonless—wear it on it's own or layered over a black turtleneck. The black piping on this shirt dress takes it from basic to bold. Wear it belted, plain, open over jeans, with tights, under a jacket or over a long-sleeved shirt. Versatility is the word you're looking for.  $560 This hot ticket is fitted without being tight with an ultra-flattering neckline. It can go from day to night depending on accessories—and your mood. All the work is done for you with this belted poplin midi dress. Go with an over-the-knee boot to keep a clean silhouette.  Who doesn't love a good knitted dress in the fall. The muted stripes take it from cozy to '70s cool.  A little volume, some buttons and a great plaid add up to a perfect fall dress. We want to see it over a white blouse. Just the dress to wear with booties and no jacket during those summer to fall transition days. Toss on a camel coat as the weather cools. $1,350 The kind of piece that gets you noticed—we're here for the wrap detail, the gray plaid and the artful layering. A little bit '80s, a little but "Clueless" and a lot cool. Pair with flats to anchor the mini vibe. It's witchy in the best way—and an open back keeps it ultra-feminine. Dark florals are perfect for those ladylike fall lovers. Can we even get through a whole season without a stellar leopard piece? Maybe, but why would we?
 From colorful jewelry to the single earring trend.  Now that the Spring 2020 runways have officially wrapped up in New York, it's time to start looking back at the trends that emerged along the way. Out of all the clothing, shoes and accessories, next season's jewelry trends may just be the most fun to experiment with. Designers got playful with colorful gems, oversized statement pieces, and standalone earrings that prove sometimes the single life really is more fun.  Get a sneak-peek at next spring's biggest jewelry trends and start shopping them now. Forget sticking to gold and silver, designers brought on an explosion of color for Spring 2020's jewelry. There were bright floral and beaded pieces at Ulla Johnson, gemstones at Brandon Maxwell, and mismatched colors at Marc Jacobs and Ports 1961. Channeling our inner kids, the look is all about having fun with your accessories.  Pictured: Ulla Johnson Brandon Maxwell Anna Sui Marc Jacbos Mark Fast Ports 1961 The colorful gemstone jewelry from Brandon Maxwell's Spring 2020 runway, a collaboration with Kenneth Jay Lane, is already available for pre-order.  Roxanne Assoulin's beaded camp bracelets are the ultimate way to add some color—and some fun—into your jewelry collection.  Earrings are going solo next season. The single earring look dominated Spring 2020 runways from Prabal Gurung to Tibi and Marc Jacobs. The key to achieving this look? Go for an earring that's statement-making enough to stand on its own.  Pictured: Tasaki Atelier by Prabal Gurung Tibi Zimmermann Oscar de la Renta Marc Jacobs SVNR's hand-made earrings, which are all sold as singles, are the perfect way to get the look.  You only need one earring when it's this chic.  Chains got bigger and bigger on the spring runways. Brandon Maxwell sent giant sparkling versions (some complete with matching chain earrings) down his runway, while Zimmermann layered oversized chain necklaces with beaded ones.  Pictured: Brandon Maxwell Zimmermann Zimmermann Go bold or go home with this statement necklace that features a pop of color too.  J.Crew$78.00jcrew.com. SHOP NOW A chunky resin chain adds an extra cool factor to any look—especially when done in tortoise for a retro feel. Pearls are going strong for Spring 2020. The classic material made appearances in just about every form—from single drop earrings to layered necklaces and even on headpieces at Khaite.  Pictured: Jason Wu Tory Burch Khaite Anna Sui Tasaki Atelier by Prabal Gurung Mejuri$75.00mejuri.com SHOP NOW A delicate drop earring that polishes up any look.  A pearl choker to instantly upgrade your necklace layering game. Hoop earrings never really left, but get ready to see them multiply in size next season. Proenza sent a crop of power hoops down its runway—thick, gold, and double-hooped for extra measure, while designers like Oscar de la Renta explored the oversized look using different materials.  Pictured: Proenza Schouler Oscar de la Renta Tommy Hilfiger x Zendaya SHOP NOW   A chunky gold hoop that'll stand out for all the right reasons.  An oversized hoop earring that's delicate, yet statement-making to the fullest extent.
 They translate runway to reality. Every day, Harper's Bazaar editors get the first look at the latest trends. But how do they wear them in real life? Senior Digital Editor Chrissy Rutherford and Accessories Director Amanda Alagem model their favorite prairie-meets-city pieces from the newest Coach 1941 collection. Rutherford gives Americana classics like a varsity-inspired jacket, white t-shirt, and fitted jeans a boost with a cheeky cherry-print purse. Coach 1941 Military Patch Varsity Jacket, $695, coach.com. SHOP Coach 1941 Dinky In Glovetanned Leather With Cherry Print, $450, coach.com. SHOP Alagem shows you that it's time to upgrade your go-to trench with this suede number. Coach 1941 Suede Trench Coat, $1500, coach.com. SHOP Coach 1941 Rogue In Natural Pebble Leather With Prairie Rivets, $995, coach.com. SHOP Rutherford thinks three prints are better than one: A plaid coat + a cherry dress + a studded bag = one chic look. Coach 1941 Wool Trench Coat, $995, coach.com. SHOP Coach 1941 Western Shirt Dress, $595, coach.com. SHOP Coach 1941 Rogue 25 In Natural Pebble Leather With Prairie Rivets, $795, coach.com. SHOP Alagem pairs dark florals with tough boots for a pretty badass look.  Coach 1941 Lacework Dress, $795, coach.com. SHOP Coach 1941 Rogue 25 In Natural Pebble Leather With Tooled Tea Rose, $995, coach.com. SHOP
 As Angela Missoni marks 20 years at the helm of her family’s iconic label, Joan Juliet Buck travels to Italy to break bread with the designer and reminisce with the clan. Her earlobes weighed down by enough charms to fill two bracelets, her hair in a topknot, Angela Missoni is claustrophobic in cities, alive with enthusiasm, lit by clarity. For 20 years the creative director of Missoni, she’s turned the family-owned company into a global luxury brand without forfeiting its intimate authenticity. “I’m not looking for perfection,” she says, “but harmony.” I’ve been in thrall to her family from the first time I saw a Missoni pullover in a magazine in 1967. Every possible color was joined into a lacy motif of faintly heraldic points as scalloped as fish scales, as feathered as bird wings. The colors said everything was possible, the lacy scales suggested that one could transcend human form, the pullover proved that fashion could bend toward joy. I was a goner.  I never owned that pullover, but it set off a craving for those patterns, those endless colors. When I grew up and got a job, I saved up for a silky Missoni cardigan at Browns in London, and I can still summon the glow set off by its tiny squares, two shades of turquoise dancing with two shades of red. The day the fashion editor Anna Piaggi introduced me to Tai and Rosita Missoni in 1973 in a London coffee shop, I was at first too mesmerized by live Missonis in Missoni, too fixated on the brown, purple, and turquoise of Tai’s sweater, the blue, black, and mauve of Rosita’s coat, to register how handsome they were, how warm, how lucid. Tai, a former Olympic athlete, was tall, sparkling, full of folk wisdom and Italian jokes I didn’t understand; Rosita, short and beautiful with close-cropped hair, had a gentle way of being bluntly honest. I moved to Italy as Women’s Wear Daily’s correspondent to get closer to them, and, I admit, to gain admittance to their factory at Sumirago, in the Varese countryside north of Milan, and root around their stockroom, where the magical patterns were folded on shelves in plastic bags stamped this bag is not a toy. I saw the looms that wove space-dyed thread into sunsets, other machines that created intricately varied stitches or raised stripes or wandering clusters of medallions, and the one that produced the scales and feathers of the original raschel lace. I watched Tai align dots of color into patterns on graph paper, and began to understand the skill that went into such protean magic.   It was no surprise that their house was in the woods next door to the factory, nor that it was full of bright Clarice Cliff pottery, Venetian glass, tribal textiles, jars of rare jams made by friends, modern sculpture, flea market paintings and pottery, bamboo sofas covered in Missoni fabrics and occupied by men in Missoni discussing football and art. On one wall hung a dazzling color wheel executed on a plate, a sample from an old porcelain manufacturer. Rosita swam every day in the pool beneath their terrace, and foraged for mushrooms in the woods below the sloping lawn. I met their three teenagers, Luca and Vittorio, and Angela, a shy 15-year-old, who one evening handed me a gift, a brooch of an iris in smoky mauves and greens.  In 1975, when their collections earned wild raves from the international press, I asked if they would expand the factory to meet the new demand. “Why do that?” Rosita asked. “What if next season we’re not so popular? We’re staying just as we are.”  The friendship anchored my life in Milan; grew and endured, in Varese; in Paris, where Rosita was the only witness to my ghost of the Rue Jacob; in New York, where I sat by an East Village fire pit with Angela; in Los Angeles or Venice, where they loaned me their apartment by the Bridge of Sighs. They gave me blue cardigans to match the color of one man’s eyes, and then another’s. I still have the white Missoni camisole that started a romance in 1974, the scarves and shawls I shared with my mother, the bright stripes I wore when I edited French Vogue, the coats that Rosita took off her back to give me after a lunch, all touchstones.  The children married and had children—three for Luca, three for Vittorio, three for Angela. She’d started helping in the factory at 18 to earn money, and promptly moved out and into a nearby house that Vittorio had just vacated. “I remember thinking when I was 19 that, wherever I landed, I could find a fiancé, so a fiancé from Varese was perfect. My first priority was to become a mother.” She married Marco Maccapani, an events producer, and at 24 gave birth to Margherita, then Francesco, then Teresa. “I was very introverted until I had my children. All that love that you can’t keep inside, all of a sudden it’s flowing out, and it changes you. That’s when I opened up to the world. Everything was related to the well-being of my kids, so I made a playground for the local children, and started an organic chicken farm for a while because I wanted them to have healthy food.”  When Angela was pregnant with her youngest, Teresa, she began her own projects for Missoni, particularly children’s clothes, and notes that Rosita was impressed that she’d mastered every stage in the process, from color cards on. “I’d been with my parents at every show from the age of 10, observing, observing, observing, and I have a visual memory of everything—clothes, details, a scarf, a button, heels, studs, makeup, hair, accessories.” I reminded her of the iris pin she’d given me. “It was from the spring 1974 show at the Hotel Diana in Milan, when we showed volumes that were slightly Poiret.”  In 1997, Rosita handed over the fashion duties to Angela, and turned her attention to MissoniHome. Angela was 38, divorced, tall and voluptuous, with a mane of dark hair and the confident sensuality of a mid-century European movie star—Anna Magnani, Simone Signoret. She introduced tight fits and deep cleavage to bring a bad-girl insouciance to what had become perceived as clothes for rich intellectuals, and hired Mario Testino, Juergen Teller, and Mert & Marcus for ad campaigns that added heat and a hint of menace to the wholesome Missoni image of family happiness.  “I have a cool head, I never panic; I’m the one with the Band-Aids.” It was a charmed life, until January 2013. Vittorio and his wife were returning from a holiday off the coast of Venezuela when the small plane they were in vanished. Before it was clear what had happened, Tai, who was 92 and in bad health, died. Angela kept everyone going. “I have a cool head, I never panic; I’m the one with the Band-Aids,” she says.  She also has rare talents: the capacity to be at once intuitive and strategic, run her fashion team, gauge proportions to a millimeter, put her models in pink pussy hats, indulge her appetites for fine art and flea-market kitsch, and still remain the steady hub of a family business, where children, grandchildren, and gardens carry as much daily weight as next season’s styles.  At the show that marked her 20 years as Missoni’s creative head, the outdoor runway in the courtyard of a former industrial space in Milan felt like a playground, shaded from the September sun by vast striped canopies in pink, turquoise, red, chartreuse, mauve, and aquamarine, commissioned from an artist Angela had found on Instagram, the American Rachel Hayes. The rented warehouse was calm before the show, each look planned well beforehand. Angela likes to say, “I have a mathematician’s mind.” Makeup artists painted the 69 models, girls and boys, as she told a TV crew, “Next year is our 65th anniversary; this show is my 20th-birthday party.” Backstage in the warehouse, her daughter Margherita, who returned from her New York It-girl time to marry Eugenio Amos, a race-car driver from Varese, kept an eye on her boys, Otto, four, and Augusto, two, while Teresa wheeled her six-month-old, Zeno, past a wandering Siberian model in platform sneakers. Angela’s brother Luca, the company’s historian, was outside with Vittorio’s three sons, as Rosita, radiant and vital at almost 86, faced a wall of photographers in her inimitable combination of polka-dotted Missoni sneakers, a black T-shirt painted with white zigzags, and a kimono jacket in blocks of pink, purple, green, yellow, blue, and rust. Chunky colored cubes on her long vintage necklace played off the hues of the coat.  Angela’s 20th-anniversary collection for Spring 2018 was as light as a mousse, with raschel lace in shades of sugared almonds, pastel Lurex, floating cloud skirts with bunched hems, and weightless candy-colored court coats. The fashion audience of almost a thousand cheered as Angela took her victory lap, a plain 15-year-old trench coat of many colors thrown over her black pants. After the show came a dinner in another barely reconfigured industrial space. And when her 200 friends, her longtime partner, Bruno Ragazzi, and her family had drunk the wine and the amaretto and eaten the Northern Italian feast of squash, porchetta, brasato, and lemon cream puffs, they joined some 700 more guests for a huge party under the Rachel Hayes canopies; the runway had become a dance floor, surrounded by chairs and sofas from Angela’s house and Rosita’s garden.  Dancing among skinny girls in Lurex and fashion freaks in giant hats, the New York interior designer Ricky Clifton declared: “I’m here because I want to work for Angela. I want to get out of America.” His savior, Angela, patrolled the party on sheepdog duty, herding groups, making sure that hosts didn’t mislay houseguests, and that everyone had a drink. And then she danced. “Did you dance all night?” I asked the next day.  “Not all night,” she said. “I got a few hours of sleep, because there’s a local swap meet that only happens once a month, and I didn’t want to miss it—and I found treasures. Wait till you see the Fornasetti box I bought for three euros!” We were at her house above a sloping meadow in Brunello with a mountain in the distance, down the road from Tai and Rosita’s house and the factory. Her daughter Teresa lives behind the hedge with her partner, Giovanni, and baby Zeno. The pool is enclosed in a glass room alive with chirps from birds gathered on a table, the birds battery-driven, street-market plastic. A long table was waiting to be set up for the weekend party to celebrate Zeno’s christening, a lunch for 97 adults and 13 children. There would be much talk of sugared almonds. The house’s hard mid-century right angles can barely contain Angela’s profusion. Her collection of sculpted hands spills over the windowsills in her bedroom, which opens onto a terrace covered in wild grasses. The lower steps of the austerely elegant new staircase she designed have silted up with books and catalogues.  Her taste ranges from high art to jokes. There’s a Kusama in one of the bathrooms; a framed suite of hardware made from green organza by Do Ho Suh; and a neon word portrait of Ragazzi by Tracey Emin that spells out crimson sky the mirror glows i can still love you over the couch, but much of the loot is wonderfully bizarre: Afghani carpets patterned with tanks and automatic weapons, woven plastic flowers, ceramics—ceramic dancers, ceramic baskets, ceramic Bambis, ceramic monsters, a ceramic Godzilla cut into ceramic sushi pieces by a little ceramic girl.  She rooted through her fresh swap-meet haul in the laundry room, set aside newly purchased antique dolls (“You clean them when you get them home, take their clothes off, wash them, wipe their bodies”) to find—between Madonnas for Teresa, butterflies for Margherita, new Bambi statuettes and a rough metal music box—the 1950s Fornasetti box decorated with three pipes that had cost all of three euros. It was, I must admit, in very good shape. Before going down into Milan to run through marketing details with her team in the showroom, she crossed the meadow full of dandelions, her white smock billowing, to fill a basket with mushrooms that had been left unpicked under the hornbeams during the collections. Some specimens were as perfect as drawings, the older mushrooms blackened by the wait, but still edible. She knelt by the strawberry patch to show me how she teaches her grandsons to tell them apart.  “The bad strawberries, they’re not poisonous, but you don’t eat them, they’re not good, and you can tell which ones they are because they have their heads up,” she said. “But the good ones—look, they have their heads down.”   Joan Juliet Buck’s memoir,   The Price of Illusion, is out in paperback. This article originally appeared in the December 2017/January 2018 issue of Harper's Bazaar. 
 🔥🔥🔥 Cara Delevingne strips down for Balmain's Spring 2019 campaign and recreates Janet Jackson's iconic topless photo with creative director, Olivier Rousteing. One shot in the black-and-white series, where the duo poses topless, shows Rousteing with his hands over the British model's breasts, mimicking Jackson's janet album art and Rolling Stone cover shot by Patrick Demarchelier in 1993.  "It references all the iconic album covers of the Nineties, which were big pop culture moments of our childhood," the Rousteing said of the tribute, shot by Dan Beleiu, to WWD.  But the provocative portrait did more than pay homage to the '90s golden era of music. "The campaign shows the reunion of two skin tones, one black—or mixed race—and one white," Rousteing added to the outlet. “Choosing to pose naked was all about authenticity." He also noted that he wanted to create something "pure and transparent." Another photo shows Delevingne completely nude, sitting on a block in front of a large stone letter B—Pierre Balmain's original logo for his eponymous brand, which was revived last year.  As for choosing the Cara as his muse, Rousteing told WWD, "I love her so much that I don’t want to see any clothes on her. Her gaze is so strong and magnetic, it’s nearly an item of clothing in itself." This isn't the first time the designer has tapped the Brit for Balmain. Last September, she returned to the runway to open his show at Paris Fashion, while lip syncing to Prince, much to the audience's surprise. 
 It was a star-studded lineup of models.  Fashion Month always brings out a star-studded list of attendees sitting front row. But for its Spring 2019 show at Milan Fashion Week, Dolce & Gabbana brought the real star power onto the runway with an A-list lineup of models.  Tapping an all-star cast, the Italian fashion house sent '90s supermodels Carla Bruni, Eva Herzigova, Helena Christensen, and Karen Elson down the catwalk along with Italian actresses Monica Bellucci and Isabella Rossellini (who walked the runway with her entire family and new baby grandson in tow).  There were appearances by models Emily Ratajkowski and Ashley Graham along with 70-year-old Maye Musk and 54-year-old Marpessa Hennink. There were even models from the British royal family, including Lady Kitty Spencer, the niece of Princess Diana, and Emma Thynn, Viscountess Weymouth, the first black viscountess in the United Kingdom. It all made for a diverse and inclusive casting in terms of age, race, and size.   Lady Kitty Spencer, who gained more attention after looking insanely chic at the royal wedding, is no stranger to the Dolce & Gabbana runway. The model has walked several shows before, previously sharing how emotional the experience was for her on Instagram.  Also making an unexpected runway appearance at D&G this season (to close the show alongside Karen Elson, no less) was Stevie Wonder's teenage son, Kailand Morris. Wonder cheered on his son from the front row (which, as you guessed, was also star-studded).  See all the celebrities who walked Dolce & Gabbana's Spring 2019 show below.
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 Here's everything to know about BadGal RiRi's latest collection. When Rihanna does something, she goes all out–and her latest Fenty x Puma show was no different. The singer-turned-designer (-turned beauty mogul) debuted her fourth collection in collaboration with Puma at New York Fashion Week on Sunday night, following two seasons showing abroad in Paris. BadGal RiRi made a fitting return to NYFW (just a few days after launching her Fenty Beauty line) with real-life motorcyclists, pink sand dunes, and a range of sporty-chic apparel. Here, our favorite moments from Rihanna's latest runway spectacular. Yup, Rihanna kicked off the presentation with a bang. At the start of the show, the lights dimmed, mist fell from the ceiling, and stunt people came riding out on dirt bikes, flipping and jumping over pink sand dunes. The show was held at the Park Avenue Armory in Manhattan, where ceilings were luckily high enough to allow for the gravity-defying stunts.   Bitch had motorcycles flying out from nowhere😩🙌🏽🙌🏽 #fentyxpuma show was inconiccc A post shared by  Rihanna™ (@rh3nna) on Sep 10, 2017 at 6:52pm PDT Rihanna's motorcycle men @FENTYXPUMA #NYFW pic.twitter.com/r8nNNzRJEP  After the dirt bikers made their rounds, the model procession began. Top models (both male and female) paraded around the pink sand dunes sporting the athletic-inspired collection, featuring jumpsuits, biker shorts, swimsuits, parkas, backpacks and more. This season's cyclist theme follows the school girl, Marie Antoinette, and goth-inspired themes of previous collections.   Rihanna's surprise (look up) at Fenty Puma #NYFW pic.twitter.com/UEHqFNwzuq  Cindy Crawford's teenage daughter was in the model roster for RiRi's runway. (She was tough to recognize behind those futuristic sunglasses.) This marks her third time walking at her first-ever fashion week, following Calvin Klein and Alexander Wang. The Victoria's Secret Angel walked the runway in a blue and white bodysuit and hot pink boots. Other notable names in the show included Joan Smalls, Slick Woods, Lexi Boling, Taylor Hill, Stella Maxwell, Adwoa Aboah, and Grace Elizabeth. BadGal RiRi knows how to make an entrance. After the finale, she rode in on the back of a motorcycle, driven by one of the stunt-riders and did a lap around the runway. Queen.   In my next life I want to be @rihanna on the back of a motorcycle #FENTYxPUMA 🔥 pic.twitter.com/r21XLvvM2J 
 It truly is the end of an era. Devastating news for Zac Posen fans this weekend. The designer has been forced to close up shop after failing to find new investors or a buyer for the business. A design favorite in the fashion world, Posen revealed to WWD that he had no choice but to shut down trading. Describing the news as "pretty intense" and "surreal," Posen told the publication, "My partners and I tried everything possible within our means to find solutions to keep it going. I have been trying to find the right strategic partners at this tough time in retail and in the industry. The clock ran out." Posen confirmed that both his namesake line, House of Z, and diffusion line Z Spoke, had shuttered. The "surprising and immediate" decision meant that employees of the company were given the news on Friday afternoon, with operations immediately ceasing across the brand. Posen has an impressive celebrity following, with stars such as SJP, Claire Danes, Deepika Padukone, Michelle Obama, Amal Clooney, and Katie Holmes regularly wearing his designs. He was even responsible for designing Princess Eugenie's second wedding gown, which she wore to her evening reception. As Posen told WWD, "It breaks my heart for my customer and the people who work for me."
 For the first time ever, the military-inspired collection includes clothing for kids. The third installment of Zara's Srpls collection is almost here–and it might be our favorite one yet. Not only is this the first time that the military-inspired line will include clothes for your tots, but it will also toughen up your fall/winter wardrobe like no other. With splashes of khaki and camouflage, thick knit textures, patchwork flight suits, and combat boots, the forthcoming cold weather will be no match for you–or your kid. Mommy and me never looked so chic.  Shop the entire collection tomorrow at zara.com. 
 From the runway to the 'gram, these are the kicks on our wish lists.  Whenever we embark on a new season it's best to be strategic. Are you a party shoe girl? Fashion cowboy boots? The new Moroccan slipper? Get in fall mode and shop the chicest fall shoes and boots that some of fashion's finest are already embracing.  A little bit '70s, a lot relevant right now—the slouch boot works with jeans and dresses and lends just the right amount of texture. Get 'em in every color. Shoes so fun you don't even want to take them off for bed. They can come tied up, with a dose of shine or in a bold hue—just make sure there's a stiletto heel and sex appeal. Your luxury sneaker game is just going to get hotter come Fall. From new shades of your faves to sneaker boot hybrids, it's all about comfy, cool kicks. With "Working Girl" style inspo in full swing, the office-appropriate pump is staging a comeback. Block heeled, rounded toed, and never over three inches—consider it your new power pump.  A lace-up lug sole is the fashion-meet-utility boot at the top of our list. It might be a little less functional in all-white, but when has that ever stopped us? Designers are starting to get crafty with the idea of a cowboy boot. Take all of those pretty dresses into fall with just the right kickers. Heels are working hard these days—with architectural, sculptural detail that would make Brancusi proud. Keep it simple on the top, artful on the bottom.  Somewhere between a Moroccan slipper and a classic kitten heel, these leg-elongating will take you fall miles. Swap them out with trousers and midi skirts for a smart look.
 The looks that have that certain je ne sais quoi... From the saddle bags outside of Dior to the old Céline worn to the new Celine and every Balenciaga knife pump in between, see what the ladies who attend the shows are wearing runway-side. Tina Kunakey in Stella McCartney Halima Aden in Stella McCartney Christine Centenera Charlotte Groeneveld Doutzen Kroes in Stella McCartney Xenia Adonts in Stella McCartney  Pernille Teisbaek  Evangelie Smyrniotaki Aleali May Aimee Song Nikki Ogunnaike in Kenzo Bazaar's Amanda Alagem and Kerry Pieri in Chanel  Amrit Sidhu Chloe King and Stacy Smallwood Caro Daur in a Saci jacket and a Loewe puzzle bag. Michele Elie Candice Stewart Tiffany Hsu Miguel Enamorado Balenciaga jacket Bazaar's Kerry Pieri in Chanel Eva Chen in Stella McCartney Lauren Santo Domingo Camila Coelho in Giambattista Valli Chriselle Lim in Giambattista Valli Xenia Adonts in Giambattista Valli Caro Daur Nicky Hilton de Rothschild in Giambattista Valli Lisa Aiken in Brock Collection Bazaar's Amanda Alagem in Carolina Herrera Chloe Kang Julie Pelipas Caroline de Maigret Soo Joo Park  Loulou de Saisson in Prada Kate Davidson Hudson Selby Drummond with a Louis Vuitton bag Veronika Heilbrunner Brittany Xavier Xenia Adonts Bazaar's Joyann King in Rixo  Bazaar's Kerry Pieri Ellie Delphine Tiffany Hsu in Balenciaga Bettina Looney  Burberry bag Candice Stewart  Anna Vitiello and Bettina Looney Caro Daur Sabah Koj Charlotte Groenveld and Xenia Adonts Doina Ciobanu Marine Serre skirt Candice Stewart with Chloe bag Chloe King  Tiffany Hsu in Loewe Evangelie Smyrniotaki Aimee Song Elena Perminova Caro Daur Tamu McPherson Carine Roitfeld Lisa Aiken Bazaar's Amanda Alagem Nausheen Shah Alyssa Coscarelli Michele Elie Madelynn Furlong Larsen Thompson Bazaar's Amanda Alagem Susie Bubble Anok Yai Yasmin Sewell  Charlotte Groenevelt in Chloe Erika Boldrin in Chloe Caro Daur in Chloe Aemilia Madden Chloe King Xenia Adonts Caroline Vreeland Julie Pelipas Loulou de Saisson Camille Charriere Madelynn Furlong Vanessa Hong in Paco Rabanne Candice Stewart  Off-White jacket Jan Quammie Madelynn Furlong Loulou de Saisson with Loewe bag Candice Stwart with Chloe bag Camila Coelho Tiffany Hsu Christine Centenerra Veronika Heilbrunner Pernille Teisbaek Loulou de Saisson Chloe King Caroline de Maigret Aemelia Madden Gabriella Karefa-Johnson in Kenzo Yoyo Kulala Leonie Hanne Sofia Sanchez de Betak in Dior Adesuwa Dior coat and bag Cara Delevingne in Dior Dior bag Dior outfit Brittany Xavier in Dior Eva Herzigova Charlotte Groenveld in Dior Aimee Song in Dior Leonie Hanne in Dior Jeanne Damas Miguel Enamorado Binx Walton Kitty Cash in Dior Caro Daur in Dior Alyssa Coscarelli  Aemilia Madden in Prada
 Your complete guide to the new angels.  It's that time of year again! Victoria's Secret Fashion Show castings are complete, and while the location has yet to be announced—all the lucky girls are taking to social media to announce their spot on the runway come November. We know we can expect the 14 Angels: Adriana, Alessandra, Candice, Behati, Lily, Elsa, Josephine, Sara, Martha, Stella, Lais, Jasmine, Romee and Taylor to claim their rightful spots—below see the returning girls and newcomers to the VS Fashion Show... Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer Newcomer
 Find the latest interviews and news about the fashion industry's most wanted designers. An exec from the company confirmed the news.   “What is time?” is officially the new “what is camp?” It truly is the end of an era. The mother-daughter duo posed for Fendi.  Meet Nodaleto. And shop it here, of course. Louis Vuitton's artistic director speaks out after the president visited a new Louis Vuitton factory. Alfeya Valrina's mini bags are about to take over.  We rounded up our favorite looks from New York, London, Milan, and Paris Spring 2020. This runway show was simply mesmerizing.   Expect to see the duo's work on the runways of Paris Fashion Week. Tracking all the top fashion ads of the upcoming season. Tracking all the top fashion ads of the upcoming season. The creative director announces his plans to exit the streetwear brand he cofounded.  The Official Preppy Handbook author Lisa Birnbach reflects on Celine’s fall collection. She famously made the former First Lady's 2009 inauguration day outfit. Pierpaolo Piccioli, the great thinker behind the Roman fashion house, looks to sculpture to inform his beautifully poetic vision.  Rag & Bone and Prabal Gurung won't show at Hudson Yards following developer Stephen Ross's Trump fundraiser. The supermodel was spotted wearing a set from Fall Risk’s Volume 3 ahead of its drop. Rising rent and falling visitor numbers have led to the iconic store's demise “Fashion is very popular, so it can help broadcast a message and reach a new generation.” Hint: it came with a statement-making bow.  We'd like one of everything, please and thank you. And people are furious.  The pop princess shows off MCM styles the Billie Eilish way.  
 See the top runway styles from London town.  Riccardo Tisci continues to mine Burberry's archives to help inform his new era of Burberry. This season's collection theme was "evolution," as Tisci works to evolve the original codes of the house of Burberry. For Spring 2020, Tisci presented his refined and relaxed side of Burberry again. Monochrome suiting in grey and beige,  and reconstructed trench coats led into gingham mini's, corsets and contrast print two-pieces. Evening wear veered on bridal (if you're a very cool bride) with a handstitched ostrich feathered frock, and a crystal mesh gown with feathered train.  This season Rocha paid homage to her Irish roots, feeling inspired by the Irish Wren Boys who traditionally hunted the Wren on St. Stephen's day. Rocha set the stage inside the recently restored Victorian theater Alexandra Palace. For spring, her organza's were embroidered with Anglaise daises and Mulberry berries, there were layered feather dresses. along with hand-macrame hay and raffia harnesses, in Rocha's signature exaggerated silhouettes. The designer also casted an array of Irish characters including actresses Olwen Fourere, Jessie Buckley, Simone Kirby, and Valene Kane just to name a few.  For Spring, Victoria Beckham gave us workwear and party wear inspired by the '70s. For the office, tailored suiting in mainly neturals, or contrasting gingham dominated the collection. For evening, she turned up the color and the volume with A-line dresses in green and purple. 
 The models reflect on the importance of this year's all-black Pirelli calendar.  For the third year in a row, the Pirelli calendar traded in its formerly sexed-up images for a more meaningful, in-depth project. The 2018 calendar, photographed by Tim Walker, showcases an all-black cast of entertainers and models in an Alice in Wonderland-themed shoot, marking the first time since 1987 that the calendar featured exclusively black talent.  The star-studded cast includes Whoopi Goldberg, Lupita Nyong'o, Naomi Campbell, Sean "Diddy" Combs, RuPaul, Dijmon Hounsou, Adwoa Aboah, Slick Woods, and more. Starring front and center, however, are some of the fresher faces of the group—Duckie Thot, who stars as Alice, and Thando Hopa, who appears alongside Whoopi Goldberg as The Princess of Hearts. Thot, who grew up in Australia, and Hopa, a black albino woman from South Africa, each had her own unique experience breaking into the fashion world—and each has some ideas about how the industry can become a better place for women of color. In a candid conversation about race, diversity, and the hurdles fashion still has to overcome, Thot and Hopa discuss the impact of this year's Pirelli calendar with BAZAAR.com.  Harper's BAZAAR: As black women, what does an all-black Pirelli calendar mean to you? Duckie Thot: For me, it’s such a dream come true. I’ve always wanted to work with black people in fashion. Y0u don’t get that every day. Sometimes when I’m on set and I see more than one black person I get a little excited, but to see everyone black on set was a very special moment for me. Honestly, in this industry, it’s not really explored or acted upon to have all-black talent.  Thando Hopa: I appreciated the fact that there was so many walks of blackness that were represented. Not just in terms of shades, but in terms of straight hair, natural hair, dreads, and different experiences of blackness. Different representations were there. I think diversity doesn’t only mean diversity in terms of races; it means within blackness there’s diversity, and I think that really came out in this. I really appreciated that.  DT: I love that you said that because a lot of the time, even in black communities, people don’t understand that there is diversity in black culture. I’m a black woman but I’m born and raised in Australia and that’s a whole different experience that many people have not come across. So once you put all of us in a room—all from different countries, all raised different places, we’re all different shades, we all have different experiences as black people—to be able to bring that together and actually share our own experiences with each other and with the world is very important.  "Diversity doesn’t only mean diversity in terms of races, it means within blackness there’s diversity." —Thando Hopa HB: Can you talk about working with such a star-studded cast? TH: It was surreal working with people who I could only reach from TV screens or pages of magazines before. What I’m about to say is a little underwhelming, but when you’re actually face to face with these people you realize how people are just... people. For me, what was really incredible was carrying the presence of what everyone on set has done and consolidating all that into one message. When you have those people who have done incredible things, they allow you to expand on that message because of their presence.  DT: I was just speechless. I think every time someone tries to ask me what it’s like or how I felt, I still don’t know the right answer. I can’t explain what it was like working alongside these people because like… Whoopi Goldberg! I loved her when I was five years old. I loved watching Sister Act. These are people that I’ve looked up to for a very long time and like Thando said, when they’re in front of you, you realize they are all just people. For me, you know Djimon [Hounsou], I love him, he’s such a great actor. He was someone I almost couldn’t control myself around. I was like, "Oh my gosh, you are so great!" He’s so cool, calm, and collected. He’s touched me and to be able to work with him is such an honor.  HB: Did you have any other starstruck moments while shooting this? TH: I have to be a little honest with you, I think everybody had an incredible presence, but I particularly connected with Whoopi. As a young woman who didn’t have an image that was conventional, I really respected and admired how she was so bold about not having a conventional image with regards to beauty, and how she was absolutely unapologetic about it. She embraced it. For me, she kind of became a particular archetype and I told her that. It was important for me to tell her that. I cannot take away the brilliance, the importance, and the magnitude of everybody there, but in terms of connection, Whoopi is the person I connected with most.  DT: I mean, it was everyone. That’s why this is so beautiful, everyone was hand-picked for their own reason and had their own special element. Everyone is so different in their own way and it is so great to be able to say I worked alongside them. Tim really made us all feel so comfortable with each other. It was such a natural environment. It was a one-in-a-billion experience. I know I’m always going to look back and think about that shoot over the four days we experienced it. We all got very close. It may have just been four days, but Thando and I were speaking on some heavy topics after shooting. It was being able to take what we were given on set and bringing it out in the real world. That for me is very memorable in itself.  “I want inclusivity to be normal. It’s not just in fashion, it’s being able to see representation of myself in general." —Duckie Thot HB: What changes are you hoping to see in the fashion industry in terms of inclusivity and diversity?  DT: I want it to be normal. Growing up in Australia, I didn’t understand why I didn’t see a reflection of myself in anything—not even on a book cover or a magazine cover. It’s not just in fashion, it's being able to see representation of myself in general. As a child, you need that. It determines quite a lot growing up. When you don’t see yourself, it’s almost like a piece of a puzzle is missing and you don’t understand why. I was born and raised in Australia and it was quite difficult for me. I never saw representation of myself and I always felt odd. One day I want a black girl in Australia to look at a magazine and be like, “Oh!”  I still remember the day I decided I wanted to [model]. I was walking in a shopping center in Australia. I think I was 12—that was when I really wanted to be in fashion. I was in one of the biggest shopping centers in Melbourne, it has maybe four or five levels, and I went around the WHOLE thing looking for a woman that looked like me and I did not find a single woman. It made me feel like there was some sort of responsibility I had to take and something that I had to do. Even though I was young at the time, I knew it wasn’t normal and I knew there was something that didn’t feel right. It’s understanding that there is a problem—and it’s not just in Australia, don’t think that at all. Diversity is a worldwide issue and it’s something that the world does not want to accept. Until we start taking responsibility for it, taking charging of it, and start doing things like this [the all-black Pirelli calendar], it’s not going to change. I think we took a massive step forward with the Pirelli calendar.    TH: In terms of looking different, I completely understand that. I mean, I look different from my parents and my sister. I did not look like anybody around me. Your parents will try to instill a sense of self-esteem into you and it’s limited because what you’re looking at in terms of television and magazines. That can make a sense of inadequacy sneak in even when you don’t realize it. It’s in your subconscious if you don’t look a particular way. We say "this is beautiful" and this image does not look like you. Then what happens is that you start feeling the pressure to look more like that image, that image that they say is beautiful. You start doing everything possible to conform to that image, because yours isn’t represented, therefore yours isn’t good enough.  I decided to start modeling when I was older. I was 23. I was already a prosecutor, so when I got scouted, I said, "Look, I’ll only work on projects that are impact-driven, that can bring about a change in terms of perceptions of beauty." In terms of fashion in particular, and everything that we’re trying to do, I’d really like for fashion to get to a point where just because something isn’t sufficiently represented, it’s considered a "trend." So, "This thing is being represented and it wasn’t being represented before, so it must be a trend!" That diminishes the importance of what that is. That’s my issue. I think that kind of narrative needs to change. DT: One thousand percent! I’ve experienced that and it’s so crazy. I remember we were shooting a few weeks ago and someone was like, “You’re doing a lot of work now, black is cool now!” And I was like, "Your mind is totally not in tune. You just don’t get it!" I didn’t even know how to respond to that because you can’t see past the trend. It was very difficult for me to even react to that because I was like, I can tell you so much, but how far am I even going to get with you? That mentality, especially with people in the fashion industry, needs to change. We’re here to stay. It’s not a trend. People are not a trend.  TH: The issue I have with that kind of narrative is that it’s almost saying “you’re not supposed to be here, so you’re just going to be there for a short time because you’re not the standard and you’re not it.” That’s my issue with saying something is a “trend,” simply because it hasn't been represented in the media before. For you to start calling an image that people have in their every day life "a trend" only because of [it] being celebrated, then you’re saying, "There’s a standard and you’re not it.” See more of the 2018 Pirelli calendar here. 
 Ballet stars Misty Copeland, Isabella Boylston, and Tiler Peck slip into prefall’s dance-inspired fashion to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the classic film. It’s been 70 years since the premiere of The Red Shoes, the definitive dance film about ballet as obsession that follows a vivid trifecta of characters: a ballerina on the rise, an ambitious young composer, and an impresario, modeled after Ballets Russes founder Sergei Diaghilev, who stops at nothing to get his way. As for realism, does that even matter? In The Red Shoes, we are allowed, as the director Martin Scorsese has said, “to witness an impression of a world,” if not the world itself. And as for obsessions, the film has long been one of Scorsese’s own. Written, directed, and produced by Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger (known as the Archers), The Red Shoes won Oscars for art direction and original score. The film is a saturation of Technicolor, which in its most fantastical moments makes it seem as if the action could bleed out of the frame. It’s not just the vibrancy of the colors but the collective palette. Pause the screen, and there you have it: an instant painting.  The Red Shoes tells the story of a dancer, Vicky Page (played by the British ballerina Moira Shearer in her acting debut), who joins a ballet company run by the intense taskmaster Boris Lermontov (Anton Walbrook). She’s caught between two worlds and two desires: dance and love. Against Lermontov’s wishes, she falls for composer Julian Craster (Marius Goring), who has been commissioned by Lermontov to write the score for The Red Shoes, a ballet based on the Hans Christian Andersen fairy tale that Vicky is to star in. In it—a fantastical, 15-minute set piece within the film—a young woman is offered a pair of ruby-red pointe shoes by a demonic shoemaker. She jumps right into the shoes and begins a gleeful dance through other realms. But she soon discovers that they possess her body: Her feet can’t stop, and in the end, the situation turns tragic, just as it does, in life, for Vicky.  Despite its over-the-top drama, the film delivers a surprisingly authentic portrayal of the ballet ethos. It has long been a favorite of Misty Copeland, the celebrated American Ballet Theatre principal dancer. “Watching The Red Shoes is like watching a ballet,” she says. “Just like Swan Lake, it has stood the test of time. You don’t look at it and think, ‘Oh, this was filmed in a certain time.’ It’s like experiencing a live performance.”  In the portraits on these pages, three prized American ballerinas—Copeland is joined by fellow ABT principal Isabella Boylston and New York City Ballet principal Tiler Peck—pay homage to the film in some of prefall’s red shoes and balletic dresses. Copeland, the first female African-American principal at ABT, is revered for her gifts as a dramatic ballerina; Boylston, who hails from Sun Valley, Idaho, brings a free-spirited joy to her invincible technique; and Peck, a California transplant who is as suited to works choreographed by George Balanchine as she is to those by Jerome Robbins, imbues her roles with natural theatricality. All three are performing with their respective companies at Lincoln Center this month. "It’s not just the vibrancy of the colors but the collective palette. Pause the screen, and there you have it: an instant painting."  Many dancers—especially women—recognize Vicky’s plight and the worlds she’s torn between. “When I was younger there were things in my home life that were difficult, so dancing was definitely my refuge,” says Boylston. “I just knew that I always had to dance one way or another.” For dancers, that’s a universal sentiment: When the impresario Lermontov asks Vicky why she wants to dance, she answers with a question: “Why do you want to live?” Shearer may have been convincing as an actress in the film—her performance is actually the most understated of them all—but she was first and foremost a dancer. When she delivers a line like that, we believe her conviction, her devotion. But something else is missing—and mercifully so. Part of the allure of The Red Shoes is Shearer: Ballet royalty, she exudes a quality that somehow magnifies Vicky’s grit and her vulnerability at once. Both qualities are inherent in a ballerina. It’s a hard, even brutal, existence; Boylston calls herself lucky for never having been sidelined for an extended period with an injury. “But I’m always dancing with an injury,” she says. “I can’t remember ever dancing without pain since I was a kid.” Earlier this year, Boylston was featured as Jennifer Lawrence’s dance double in the Francis Lawrence–directed film Red Sparrow, a gritty thriller about a Bolshoi prima ballerina turned spy. The opening ballet, inspired by The Firebird, was created by New York City Ballet’s resident choreographer, Justin Peck (no relation to Tiler). Most important, Boylston wanted to work with him on a film. “Ultimately I thought it would be such a unique and cool experience that I should just seize the opportunity, and I’m really glad I did,” she says. “It was a chance to work with Justin and Jennifer and Francis, and to be on a set and see how it works, and also to share my dancing with a wider audience.”  Boylston says she believes the torture scenes in Red Sparrow are true to life. “A ballerina has endured so much pain, she’d be able to endure torture,” she explains. “Maybe that’s a bad comparison. But I feel like the toughness you need to be a ballerina at the top of your game would probably serve you really well as a spy.”  Discipline is another integral ingredient for a dancer, as one telling scene in The Red Shoes reveals. The morning after the premiere of the title ballet, Vicky prepares for her daily ritual: ballet class. The first to arrive at the studio, she stands at the barre in a button-down shirt tied in a knot above the waist and high-cut black briefs. After her triumph, she has rolled up her sleeves; she’s ready to work. Then and now, a dancer can’t afford to miss a day. “You can’t really have a normal life,” says Tiler Peck. “I try to have as healthy a balance as possible, but your career is so short that if you don’t put it toward the front it could slip away from you. We finish our shows, and, yeah, we want to go out and have fun and meet people, but all we do is go home and take care of our bodies so we can perform at the highest level the next day.” "She jumps right into the shoes and begins a gleeful dance through other realms." But the women say that their sacrifices are well worth it. “The older I get, the more I realize how vital ballet has been in shaping who I am,” says Copeland. “I can’t do this forever. And I feel like I’ll have plenty of time to sleep in and travel and have amazing dinners out.” The Red Shoes is glittering, but it also shows that ballet isn’t all about glamour. In studio scenes, Vicky breaks into a sweat during rehearsals. Her curls turn frizzy. She doesn’t hide the exertion of trying to get a step right, and while she’s as finely boned as they come, with porcelain, almost translucent, skin, she’s neither fragile nor a waif. This is a woman choosing between art and love, and the clock is ticking. It was partly for that reason that Shearer was reluctant to play Vicky in the first place. As iconic as her performance was—those red shoes, that red hair, the gowns, and, above all, her impeccable dancing—it took some convincing to sign the 21-year-old Sadler’s Wells ballerina. She didn’t want to interrupt her dance career.  But while the film made Shearer a legend, it’s her dancing that has allowed The Red Shoes to last. As soon as the ballet begins, the audience disappears, and the dancer’s perspective takes over. As the action leaves the proscenium and enters other realms, we experience Vicky’s journey viscerally: What is she feeling in her body? How does motion merge with feeling? It’s like being invited into the sacred space of a ballerina. “We’re very sensitive people,” Copeland says. “There’s such a fine line between being vulnerable onstage and not being too hard on ourselves. Maybe back then, dancers didn’t really have a grasp on that. It was like you gave everything to the art. You left it out on the stage.” This article originally appears in the May 2018 issue of Harper's Bazaar, available on newsstands April 24. 
 Sometimes the clichés are clichés for a very chic reason… Not every blogger or model this side of the Seine is all Jane Birkin inspiration, all the time. See how modern Parisians are reconfiguring and redefining what that effortless style synonymous with the City of Lights means—and shop the looks, bien sur. Fatou N'diaye has us wanting party trousers and shoulder-grazing tassel earrings.  Oscar de la Renta earrings, $465, bergdorfgoodman.com. SHOP Jeanne Damas keeps that early Jane Birkin magic alive in a printed mini dress and gold pendant necklace—bangs sold separately. Iro dress, $430, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Marta Cygan does Parisian gardens in an oversized trench with fetching plaid detail.  Burberry trench coat, $2,395, burberry.com. SHOP Camille Charrière reminds us to never lose sight of the power of great white jeans paired with loafers.  Levi's white jeans, $98, shopbop.com. SHOP Camille Rowe is proof that if you look up insouciant in the dictionary a photo of mussed hair, a black suit and cowboy boots might just be there.  Frame jacket, $550, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Sabina Socol is sticking to the chic French basics in a great knit, easy denim and a camel coat. Stella McCartney coat, $1,415, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Anne-Victoire Lefevre embraces the velvet life—paired with wide whale corduroy for even more chic texture. Ulla Johnson top, $380, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A girl can never go wrong in an oversized menswear-inspired blazer, as illustrated by Kristi Gogsadze, posing in Paris. Acne Studios jacket, $1,000, matchesfashion.com. SHOP María Bernad debunks the idea that all Parisian style boils down to black, white and neutrals—in pink plaid. I.am.gia pink pants, $78,iamgia.com. SHOP Didi Stone Olomidé is effortlessly beautiful in all-noir, and a major faux fur. House of Fluff jacket, $390, houseoffluff.com. SHOP Loulou De Saison is bringing back white tights—but it's her patent leather mini that has us adding to our shopping lists.  H&M; patent leather mini skirt, $13, hm.com. SHOP
 These aren't regular grandpa sneakers, they're cool grandpa sneakers.  Sneakers are no longer just for your hectic commute, and hiding under your desk as you slip into teetering pumps. Today's iterations are brighter, bolder, and can be worn proudly with anything from your favorite sundress to jeans and your favorite hoodie.  While yes they might slightly resemble something your dad or grandfather wore, they're actually much much cooler thanks to designers like Balenciaga and Givenchy. Click through to shop the best of the season.  The top model adds designer to her name one more time with these athletic kicks. Balenciaga helped put dad sneakers on the map.  Never underestimate the power of clean white kicks. When pure white sneakers feel too risky, try these.  A slip on that still feels sleek and sporty.  Take a walk on the wild side in leopard-print kicks.  When you want to keep it girly.  When you can't just choose one color.  An all-white sneaker with a twist.    Candy-colored will catch the eye of any sneaker-
 Who said gym bags have to be unsightly? These are the best gym bags for women on the go.  Booked and busy? Same. Commuting from work to pilates and back home again can be daunting when the thought of lugging a cumbersome, bulky duffle bag through the city pops into mind. So, shouldn't your gym bag be as elevated as you are? In order to effortlessly transport your leggings, running shoes, and barre socks from the rowing machine to your desk, you're going to need a gym bag just as functional as it is polished.  Ahead, 15 reasons to get back into the gym in the form of gym bags that won't mar your style. Caraa's Nimbus tote is made of waterproof nylon and contains more than enough space for discarded jeans, water bottles, and several different pairs of yoga legging options. Plus, this color is everything.  Leave it to Stella McCartney to craft the ultimate lightweight backpack. Perfect for gym goers and just stylish enough for the sartorial set, this easy backpack is made from shell with the labels logo at the front.  With utilitarian and functional silhouettes at the forefront of every collection, Kassl Editions' two-toned canvas tote is both durable and elevated. Ideal for traveling and hitting the gym, you'll be able to store all your essentials within.  Don't mind us; we're still obsessing over leopard. This printed, ruffled-trim tote is ideal for a gym bag.  If you're looking for a new backpack that can store your filtered water and concealer, opt for Sweaty Betty's version. Made in a quilted black, it'll look sleek even after your morning jog is over.  Fit for both weekend trips and early morning sweat sessions, this Rains gym duffle is crafted from a waterproof, matte fabric that'll look sleek slung over your shoulder.  What's cooler than a convertible backpack? Well, this water resistant one that works as both a commuter bag and a gym bag.  Designed with functionality in mind, MZ Wallace's shell tote is durable enough for both your commute and after-work pilates routine. It's made from soft shell that can be folded after use.  Who said sweating can't be a style moment? Dries Van Noten thinks otherwise with this chic, sateen quilted number. All eyes will be on you as you strut into your personal Equinox session.  With red, white and blue handles, the Upside's neoprene tote is anything but boring. The inside features plenty of pockets to store smaller essentials, while the oversized silhouette makes it easy to pack away sneakers and makeup bags.  For the minimalista, look to Herschel Supply Co. Because of its soft shoulder straps, it won't hurt lugging your gear to and from your spin class.  You need a cute gym bag to hold all of your essentials, so why not make it a little fun? This whimsical duffle is reminiscent of a cheerleader's practice bag. Embrace your inner Cady Heron.  This bucket bag is both ideal for everyday use and weekly training appointments. It's made from glossy, lightweight fabrics that'll adorn any workout set you're sporting that day.  Set aside that abused and overworn tote bag you've been using since that work event (from your previous job) in favor of something a little more luxurious.  Easy to carry and elevated in design, this super soft and glossy duffle bag is perfect for the gym. There are multiple pockets inside and out, so feel free to store all your quick fix essentials. 
 See the winning editorial of high-drama outerwear shot in Canadian ice caves.   Bazaar's Editor-in-Chief reminisces on her relationship with the late fashion photographer.   Lindbergh was behind the lens of some of fashion's most legendary imagery. His work with '90s supermodels changed the course of fashion photography forever.  We're celebrating fashionable busts—whether big or small—from the pages of BAZAAR. A look back at the designer's photography for the magazine.  Move over summer and fall, we're ready for cozy coats and fireside chats... She adds model and designer to her resume.  The 21-year-old face of Dior opens up in a candid interview with her fellow-supermodel sister.  The definitive dance film became a staple in the ballet world.  The French editor highlights the season's most breathtaking beauty looks with the latest fashion.  A fresh-faced cast wears Spring 2018’s most directional pieces: the first looks from every designer.  See the full campaign here. The allegations stretch back to 1982.  The famed photographer has denied the allegations made against him. Several male models have claimed they were sexually exploited by the photographers. Cara Delevingne shows us another side of Kendall Jenner, the world’s most in-demand supermodel.  Rethink your holiday dress code. Stella Maxwell explores a not-too-distant future filled with space-age silhouettes, high-tech metallics, and delivery drones. The past and future collide at Paris couture.  You'll want to chase Chanel's waterfalls.  It's a pioneering move. We took the most out-of-the-box looks from New York's Spring 2018 runways to the streets. Bazaar’s attitude toward the fashion and culture of the 1980s was simple: “More is more.” 
 Time is on your side, thanks to Audemars Piguet’s new Millenary Frosted Gold Philosophique watch. Though it’s easy enough to steal a glance at one of the all too many phones, pads, and computers surrounding us these days, wouldn’t you rather stay on schedule in style (and sans screen)?  Enter Audemars Piguet’s just-released New Millenary Frosted Gold Philosophique. The tantalizing timepiece has been micro-hammered and hand-finished by Audemars Piguet’s craftsmen at the manufacturer's headquarters nestled in the heart of the Swiss Jura. It’s in this idyllic locale that the Dutch influencer, Anouk Yve, spent a blissful day. A worthwhile investment needs to outlast any fleeting item du jour—and what’s more timeless than an expertly executed watch? Consider this 18-carat masterpiece a future heirloom to have and to hold now and down the line. The wristwatch is equipped with just a single sand-blasted hour hand to  encourage you to let go of the minutiae (and minutes) of your day-to-day. Here, see Yve set her own leisurely pace to indulge in the finer things in life, like fresh-out-of-the-oven pastries and a spot in the sun.  
  Paired with elevated essentials (a breezy button-down; the perfect camel-colored trousers; a pair of classic sunglasses), the chic watch will get you from point A to B on time and in tip-top form.  Take your pick from an 18-carat pink gold face finished with brown alligator straps, or perhaps you’d prefer it in white gold flanked by midnight-hued leather. Regardless of your personal style, the Philosophique will elevate your look.  Forget fingers stacked with precious stones and armfuls of embellished bangles. Finished with a sapphire cabochon and diamond-dust effect, this non-pareil accessory renders everything else slightly superfluous, while a crystal clear caseback flaunting the watch's colored plates of the oscillating weight—watch the ultra sophisticated statement piece hard at work.  A perfect piece, for the perfect day.   
 These are the timepieces you should expect to covet next season. Marion Fasel is the founder and editorial director of The Adventurine, an online magazine which covers every facet of fine jewelry. From emerging designers to historical treasures, the latest red carpet trends, the best bridal baubles and engagement rings, it can all be found on her glamorous and dynamic site. An author of several acclaimed books on twentieth century jewelry and a savvy trend forecaster, Fasel shares her unique expertise in jewelry with BAZAAR.com. Basel: it’s like Fashion Week–for watches. Baselworld is the largest watch show on the planet. The press, retailers and watch fans descend on the small city of Basel, Switzerland to preview the greatest new timepieces. If the name of the location sounds familiar, it is probably because it is the place where the famous Art Basel Fair originated. And speaking of artistry, there was a lot to get excited about in ladies’ timepieces. See the best of Basel below.  Pretty on the inside, skeleton watches show off all the wheels and gears and represent the height of horology. In other words, they might remind you of the acrylic trend that is sweeping through accessories, but to make one of these beauties requires serious watchmaking talent. Pictured: Chanel Boyfriend Skeletal, chanel.com. Pictured: Bulgari Lucea Skeleton, bulgari.com. Pictured: DeGrisorgono New Retro Double Power Reserve, degrisorgono.com. This season, watch makers made it possible to wrap up your wrist with extra-long straps. Some designs go twice around. Others extend to a triple wrap. For the fashion risk-taker, there are even quadruple wrap straps. Pictured: Chanel Première Rock, chanel.com. Pictured: Bulgari Serpenti Twist Your Time, bulgari.com. Pictured: Harry Winston Emerald Collection, harrywinston.com. Sweet as can be, the candy color gems on these watches are guaranteed to brighten up any outfit–not to mention your mood– when you check the time.  Pictured: Rolex Oyster Perpetual Cosmograph Daytona, rolex.com. Pictured: Chopard Happy Sport Oval, chopard.com. Pictured: Harry Winston Premier Candy Automatic, harrywinston.com. Classic boyfriend watches have been given a feminine twist. And, this time, the clean lines are lit with diamonds and crystals. Pictured: Swarovski Octea Luxe, swarovski.com. Pictured: Omega Trésor, omegawatches.com. Pictured: Tag Heuer Formula 1, tagheuer.com. A gold watch is a rite of passage piece in any accessories collection. Now, there are all kinds of dynamic gold watch designs to make sure your piece of a lifetime is absolutely individual. Pictured: Gucci Dionysus Watch, gucci.com. Pictured: Chopard Happy Palm, chopard.com. Pictured: Bulgari Serpenti Tubogas, bulgari.com.
 The busiest man in fashion ponders the meaning of artist Takashi Murakami’s latest creation. I love Murakami’s octopus character, Taco 7, because it’s just so funny. Although I’ve never actually met Takashi, I think he’s a wonderful artist. And if he’s anything like what he expresses in his art, I’m sure we would get along.  But am I like his octopus that eats its own leg in order to survive? In some ways, I guess. I have survived in the world pretty well, but that is mostly because I’m lucky. I have lifelong contracts at two billion-dollar companies, Fendi and Chanel, which gives me a level of freedom that—let’s be honest—nobody else in fashion really has.  So I don’t have any sort of feeling that I need to survive; I don’t feel like life is a struggle.And who wants to hear about other people’s suffering anyway? If a designer suffers or not is nobody else’s business.We make fashion—some-thing that’s supposed to make people happy. We’re not selling our problems or our personal dramas.  I’m often asked how I do what I do—how I juggle so many things at the same time, like an octopus—but it’s totally normal to me. In fact, I think maybe it’s other people who have the problem. Designers today, they get big very quickly, and then their heads get big too. Suddenly, they think they’re more important than their label, and that is just not true. I’ve always known that I am me, and that Fendi is Fendi, that Chanel is Chanel. And so I’m very much against this trend of designers putting their names next to their labels. You know,“this and this for that and that.” I don’t have to put my name next to Fendi or Chanel. If a collection is good, people will know who made it.  And if it’s not so good? Maybe it’s better that they don’t know. People should really think about these things.  Of course, I don’t have tentacles like an octopus, but if I did they would be my teams. I’m very nice to people I work with, which—especially in fashion—is not always the case. But I can’t do what I do alone, and I need something from everybody. The only thing I know how to do is sketch and come up with a few ideas, but for the rest of it, I need help. Thankfully, I’m lucky to have the best—nobody really leaves, and the two or three people that have tried have all come back. Most of them have never worked for anyone else:They started with me when they were 18, and now they’re 50. It’s quite funny how that happens. So my teams are very precious, like family.  "To me, freedom is the pinnacle of luxury." Admittedly, it probably doesn’t hurt that I’m very much into paying people well and hate people who don’t. I want everyone who works for me to have a nice, beautiful life, and—sorry!—a nice beautiful life is expensive. There might be a song that says, “The best things in life are free,” but no. No, they are not. At Chanel I have a girl who has worked with me for nearly 30 years who is the go between with all the ateliers and the people who make embroidery. She is a huge help, and I have someone similar in every department—for the handbags, the shoes, the jewelry, the leather, the jeans, all of it. I mostly work with girls, and if I’m not doing too many men’s collections, I prefer to have girls around me. I don’t know why that is, but it is. It would be too easy for me to be mean and talk badly to my employees. I wouldnever do that because it’s boring. In any case, I don’t ever have to get angry because they do things exactly the way I think they should be done. We’re all on the same wavelength.  Another way I am perhaps like an octopus is that I’m very curious. I want to knoweverything and see everything. The most important thing for me is having the freedomto explore ideas and try new things. I don’t even work for money anymore. To me, freedom is the pinnacle of luxury.  I’ve had enough houses in my life. The place where I live in Paris, for instance, isvery, very nice, but nobody ever comes here. Only Choupette, my famous cat, my private secretary, my personal maid, and my cook, who brings the food, which is made in a house next door. That’s it.  To maintain my freedom I have a very special way of working. When I wake upeach morning—after reading the newspapers, because one has to be informed—it’s up to me to decide when I sketch, when I don’t sketch, and what else I’m doing that day. Most days, I want to be alone. I’m a pretty good sketch artist, but on paper only, because I don’t use computers. In fact, I wanted to be an illustrator and a cartoonist when I was younger, which I still do once a month on my cartoon page in Germany’s biggest daily newspaper. My political ones are very mean. "The trick is to think beforehand about what you want to do, and how you want it to be done." A lot of my sketches go straight into the bin, but I think this is a healthy attitude to have. When I’m happy with one, I’ll have it sent to the studio so they can print it out and start working right away. I include all of the technical details so my team hardly ever has to ask me any questions. I’m also very quick. I’m not standing around for hours asking myself if a button is right or not, like some other people do to try and justify their big salaries. I couldn’t do what I do if I were slow. I’m a perfectionist, but that doesn’t mean I have to take 100 hours to do something.  The trick is to think beforehand about what you want to do, and how you want it to be done, and then I always remember the famous line by Lady Mendl, from when she was an interior designer. When she did the interiors of what is now the Frick Collection, she presented her proposal to Mr. Frick, who said, “Yes, it’s very good. I like it. Do you have another idea?” And she said, “No! There is no second option!” It’s up to me to think about things and then present the final option. Like the Frank Sinatra song, I do it my way. I do all my sketching at home because in the studio there’s too much going on—toomuch conversation, too many phone calls, too many people. I can’t concentrate. Athome, it’s just me and my sketch pad with Choupette sitting next to me. I don’t use references because it’s all in my mind. I have a very good visual memory—maybe even photographic. I think it’s sad when designers are too much into the past, or get stuck in their own archive. Your job is not to remind people what you did. What’s important is what you’re doing right now.  I don’t do meetings, and wouldn’t do them for anything in the world. I never have andnever will. I don’t do any marketing things either, other than photograph the campaigns. Nobody tells me what to do, really. It wasn’t always like this for me, of course, but that’s how it has developed over the years. Back in my Chloé days, the world was so different. I couldn’t have possibly worked this way 20 years ago. "If there is a secret to my success, it's that I have absolutely no problem with myself."  I wish I had some advice to give to the younger generation, but I don’t, other than to work hard and to find the right clients. Also, be careful not to overestimate yourself. Don’t think you’re more important than the brand. But everybody has to find his or her own way, and what works for me probably wouldn’t work for Alessandro Michele, who I think is great, or Jonathan Anderson.  If there is a secret to my success, it’s that I have absolutely no problem with myself. It’s almost like I have a kind of indifference as far as I’m concerned. I’m an expert at forgetting my problems, if that makes sense, and care more about other people’s. Who knows? Maybe I did once eat my own leg. There’s that wonderful Billie Holiday line,“It’s easy to remember but so hard to forget,” but for me, it’s reversed—things are hard to remember and easy to forget. It’s a very funny and very pleasant way to live.  Production: Céline Guillerm for octopix.fr.  This article originally appears in the November 2017 issue of Harper's Bazaar. 
 The star talks life on set and shows off her new summer collection.   Reese Witherspoon mixes southern charm and California cool in the new summer campaign for Draper James, her clothing and lifestyle brand.  Today, the 42-year-old actress, producer and fashion entrepreneur is dropping her label's summer collection campaign, and all the images are shot in Monterey, California, to mirror the now-iconic backdrop to her hit HBO series, Big Little Lies. Draper James Belted Gingham Shirtdress, $98, draperjames.com. SHOP Draper James Flutter Sleeve Button-Up, $78, draperjames.com. SHOP  Draper James White Crop Flare Denim, $168, draperjames.com. SHOP “For the Draper James Summer 18 shoot, we went behind the scenes in Monterey, where I’m currently filming," the actress explained to BAZAAR.com. "It was fun to merge my worlds together for a day and I’m excited to give you a sneak peek into my life as an actor, producer and founder and creative director of Draper James!” Draper James Gingham Classic Button Down, $88, draperjames.com. SHOP Draper James White Crop Flare Denim, $168, draperjames.com. SHOP Draper James Gingham Classic Button Down, $88, draperjames.com. SHOP Draper James White Crop Flare Denim, $168, draperjames.com. SHOP Draper James  Jack Rogers Pretty Please Sandal, $148, draperjames.com. SHOP In an accompanying interview for the shoot, Witherspoon talks about marrying her two passion projects, Draper James and Big Little Lies—while dropping a few hints about Season 2. Below, get the Q&A before it goes live on the Love, Reese blog today. In two words, how would you describe season 2 of Big Little Lies? "More lies!" Do you have any fun prep secrets or rituals before a big day of filming? "Before tough scenes, we have really fun dance parties in our trailers!" What excites you the most about being on set as a producer? "It’s an incredible feeling to work very hard to bring a production to the screen. Finding Big Little Lies as a book and then working to make it come to life has really been a dream come true. I also love getting to work with my cast and incredibly talented female costars." What's your favorite place in Monterey? "The beachfront is really beautiful. There is so much nature there, and it's really fun to watch the sea otters and the birds. It’s truly one of the most beautiful beaches." Draper James Sleeveless Tie Shirt Blouse, $58, draperjames.com. SHOP Draper James Freddie Fedora, $78, draperjames.com. SHOP Draper James Gingham Foldover Clutch, $98, draperjames.com. SHOP
 Hang these looks in the Louvre!!! Just days after Sasha Obama's high school graduation, the Obama family is celebrating with a well-dressed vacation through the South of France. And while it's no surprise the entire family is serving up some chic looks, it's Sasha and Malia who we're looking to for our Summer 2019 style inspiration.  While touring the Palais des Papes in Avignon on Father's Day, the Obama daughters each mastered the art of summer vacation style in their own ways. Sasha wore Reformation's snake-print slip dress, which she paired with white sneakers by Unif. Malia, meanwhile, went for a chic all-white look, styling a backless white halter top with white high-waisted pants, black lace-up sandals, and a red suede Mansur Gavriel bag for a pop of color.    Do you SEE these lewks?! Hang them in the Louvre, put them on the hundred dollar bill, in Sasha and Malia We Trust!!! Sasha's perfect summer outfit is still available to shop online—and her rose-adorned sneakers are also currently on sale.   After visiting some of Avignon's monuments during the day, the sisters transitioned their versatile outfits into the evening for a Father's Day dinner with the former President and First Lady at Michelin-starred restaurant La Mirande. Hopefully this isn't the last of the sisters' vacation style we're graced with during this family vacation. 
 Because collecting handbags is arguably an art form. Collecting handbags, when done well, can arguably be considered an art form. In homage to that, here are the 10 bags every woman should have in her closet— get your check list started. A sleek and simple black shoulder bag will always be your go-to. Chloe bag, $1,950, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A camel carryall will look polished no matter what.  Mark Cross bag, $1,195, farfetch.com. SHOP Zip-loc all of your belongings into a contemporary pouch that will compliment any on-the-go loo M2malletier bag, $1,550, farfetch.com. SHOP A chic bucket bag will take you through every Saturday morning activity: from brunching to boutique-ing. Mansur Gavriel bag, $495, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Accessories pack more of a punch through a Wes Anderson technicolor-lense. Simon Miller bag, $590, nordstrom.com. SHOP Every girl worth her salt needs an oversized bag that will take her from the runway show to a weekend get-away. Zanellato bag, $1,359, farfetch.com. Gain the golden-touch with a chic metallic bag that even King Midas would be jealous of. Jeffrey Levinson bag, $1,550, barneys.com. SHOP A hands-free night out on the town is optimal for more cocktails and photo ops. Tom Ford bag, $2,459, net-a-porter.com.  Proenza Schouler bag, $1,250, barneys.com. SHOP Give your grandmother's favorite pocketbook a mod update with out-of-the-box styling. Fendi bag, $2,300, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Take the meaning of "eye candy" to a whole new level. Gucci bag, $1,890, saks.com. SHOP Save these ideas for later by pinning this image and follow Harper's Bazaar on Pinterest for more fashion must-haves. 
 The combat trend is up to fifty percent off. Lug sole boots are cropping up as one of the biggest trends of the season (trust us, we asked the experts), but instead of reaching for classic Doc Martens or actual workwear brands, we're more inclined to buy designer duds. Those cult-worthy Bottega Veneta boots are still sold out everywhere, but we found some equally great options to sub-in for winter. From Valentino to The Row to Simon Miller, here are 12 pairs of combat boots that happen to be on major discount, courtesy of Net-A-Porter's massive sale. We know that it's the season of giving, but tell yourself that these shoes are practical and fifty percent off. You deserve it.  Originally $695 Originally $520 Originally $890 Originally $1,050 Originally $560 Originally $1,535 Originally $1,395 Originally $445 Originally $995 Originally $1,350 Originally $1,295 Originally $950 
From: ELLE US

 Say hello to the chicest vending machine we've ever seen. Tiffany & Co. just introduced a novel to shop their iconic items: a vending machine. Located in the brand's recently opened London store, Tiffany & Co.'s latest shopping innovation lets visitors to purchase the new Tiffany & Co. fragrance from a Tiffany blue vending machine.  The Tiffany Style Studio, which launched earlier this month in London's Covent Garden, was designed to be an innovative retail space that offers a unique shopping experience. "We’ve integrated uniquely playful displays that reflect the wit and humor of Tiffany design to create a one-of-a-kind, experiential destination," said Richard Moore, vice president, creative director of store design and creative visual merchandising at Tiffany & Co, according to Harper's Bazaar UK. The London store has Tiffany Blue wooden crates that display the brand's "Everyday Object" accessories. The location also has  a #MakeItTiffany personalization bar, which gives shoppers the chance to engrave symbols or monograms on select products. And you don't have to go across the pond to personalize your Tiffany items: there's a pop-up personalization space in Tiffany's Rockefeller Center location in New York, too.     The vending machine marks the latest innovation embraced by the storied brand. Earlier this year, Tiffany & Co. painted New York subway stations and taxis their signature shade of blue. The Insta-worthy occasion was created to celebrate the launch of Tiffany's new jewelry collection, Paper Flowers.  And last year, Tiffany opened their first ever dining concept in New York: the Tiffany Blue Box Café. Tiffany fans can now dine in the all-day café, which is very appropriately covered in Tiffany's iconic shade of blue. Plan your visit to Tiffany's Covent Garden Style studio here. 
From: Town & Country US

 Discover these rising fashion labels on the 'gram. Like most things in the year 2018, some of the best new fashion brands can be found on Instagram. After finding myself in a serious shopping rut recently, I finally discovered some new brands to inspire my nothing-to-wear mentality, thanks to my  habit of endlessly scrolling the 'gram.  From unique handmade blouses to matching two-piece sets and cool vintage finds, these digital-savvy brands have managed to gain traction thanks to word of mouth Instagram. While we all love our designer mainstays and budget-friendly buys from the likes of Topshop and Zara, the fashion set has been breathing some new life into their wardrobes with the help of these Instagram-based brands that are quietly, but quickly, taking over. Shop some of our favorites of the moment below.  Your one-stop shop for statement-making tops, this Australian-based brand was founded by two friends who wanted to create the perfect tops to be worn with jeans (hence the name, With Jéan). From ultra-romantic blouses to Insta-girl-approved crop tops, there's a reason this Insta-based brand has already caught the attention of influencers and models.  SHOP NOW This San Francisco-based e-tailer manages to put a fresh, playful, and truly unique twist on all the latest trends. Offering up the sweetest of Insta bait (in the best way possible), Lisa Says Gah's eye-catching color palettes and girly designs will have wanting to shop straight from the 'gram.  SHOP NOW Though Need Supply isn't a digital-only brand (they have a store location in Virginia), the retailer has gained traction thanks to Instagram. The brand offers a curated selection of a variety of different brands—all of which feel like fresh wardrobe staples to work into your closet.  SHOP NOW Thanks to the likes of the Man Repeller's Leandra Medine, Emily Ratajkowski, and more of your favorite influencers, this fully Instagram-based brand is quickly emerging as one to watch. Spearheaded by chic Parisian mother-daughter duo, Marie and Cléo Dewet, MaisonCléo features pieces that are all handmade by its founders in Paris. There's cropped ruffle blouses, puffed sleeves, and tie-up blouses that will take your wardrobe to the next level.  SHOP NOW This line of ultra-feminine blouses and dresses is about to be a new favorite amongst the fashion set. Aside from the distinct and beautiful pieces, what makes this Insta-savvy brand even cooler is the fact that every item is handmade-to-order by Olivia Rose herself.  SHOP NOW Despite having store locations in both New York and Paris, The Frankie Shop has largely gained popularity through Insta. The unique curation of pieces and brands makes for a much-welcomed alternative for those who are sick of shopping the Zara and Topshop's of the world.  SHOP NOW For all the petite ladies out there, this digital-only brand caters to all your outfit needs. Offering a range of sizes designed specifically for shorter women (so you can finally cut back on those trips to the tailor), Petite Studio has a range of cool-girl-approved pieces like coordinating crop top and skirt sets, dresses, culottes, and more standout items worth discovering.  SHOP NOW If you've ever wondered where all your favorite Insta girls score their amazing vintage designer finds, meet Lucia Zolea. The Instagram-based vintage shop features an incredible curation of cool vintage finds, from strappy Chanel and Christian Lacroix sandals to ethereal dresses that will have you standing out amongst the masses.  SHOP NOW Miista may not be an Insta-only brand (it's based out of East London), but its designs have recently emerged as the fashion set's must-have summer shoe, thanks to the love it's gotten on the 'gram. From woven raffia block heels to playful mules, the brand's hand-made in Spain shoes are worth checking out for yourself.  SHOP NOW From statement-making blouses to suiting separates and unexpected silhouettes, this Miami-based digital brand is a style staple for those who don't want to blend in.  SHOP NOW If you're sick of wearing the same Zara dress as everyone else, this emerging Insta-based brand is full of fun closet pieces that feel like one-of-a-kind. Whether you're on the hunt for fresh denim or jumpsuits and dresses, Half-Mad offers up a cool, distinctive take on all the above.  SHOP NOW
 The '70s-inspired collection is here to brighten up your winter wardrobe.  Coat season is upon us and just in time to brighten up your outerwear options, Diane von Furstenberg and Apparis joined forces for a collection of '70s-inspired faux fur coats.  The storied fashion house and rising vegan fur brand's first collaboration includes four coat styles—all of which fuse Apparis' classic styles with DVF's signature prints and colors. The end result? Bold, statement-making coats that won't make you dread bundling up this winter.  Offered in bright neon yellow, a colorful turquoise print, eggplant, and a neutral '70s print channeling DVF's founding decade, the collection's styles range from $345 - $470.  Along with many other leading fashion houses, Diane von Furstenberg announced it would officially be going fur free in 2018. That same year, Apparis launched its debut collection of cruelty-free, 100% vegan outerwear. And as many modern-day relationships, the two female-led brands first met on Instagram when DVF’s CEO, Sandra Campos, reached out to Apparis’ founder, Lauren Nouchi, via DM. The rest, as they say, is history.   "DVF’s core purpose is to support women and fortunately, the brand is able to have established a platform to do so across several channels including partnerships. As a fellow female-led and female-founded business, Apparis has made vegan products chic," a statement from the brand read. "DVF banned the use of real fur in our products, therefore finding Apparis’s ethically sourced, bold and colorful jackets was the perfect match for this collaboration."  Dropping today, the DVF x Apparis collection is now available to shop at dvf.com and apparis.com.  
 The Harlem couturier is the face of the luxury label's men's tailoring ads Fret not, fashion folk: all is well between Gucci and Dapper Dan! The Italian brand has just tapped the Harlem fashion icon for its men’s tailoring campaign. Dan (real name Daniel Day) made a name for himself in the 1980s for his made-to-order designs that often re-appropriated logos from famous fashion houses. One of his most iconic pieces—a jacket with oversized sleeves featuring the Louis Vuitton logo—was re-worked by Alessandro Michele for Gucci’s cruise 2018 collection with the interlocking Gucci logo. This set off a firestorm of debate in the fashion world as to whether or not Michele had copied Dan. But Michele insisted that it was an homage, and that he was a huge fan of Dapper Dan’s work. As such, he tapped the New Yorker to front the Glen Luchford-lensed ads, shot in Harlem. Dan is a great person to represent a men’s tailoring — “dapper” is his name, after all.  Furthermore, Dazed reports that Gucci and Dan are working together on a capsule collection that will hit stores in the spring, and that Dan has a new studio opening up utilizing raw materials from luxury brand. Of all the collaborations going on in fashion lately, this one might be the most exciting news yet. 
From: CR Fashion Book

 Get an inside look.  What's it like to be the Accessories Director of Harper's Bazaar at Fashion Week? Amanda Alagem takes us behind the scene, dashing from show to show, and appointments with top accessories designers—luckily, getting around in her Maserati car ensured she made it to everything on her schedule. From her Milanese outfits to previews of Spring 2018, click through for her fashion week diary.  The Spring shows are the best when there’s lingering summer sun. Landing in Milan to perfect weather, set the tone for a really upbeat and optimistic season. First show, Prada! Inside the Prada show I’m obsessed with all of the Prada comic book prints developed by famous comic artists from around the world. The views from the Rene Caovilla showroom in the center of the city are incredible – you can get 360 views of the entire city! I always look forward to the Fendi show. The Fendi finale! Everything popped thanks to the blue hair.  The Gucci Hub houses the most incredible showroom and offices. Visiting really gives you a glimpse into the eccentric and amazing Gucci world! I’m obsessed with all of the menswear inspired looks for the season and was so excited to have the chance to test it finally! During shows, my car becomes my office. I always have copies of the schedule, invitations, water, snacks, extra battery packs and cell phone chargers – everything I need to get me from 9 am – midnight! In the frenzy outside the shows, its easy to get lost. My driver made sure that did not happen to us! There's nothing like a classic patent pump. We knew we were in for something good when we found out the Versace show would be a tribute to Gianni.  The Versace show was a true fashion moment. The show celebrated the incredible life and talents of Gianni Versace, with a finale that played tribute to his legacy. Naomi, Christy, Cindy, Carla and Helena closed the show, as George Michael’s Freedom played. It was a moment I will never forget. A kitten heel is the only way to go when running between appointments in Milan. Love seeing Kendall Jenner on the runway. Etro’s gorgeous moodboards! Max Mara always has the best models. I love how Halima is smiling here. A turtleneck and jeans is always an easy go-to during fashion week. 
 Wait, what?!  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Bella Hadid is standing in an all-white space wearing nothing but a pair of black bike shoes, tonal crewneck T-shirt, and sneakers, all by Calvin Klein. As a deep blue filter fades into the screen, Bella tilts her head to the side, and an enigmatic shadow figure walks toward her. No, the other figure was not a recognizable CK face like male model Garrett Neff, nor was it a musician like A$AP Rocky and Shawn Mendes, both of whom are currently starring in the #MyCalvins campaign. Instead, it was Lil Miquela, an AI robot influencer.    Lil Miquela has an oddly large Instagram following (1.5 million), despite not actually being a human—which is likely how she finessed a fashion campaign that most real-life models could only dream of fronting.  As Hadid and the robot begin to full-on make out, the camera pulls back from their intimate moment while Hadid's voiceover says: "Life is about opening doors, creating new dreams, that you never knew could exist." Last week, the label released campaign videos and imagery featuring ten other influencers who embody the "I Speak My Truth in #MyCalvins" ethos of living a carefree and rebellious lifestyle. Amongst the roster is actor Noah Centino; rapper A$AP Rocky; model Kendall Jenner; musicians Shawn Mendes, Troye Sivan, Chika, and Billie Eilish; actors Indya Moore and Yoo Ah-In; and BROCKHAMPTON's Kevin Abstract. 
 The brand pulled out all the stops for its first Pre-Fall show.  On what would have been the late Gianni Versace's 72nd birthday, the Italian fashion house ventured across seas to New York for its first-ever Pre-Fall show.  Held at the American Stock Exchange Building, the runway was a conglomeration of New York-inspired looks doused with revivals of some of Versace's most iconic dresses.  Looking back to the Versace archives, Donatella reworked some of the brand's most famous '90s collections into new styles and silhouettes. Most notable amongst those was the Versace dress Jennifer Lopez wore to the 2000 Grammys. Serving as the grand finale to the Pre-Fall 2019 show, Versace reissued the iconic gown in a new heart pattern. The look was worn by Amber Valetta, who also modeled the original design on the runway back in 1999 before it was made famous by JLo.  But that wasn't the only iconic Versace dress to make a comeback during the show. The brand also revisited its memorable safety pin collection from Spring 1994, which gave us the iconic safety pin gown worn by Elizabeth Hurley on the red carpet that same year. Revisiting the famous style, Versace reimagined the dress in an updated one-sleeved style on the Pre-Fall '19 runway.   While the show was clearly a nod to the legacy and nostalgia of Versace's greatest moments, its New York location was also meant to be a celebration of freedom and empowerment, according to Donatella's Instagram. Aside from a few "I Love NY" T-shirts, this was also evident by the powerful finale which took place around a giant sculpture of the Statue of Liberty's torch.   What a finale! THANK YOU so much to all the people who contributed to yesterday’s show! #VersaceNY A post shared by  Donatella Versace (@donatella_versace) on Dec 3, 2018 at 6:18am PST And Gigi Hadid carrying a mini version of said torch, of course.  From Gigi’s fittings... Now that’s a statue of the liberty!! 😘❤️🗽@gigihadid #versaceny #gigihadid A post shared by  Donatella Versace (@donatella_versace) on Dec 3, 2018 at 8:06am PST Despite being held on a rainy Sunday night, the event delivered a star-studded front row filled with A-listers like Lupita Nyong'o, Ciara, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, and more. Leave it to Donatella to make the biggest of splashes with her first-ever New York fashion show.  
 The first launch includes pieces from Stella McCartney, Peony, Veja, and more. As the apparel industry has woken up to threats of climate change (and their part in the issue) several brands have taken major steps to reduce their impact on the environment. Today, luxury retailer Net-a-Porter has announced that they are joining the effort launching Net Sustain, a new vertical on the site that's a one-stop shop for shoppers who want to buy sustainably made products. Net Sustain is launching with 26 brands and over 500 product that "meet the business’ criteria for sustainability." The criteria ranges from "considered materials and processes to reducing waste in their supply chain, taking into account human, animal and environmental welfare and aligning with internationally recognized best practices in the fashion and beauty industries."  Sustainable brands launching within the Net Sustain group include exclusive capsule collections from Stella McCartney, Mother of Pearl x BBC Earth and Maggie Marilyn as well core products from the likes of Ninety Percent, Fisch, Lem Lem, Peony, Veja, Hereu, Nannacay, and Chopard.  "We have always wanted to provide our customer with the best products and allow them to make informed choices when shopping on the site," Elizabeth von der Goltz, Net-a-Porter's global buying director, said in a statement. "Our sustainable edit provides our customers with the knowledge they need, understanding that they can trust that these brands have been carefully reviewed and meet our criteria for inclusion. Our aim is to give a voice to the brands that are truly making positive changes by providing them with a platform to highlight their best practice.”  WELCOME TO #NETSUSTAIN: Our platform for considered, authentic and innovative brands, products and content – a celebration of creativity that's driven by a desire to make fashion more sustainable.  @motherofpearl focuses on traceability across their entire supply chain – designer @amy_powney is committed to sourcing more sustainable fibres for her collections. Head to Stories to learn more.  Shop the exclusive collection now at #NETAPORTER. A post shared by  NET-A-PORTER (@netaporter) on Jun 18, 2019 at 2:21am PDT Net-a-Porter is also making it easier for customers to find the aforementioned brands on the site by stamping each item with a badge and placing the brands in its own section on the website. Net Sustain plans to expand its pool of sustainable brands in the future with plans to add a beauty vertical in the next year.  
From: ELLE US

 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 Kendall, Bella, and Alessandra are taking notes from Aaliyah... There is hardly a '90s era trend that supermodels and Instagram stars aren't willing to co-opt. You can hardly go a day without seeing Bella Hadid in a bustier top and mom jeans that would have looked de rigueur on Cindy Crawford in '94. Or Kendall Jenner in a slip dress that would have caught 22-year old Kate Moss' eye.     While pastel Versace tees, plaid Clueless suits and I.AM.GIA cargo pants are all perfectly on-trend '90s throwbacks, they're all a rather expensive entree into stylish time travel. Enter: the ribbed white tee, the ideal way to allow you to look like a CK One model without sacrificing your 401K.  Au Revoir Paris ... A post shared by  Alessandra Ambrosio (@alessandraambrosio) on Oct 4, 2018 at 12:47pm PDT  The unofficial uniform of '90s hip hop artists and underage Calvin Klein models can be yours at a jaw-dropping $5 or less. Since there's basically nothing Aaliyah wore in '99 that we don't want to wear now, consider us on board. (Side note: have you seen that insanely good red bakerboy hat in the Rock the Boat video recently?, but we digress).  Bella and Kendall are wearing theirs with snakeskin pants, and light wash denim respectively. Alessandra Ambrosio is pairing hers with jeans and a Magda Butrym coat that would make the Spice Girls zigazig ah. And at only $5 a pop, it seems like a good idea to give yours a quick trim if you're in a belly-bearing mood. I made the investment recently and paired mine with a black Chloe suit to dress it down. It added a little edge to the horse-print in a way a white blouse could not and served as the perfect backdrop to my layered gold chains. I wore another one the next day that I had cut with jeans and an oversized Tibi blazer. Who doesn't love a versatile piece that comes in at less than your coconut milk cappuccino?
 The French designer created the iconic bandage dress. Hervé L. Leroux, creator of the bandage dress and founder of Hervé Leger, has passed away at 60 years old. The Fédération de la Haute Couture et de la Mode announced his death today.  The French fashion designer met Karl Lagerfeld in the early '80s, and worked as his assistant at Fendi and Chanel before launching Hervé Leger in 1985. It was here that he created the bandage dress, a bodycon silhouette that launched his brand into international fame, as models and celebrities sported the design through the '90s and 2000s. A 1993 runway review called the dresses Leroux's "specialty," describing them as as "elastic strips of fabric sewn together to make girdle-tight dresses" and even nicknamed them "the sexy mummy look." Even with his own label, Leroux still continued to work as a freelance designer for Lanvin and designed accessories for labels like Swarovski, according to his official bio. He also notably designed stage and ballet costumes through the '90s and made ready-to-wear, swimwear and hosiery for Wolford at the end of the decade. In 1999, BCBG Max Azria acquired the Hervé Leger brand and Leroux lost the commercial rights to his name. However, he continued designing dresses for celebrities like Cate Blanchett, Taylor Swift and Jessica Chastain.  His longtime client Dita Von Teese posted a heartfelt tribute to the designer on Instagram today. "He made the most exquisite dresses that showcased a woman’s beauty, rather than distracting from it," she wrote.  Very sad that we are forced to say farewell to the genius @hervelegerleroux. I’m so grateful to have called him my friend after being introduced as “the ultimate”  by @suzannevonaichinger and @alimahdaviparis. He made the most exquisite dresses that showcased a woman’s beauty, rather than distracting from it. I’ll always treasure my afternoons in his atelier just next to @maisonladuree, trying on dress after dress, really just for the fun of it. Hervé would exclaim “THIS dress, this dress is for YOU!” ...and occasionally, “...non, not this one. NEXT!!” We would have the best time, I honestly could have only ever worn his dresses. @hervelegerleroux IS Herve Léger (he had to change his name and start over) and he is the inventor and only true master of the iconic bandage dress. And I’d say he was the only dressmaker that could accomplish a truly modern Madame Grès goddess gown. I loved him for his wit, his candor, his sublime elegance and of course, his talent, which, came from authentic obsession, with no care for the commerciality of fashion. I’m so sad to see him go, and so abruptly. We’ve lost one of the fashion greats. My heart breaks for his constant companion, our dear Jocelyn @hervelegersister Thank you, Dear Hervé, for all of it. Rest in glamour, you’ll never be forgotten. #herveleger #herveleroux A post shared by  💄Dita Von Teese (@ditavonteese) on Oct 5, 2017 at 9:11pm PDT The designer opened a new label (with a Parisian boutique) under his own name, Hervé L. Leroux, in 2000. Under this line, the couturier founded a new dress staple, the draped jersey dress—an elegant departure from the skin-tight silhouette of the bandage dress. He entered the couture calendar in 2013.
 It's the retro look of the future... While we’re certainly on board for an aviator or round sunny, nothing quite says summer like the throw-back cat eye. See the girls who wear them well and shop the look. Opt for a demure shape that let's a pretty face shine. Sunday Somewhere sunglasses, $290, sundaysomewhere.com. SHOP Rihanna mixes sporty with drama perfectly. Andy Wolf sunglasses, $400, assemblynewyork.com. SHOP Retro shades work just as well on a wintry beach as a sunny one—and pink is always a good idea. Illesteva sunglasses, $220, illesteva.com. SHOP Gigi Hadid masters the cat eye in this slim, very popular style by Le Specs. Le Specs + Adam Selman sunglasses, $120, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Camille opts for special ops black out shades with understated appeal. Karen Walker sunglasses, $220, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Take the cateye in a lovely new direction with an unexpected heart a la Harley. Takesh sunglasses, $169, takesheyewear.com. SHOP Kaia is nearly transparent in these dramatic frames that still manage to be neutral.  Bec + Bridge x Pared Petite Amour in Taupe, $220, paredeyewear.com. SHOP A little color goes a long way in a great cat eye on Chrissy Rutherford.  RetroSuperFuture sunglasses, $200, retrosuperfuture.com. SHOP  These over the top white frames are reminiscent of Kurt Cobain but perfect for today's cool girls like Hailey Clauson. Raen sunglasses, $150, raen.com. SHOP
 From belted blazers to red leather, these are the season's outerwear looks to try. As the temperatures begin to rise, it's time to phase out your winter puffer and usher in some lightweight outerwear. Whether you're looking to brighten things up with a colorful floor-length duster or keep it classic with a denim jacket, these are the spring jacket trends worth trying and shopping now. 
 From biker shorts to feathers, the little yellow dress and utility dressing, delve into a fresh look at fashion for the new season... A new season deserves a closet refresh—go into spring well-informed with the top looks from the runways of New York, London, Milan, and Paris. For the romantic at heart, there's tiered gowns with fabric to spare. Looking for the bright side? Don a little yellow. A little more to the point? Utility dressing never looked so good. Peruse 11 trends that sparked our interest. While you're at it, get up to date on the spring bags we're shopping now, see what shoe trends are in store, and shop what's happening in denim from mom jeans to mini skirts.  If your innermost desire has always been to be as extra as possible, now is your moment. It's all about a dress with layers, frills, and a fanciful disposition with color to spare. Do you. Pictured: Dolce & Gabbana Erdem Gucci Marc Jacobs Molly Goddard Rodarte Simone Rocha Valentino Vetements Is it your time to soar? Runways from Dries van Noten to Loewe are giving you wings—or at least feathers. Pictured: Dries Van Noten Gucci Loewe Marc Jacobs Oscar de la Renta Richard Quinn Rochas Tom Ford Valentino More neutrally minded? Earth tones are back in a big way—from sand to tan, cream, and khaki. It's time to lighten up. Pictured: Burberry Chloé Dior Gabriela Hearst Jil Sander Maison Margiela Marni Max Mara Ferragamo Miu Miu Sies Marjan Stella McCartney
 The legendary designer was 85 years old.  Karl Lagerfeld, one of the most prolific designers of our time, has passed away in Paris. He was 85 years old. Chanel announced the news to The New York Times. However, the cause of the designer's death has not yet been confirmed.  Lagerfeld has had a legendary career spanning seven decades as a fashion designer and creative director. He created legacies simultaneously at the house of Chanel, launched ready-to-wear for celebrated Italian brand Fendi, and created a his own namesake collection.    "It is with deep sadness that the house of Chanel announces the passing of Karl Lagerfeld," the French brand said in a statement to WWD, citing Lagerfeld's talents as a designer and photographer. "The house of Chanel benefited from his talent for all the branding campaigns related to fashion since 1987. Finally, one cannot refer to Karl Lagerfeld without mentioning his innate sense of repartee and self-mockery." Chanel also added that Virginie Viard, Lagerfeld's right-hand and close collaborator for about 30 years, will take over creative work at the brand "so that the legacy of Gabrielle Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld can live on," according to CEO Alain Wertheimer.  News of Lagerfeld's death comes after he was noticeably absent from the Chanel haute couture shows in Paris last month. Despite rumors that Lagerfeld was in poor health, the French fashion house said he "was feeling tired" in a statement. Viard stepped in for Lagerfeld and took the final bow at the time.  The Hamburg, Germany native began his career in fashion as Pierre Balmain's assistant in 1955. He found success at Chloé in the mid 1960s, started designing for Fendi in 1965, and took the helm at Chanel in 1983 (about 12 years after Coco Chanel died in 1971).  When he took the job at Chanel, the brand was reportedly on its way out. "Everybody said, ‘Don’t touch it, it’s dead, it will never come back.’ But by then I thought it was a challenge," he told The New Yorker.   Lagerfeld is credited with modernizing the legendary French brand, glamorizing its tweed suits and helping it appeal to a younger audience. During his tenure, faces of Chanel included It girls like Cara Delevingne, Lily-Rose Depp (daughter of Vanessa Paradis and Johnny Depp), and Kaia Gerber (Cindy Crawford’s daughter).  "Yes, the old Coco would have been shocked by a lot of things I did," Lagerfeld told Harper’s BAZAAR in 2013, the year of Chanel’s 100th anniversary. "But I had to do it, to keep the label in time with the times. Without it, Chanel would not be modern." In addition to his designs and sharp humor, Lagerfeld was known for his iconic look: a low ponytail, oversized sunglasses, and a black and white suit. Sometimes he was even accompanied by his famous beloved cat, Choupette. "I am like a caricature of myself, and I like that,” the designer has said, according to The New York Times. “It is like a mask. And for me the Carnival of Venice lasts all year long.” This post has been updated.
 Swimsuit model turned runway It girl Hannah Ferguson is ready to make a splash.   Model Hannah Ferguson had no qualms about hopping on a camel for her Bazaar shoot in Tangier, Morocco. “I grew up on a farm riding horses, so it came naturally to me,” says the Texas native.  In fact, horses weren’t the only animals she knew her way around as a kid: “My siblings and I took care of sheep, goats, turkeys, ducks, geese, dogs, and cats. Sometimes we had to milk the goats so their udders wouldn’t crack from all the pressure.”  "I’m not your typical stick-thin runway model."  Grace under fire clearly comes easily to the 25-year-old, who got her big break modeling for Sports Illustrated in 2014 wearing nothing but body paint.  Last year, Ferguson made the leap to high fashion, walking in powerhouse shows like Marc Jacobs and Dolce & Gabbana. “I’m not your typical stick-thin runway model,” she adds. “Thankfully the industry is more accepting of different body types these days.”   Lead image: Karl Lagerfeld Paris jumpsuit; Dianora Salviati scarf; Jimmy Choo sandals; Hair: Martin Cullen; Makeup: Satoko Watanabe; Production: Natalie Stranescu for Rosco Production.
 Do you SEE these walks?  While you were spending your Sunday afternoon relaxing, Dame Helen Mirren and Queen Jane Fonda were busy inventing a little something called the runway walk at Paris Fashion Week.  Both women were part of L'Oreal's first runway show which took place along the Champs-Élysées in Paris. The inclusive runway featured a mass lineup of A-listers and supermodels including Doutzen Kroes, Iskra Lawrence, Irina Shayk, Cheryl Cole and more. But it was the two icons in their seventies who stole the show.  First, Mirren hit the runway like a total boss—whipping her walking stick around, as one does while completely owning the place:  I mean, do you SEE that strut?  Then Fonda, who turns 80 this December, emerged in a floor-length animal print gown and diamond choker (I repeat: she turns 80 this December). The icon threw up some peace signs, blew a few kisses and worked the crowd like the pro she is.  After the show, the two actresses then posed together for the ultimate photo op.  Can you say runway royalty? 
 The office-friendly bags to shop now.  Micro handbags may be having a moment (and taking over Instagram), but as much as we love the trend, it barely fits our wallet, let alone all our 9-to-5 essentials. Finding a bag that’s both chic and laptop-friendly can be quite the feat, especially for those who aren’t into the briefcase look (no offense, dad!). From leather carryalls to convertible straps, we rounded up all the best laptop bags to carry to your office and beyond. Shop all our favorites below.  A cognac hue is always chic from the workplace and beyond.  With individual compartments, Dagne Dover's tote makes it easy to keep the inside of your bag organized—whether you're going to the office to the gym or drinks.  Cuyana's classic leather totes make the perfect 9-to-5 bags and are durable enough to carry all your everyday essentials—laptop included. Put an elevated, fashion-forward twist on the classic laptop tote with this Zac Posen bag.  Without being too bulky or oversized, Everlane's compact Form bag fits a laptop and makes you look polished on the go.  A bright, true red acts like a neutral and adds a pop of color to your predominantly black winter wardrobe.  The gold clasp adds a little glam to your everyday look without feeling too much.  A pop of luxe snake print will take you from the office to happy hour—all without sacrificing style.  Go ultra luxe with this calf hair leather tote that will instantly upgrade any look. The corners fold in for more of a sleek shape, or keep it unfolded for a classic square tote.  The perfect deep wine hue to accessorize all your fall/winter looks.  Who says your work bag can't be fun? Add a little color with this rainbow-striped tote that still keeps it professional without feeling safe. A classic black leather tote will never steer you or your work wardrobe wrong.  Treat yourself to a luxe tote that will never go out of style.  Burberry's new logo makes for the perfect combo of neutrals to seamlessly complement your office wardrobe.  Mansur's smooth, buttery leather tote is a timeless bag—and the perfect way to add a subtle splash of color with its red interior.  This emerging Brooklyn-based brand is one to put on your radar. Its luxe work bag—offered in both black and nude leather—features separate compartments and a laptop sleeve to keep all your 9-to-5 essentials organized.  Wear it three ways: as a crossbody, top handle, or backpack. Along with having a separate laptop divider inside, this Senreve tote also comes in 20 different color options to fit every style. 
 Flock to the shops.  You may be intimidated by feather-trimmed fashion, but we're here to tell you that this fun Fall runway trend is back and here to stay — and what better time to rock it than the holidays! Don't get your feathers ruffled, we've got you covered. Shop 100 of the best feather-inspired gifts to swoon over this holiday season.  Bertoni1949 bag, $1,550, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW Nº21 dress, $1,335, farfetch.com BUY NOW Mignonne Gavigan earrings, $225, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Alexander McQueen perfume, $395, bloomingdales.com BUY NOW Sally LaPointe blazer, $4,590, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW Kevyn Aucoin eyeshadow palette, $58, netaporter.com BUY NOW Elk Group International art, $1,098, houzz.com BUY NOW Victoria Beckham sunglasses, $450, netaporter.com BUY NOW Halfpenny London skirt, $1,759, netaporter.com BUY NOW Lanvin shoe, $1,095, netaporter.com BUY NOW Valentino gown, $21,000, farfetch.com BUY NOW Attico bag, $860, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW T3 featherweight hair dryer, $150, amazon.com BUY NOW Tuleste earrings, $250, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Aviva Stanoff pillow, $365, barneys.com BUY NOW Charlotte Olympia shoe, $638, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Bambah jacket, $622, farfetch.com BUY NOW Frame jeans, $289, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Genie by Eugenia Kim hat, $78, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Prada shoe, $990, barneys.com BUY NOW Corrigan Studio tree, $25, wayfair.com BUY NOW Marchesa Notte dress, $1,095, farfetch.com BUY NOW Olay moisturizer, $25, ulta.com BUY NOW Marchesa Notte dress, $792, netaporter.com BUY NOW Sidney Garber earrings, $9,500, barneys.com BUY NOW Saint Laurent dress, $11,900, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Ines de Nicolay Paris Candle, $98, barneys.com BUY NOW Monique Lhuillier bolero, $2,595, farfetch.com BUY NOW Soia & Kyo beanie, $65, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Laura B bag, $1,295, farfetch.com BUY NOW
 The Gen Z icon discusses her famous parents, new film, and growing up both French and American In the new issue of CR Fashion Book, now on newsstands, editor-in-chief Carine Roitfeld time travels back to the year 1999, when she remembers fashion being at its most exciting and free. "1999 is about a spirit of independence, and there are very few independent thinkers left today," says Roitfeld. "I think right now a lot of people are looking back to this period of time. Not only to find references or get ideas, but to see who they were—how good they were—and hopefully see who they can be again.” When it came time to choose a cover star for her 1999-themed issue, Roitfeld chose Lily-Rose Depp, a budding supermodel and actress―who happened to be born in 1999.  Before stepping into Steven Klein's studio for her CR cover shoot, Depp had never seen the photos Klein once took of her mother Vanessa Paradis―the iconic French singer-actress and fashion muse―at about the same age Depp is now, 18. Those smoldering Klein images of Paradis served as inspiration for this shoot.  "A lot of people think I’m only acting because of my dad. I'm not just doing it because it runs in the family."  Depp's career is clearly following the same, fast-rising trajectory as her mother's. Paradis had a hit song and starred in Chanel No. 5 ads as a teenager. Depp has since become the youngest-ever face of the same classic fragrance, and is now a runway regular at Chanel, too. But despite her fashion cred, Depp isn't stopping there. She stars alongside Natalie Portman in the new indie drama, Planetarium, in which they play fortune-teller sisters. For the new issue of CR, Portman spoke with Depp about classic films, early bedtimes, and their mutual Francophilia.  NATALIE PORTMAN: I heard that your photoshoot for CR was really special. LILY-ROSE DEPP: I love working with Carine. She actually styled the first shoot that I did for Chanel when I was 15. This time I got to show a little more skin and be a little more sexy. I had just turned 18, so I was ready to up the ante.  NP: Explain the connection to the photographs of your mom. LRD: Steven Klein had shot these amazing photographs of my mom when she was around my age. We shot in front of a mirror with the pictures taped to it. I have a similar grungy look. NP: Growing up, what was it like having both the French and the American sides to your family? LRD: Weirdly enough, I feel pretty connected to both cultures. I can seem fully French when I’m in France or totally like a Valley girl when I’m in L.A. [Laughs] NP: It’s so impressive to be able to act in two languages. LRD: The movie I’m shooting in September is my first in French. I’m the main character and I’m speaking in French the whole time, so I’m really nervous. When I talk fast in French I tend to stumble on my words a lot, so I have to work on that. NP: What movies have left the deepest impression on you?  LRD: I grew up watching films like Gone with the Wind and Bringing Up Baby. I think it’s really important to show kids these incredible classic movies from a young age. All global cultures are melding into this one social- media culture, and I think that these movies are a special way to preserve a specific point in time. NP: What are the big cultural differences between France and the United States? LRD: There’s something more personable in Europe than there is here. In the States, there’s more of a facade that I see people putting on. For me, the French culture is richer. It’s also easy to prefer Europe given the present state of things. I would have been nicer to America a year ago. The way politics is going, it’s hard for me to sit down and point out all the things that I love about America. NP: You didn’t get to vote in this last election, did you?  LRD: No, I just missed it. NP: That’s got to be really frustrating to feel like you didn’t even get to have a say. LRD: It was really frustrating. Of course I’m not even seeing the half of it. I’m not feeling the effects that so many other people are feeling. I can’t even imagine actually living it and feeling these changes. NP: Do you feel like it affects the kind of projects you want to do in any way? LRD: I do and I don’t. Not in the sense that I want to do politically charged things. Just in the sense that we should be doing things that are even more daring and even more out- there. Art is the most amazing distraction and now is when we need it the most in order to bring some life back into life. NP: Are you making any more American movies? LRD: I haven’t done an American movie since my first movie ever. The last two things I did were Planetarium and The Dancer, which were both French productions, and then the one that I’m about to do is a French production. NP: I feel like there’s a lot more interesting options in French movies right now. LRD: French scripts have a certain sensibility to them, with the writing style and the depth that the characters have. I like movies that make you think and then talk afterward. I like movies that spark your imagination and your curiosity and I find that the kind of depth that French scripts and characters have often leads to that. NP: Tell me what you’re doing in your spare time right now. LRD: I’m such a homebody. I feel like this is the age that everyone is going out to clubs. I like to hang out with my friends and watch movies and cooking shows. I cook a lot. NP: I would be very happy if I were your mother. I remember we’d, like, be out partying during Planetarium and you’d always say, “Okay, it’s time for me to go home now.”  LRD: People have this perception of 18-year-olds never sleeping and having so much energy, but I get tired at 9:30PM. I can’t even go to the movies after 8PM without falling asleep. NP: In Planetarium you play this spiritualist who is very in touch with ghosts. I always thought you were going to pass out from getting so into the séance scenes.  LRD: I felt like I was going to pass out, too, but I think that was important. It would have been good for the scene. NP: One of the days that you did those scenes you were actually really sick with a stomach virus. LRD: I was not about to go home. I was the youngest one on set and it was my first really serious movie. NP: You don’t like to let anybody down. LRD: A lot of people think I’m only acting because of my dad, that I have not had to work as hard to be seen or recognized in the industry, so I think because of that it makes me want to work twice as hard to prove to everyone that I’m not just doing this because it’s easy to do. I’m not just doing it because it runs in the family. For the full Lily-Rose Depp editorial, check out the new, 1999-themed issue of CR Fashion Book 
From: CR Fashion Book

 Starting November 18, RTR customers can drop off their rentals at 30 Nordstrom locations. Something new is brewing between Rent the Runway and Nordstrom. The two luxury retail giants are planning to expand their partnership later this month, in which Rent the Runway will increase their Drop-Off Box Network from five to 30 Nordstrom locations nationwide, giving members more options for a seamless rental return experience. In addition to that, members will also be able to access exclusive services from Nordstrom, including styling and gift wrapping, both of which come just in time for the busy holiday season. This expansion, which will officially arrive by November 18, can be found in cities like Los Angeles, Nashville, Seattle, and Chicago. “The expansion of our partnership helps us better serve our customers through innovation around products and experiences," said Jamie Nordstrom, president of Nordstrom.  Them: love what you’re wearing! You: 💁‍♀️ A post shared by  Rent the Runway (@renttherunway) on Nov 12, 2019 at 4:00pm PST Nordstrom will also become a platform partner with Rent the Runway, in which they will contribute inventory to the e-commerce retailer in order to extend the lifecycle of their own collections. Together, the companies will additionally study ways to provide customers with exclusive products that would be available to either rent or purchase. “We are thrilled to be expanding our partnership with Nordstrom, the company known and respected for their unparalleled commitment to deliver world-class service and experience," said Rent the Runway CEO and co-founder Jenn Hyman. "We have seen a massive consumer behavior shift unfold over the past several years, with our community now relying on Rent the Runway as a near daily utility.  As our business has grown, we’ve seen unparalleled demand for physical experiences including the convenience of Drop-Off Boxes."
 We chatted with the supermodel about staying zen and personal style amid the hustle and bustle of NYC. After a few weeks of rest, Bella Hadid was back to work again yesterday. The supermodel-in-the-making was about to see her biggest billboard yet, starring in her first jewelry campaign for Bvlgari, the brand she's been working with for over a year. First it was the Serpenti handbags, then the Bvlgari Goldea: The Roman Night fragrance and now she's the face of the B.Zero1 collection.  From the penthouse suite of the W Hotel Times Square, the 21-year old was decked out in leather pants and a vintage Vivienne Westwood top, getting ready to face the rain to see her face light up Times Square.  With New York Fashion Week and Valentine's Day looming, we chatted with Hadid about staying sane during this hectic time of year, her ideal date, and how she expresses herself through personal style.  A friendship bracelet my sister Gigi made me. I'm like we're not friends we're sisters [laughs] but she used to really love making them, and I kept them all.  It's huge! I love working with brands that I have faith in, that I love and I really want to wear myself. This collection is so me, and it's things I would wear everyday. You can stack the jewelry, and it's perfect for any occasion. It's just another amazing opportunity. I don't think I've had a billboard this big, and in Times Square. I heard there's a local singles spot in Times Square [laughs]. My ideal day would be an  adventurous day, and dinner—but I also want a good breakfast. For dinner, a nice steak and fries, or even just saying in and having pizza.  😍😍😍 A post shared by  Libragrl999🦋 (@bellahadid) on Feb 28, 2017 at 2:55pm PST It's crazy, I feel like I've done so much, and I've worked a lot—but I still have so much to do, so many things to check off my bucket list. I think I have a lot to do with the American fashion magazines, like Harper's Bazaar. A lot of artistic things I want to do, it's not always about how many editorials you can get.  It's about working with photographers that have the same eye as I do. Not so much about the fashion even, but the real artistic side. I love makeup and turning myself into different characters. I'm really inspired by art, film, photography.  When we're on set, I always find myself figuring out hair/makeup with the team, and we'll pull up all these ideas. I have so much inspiration on my phone. When I get to set I already know what exactly the mood board is, what kind of lighting the photographer is working with. So, it ends up feeling like a team art piece. I think it's fun for everyone that way, that we all get to express ourselves.  I went through a lot last year with my schedule. It's hard to travel so much, last year I was traveling if not every day, most every other day. I like to focus on staying within my own power, keeping my poise, using essential oils and crystals. Amythest is my favorite crystal. I just got a new one, I forgot the name but it's gorgeous, it's for stabilizing energy and bringing out the power within yourself. I'm stressed out that I don't have them with me right now [laughs]. I had my crystals in my bag last night, and I brought them into my bed and so now they're still sleeping. With the amount of people we're always working with, I need to keep myself zen. If I'm panicking, then people around me can see that, and then everybody panics, and that's the last thing I want to happen. I meditate a lot. I used to meditate almost every night before I went to sleep. If I'm not putting my energy into fully meditating, then I just listen to meditation music to sleep. I know all my music meditation playlist by heart now though. I know exactly when the second song starts, I'll fall asleep.   Back2work Milan  Before opening @dsquared2 show yesterday Biggggg big love to the amazing, generous, loving, Incredible Dean& Dan Thank you for an amazing day & Night🖤🖤🖤 A post shared by  Libragrl999🦋 (@bellahadid) on Jan 15, 2018 at 10:35pm PST My stylist Elizabeth [Sulcer] and I work together, but she's also very busy—so a lot of times I put my own outfits together. It's what makes me the most happy about fashion, making my own looks.  Even when I was a kid in high school, style was always my thing. I never wore flip-flops, I always had my cute outfits, I went vintage shopping. I never bought designer fashion until I could actually afford it when I turned 18. So I had to find the cheapest, but cutest things. My sister Alana once bought me this major Betsey Johnson lace and plaid skirt—it was the love of my life. I had all my doc martins—I had style. And I'm so fortunate now I have my designer pieces—like I'll buy a Balenciaga coat and I'll pair it with something vintage.  What I think is so fun about fashion is being able to do whatever you want. Now I'm at the point where, yeah, I'd wear an orange, red, yellow and black fanny pack—if that's what makes me happy— I shouldn't care. If I had more time, I would do it myself all the time. But Elizabeth and I work really well together, and it's both of us finding looks for me, and putting our own spin together as a team.  It's crazy because I  was never one to put outfits together for people to see me, but now of course I walk outside and photographers are outside my apartment. So now it's a fun thing. I look at it, instead of being like f— this, I can show what I'm really made of. 
 The supermodel opens her little black book of fashion.   "I buy vintage everywhere,” says Kate Moss. “I always keep my eyes open when I’m traveling.” It’s no surprise, then, that on a trip to South America the 45-year-old supermodel found a kindred spirit in Jorge Yarur Bascuñán, director of the world-class Museo de la Moda in Santiago, Chile.   This month, Rizzoli is publishing Musings on Fashion and Style: Museo de la Moda, an irreverent scrapbook of sorts that Moss edited and that places the fashion museum’s encyclopedic holdings—where John Lennon’s Sgt. Pepper’s jacket and 1930s tea dresses rub up against the finest couture—in conversation with her wardrobe. Here, she shares her shopping tips and styling tricks for six key vintage styles from the museum’s collection with Bazaar.  It's lovely to know that I have a museum piece in the Thea Porter dress I own, but I just enjoy wearing it. I get excited whenever I find British designers from the 1960s and ’70s in a vintage shop, and I usually buy them. My daughter, Lila, just wore an Ossie Clark dress that I got at auction when she was 10 and had been saving for her. It once belonged to Twiggy. I chose this dress, as I love Bob Mackie and I think what he did with Cher was amazing. I have always gravitated toward bias-cut dresses because they are easy and comfortable but also really flattering and glamorous. I wore a 1930s silk dress to Princess Eugenie’s wedding reception. When I was a teenager, I wore bias-cut dresses with trainers, but now I wear heels.   The detailing in the way goddess dresses like the Jean Dessès gown in the museum’s collection are made is incredible. They are good to wear, since draping gives you a great body shape. This champagne jumpsuit, which I wore for Moët & Chandon’s 150th anniversary, was perfect for that event. I kept the accessories really simple, as it didn’t need overstyling.  The  museum  has  a lot of 1930s tea dresses, and Jorge actually  gave  me  one from his collection.  They’re  very  feminine—perfect for a garden party. I usually accessorize with a sandal, a  small  handbag,  and  delicate  jewelry, maybe a dangly earring. I like the dreaminess of these dresses; the soft, flowing fabric. I always imagine someone wearing this dress as they waft around a Parisian garden or a stately home. It’s incredible to touch pieces worn by John Lennon and Jimi Hendrix, as they’re two of my favorite people who ever lived. A studded moto like my 1970s Roncelli jacket is the type of thing I like to wear to festivals or just every day to rock up a look and give it a bit of an edge. Yves Saint Laurent designs from the 1960s epitomize bohemian chic and are from an era I would have loved to live in. When I shop for peasant dresses, I really don’t look at labels; I’m usually drawn by the colors. I like to wear them with heeled boots.  Shop at Kate's Favorite Vintage StoresMy favorite place in London is Rellik; I’ve been going there since it opened. And, of course, the weekend Portobello Green Market is always good. In New York, I love Resurrection, and in Paris, Didier Ludot has the most gorgeous couture pieces. 
 And a portion of its proceeds go to a good cause.  From Matrix-inspired shades to colored lenses, it's been a year of throwback, once-taboo sunglasses trends coming back in style. While we've already been inundated with ultra-small specs, Westward Leaning is bringing back another retro sunglass trend that's sure to be approved by every Cool Girl on Instagram: sporty shades. The brand launched a new line of high performance, active sunglasses aptly called Westward Leaning Sport. Featuring three sunglass frames (offered in a range of colors) and a pair of swim goggles, the new collection is designed to be sweat-proof, comfortable, and resistant to slippage—making it ideal for runners, swimmers, and of course, selfie fiends.    The angular, sporty shades are practically begging to be worn by Gigi and Bella Hadid—along with just about every other cool girl on your Instagram feed. And let's not miss the fact that the designs subtly pay nod to the colorful shield sunglasses worn by the likes of Lil Kim and JLo back in the early 2000s. Available in shades of blue, pink, yellow, and clear, the frames range from $45 - $225.    From left: Westward Leaning Sport sunglasses, $225; $165; $225, SHOP To launch the new collection, the brand tapped influencers Aleali May and Jamie Chung as its official Sport ambassadors. Both women star in the campaign and have already rocked the shades on Instagram.  But the collection goes beyond just offering up some cool, unique sunglass options—there's also a philanthropic component. For the line, Westward Leaning teamed up with Street Soccer USA's #LadiesFirst initiative, which helps empower underprivileged girls (age 6 - 18) through soccer. For every pair of Sport sunglasses purchased using the code 'LADIESFIRST' on westwardleaning.com, $25 will go to the official launch of #LadiesFirst. You may have never thought the sporty sunglasses your dad used to rock would ever, ever be cool, but here we are. Get ready for this trend to takeover the fashion set—we're calling it now.  SHOP WESTWARD LEANING SPORT
 We caught up with Kelly Zutrau and Joe Valle of indie pop band Wet in Brooklyn to talk about their new album, fashion obsessions, and what’s next for the duo—presented by our partner, Gucci.  Take a melodic journey with Kelly Zutrau and Joe Valle of Brooklyn-based band Wet. In six years’ time, the duo has experienced creative evolution while garnering a devoted following with their raw lyrics, soulful tunes, unforgettable live performances, and original style. With the release of their new album “Still Run,” an international tour in the works, and Gucci as a fan, there’s nothing stopping the band. How did the band start?KZ: Joe and I met in New York in 2007 or so and became friends. We started making music together in the summer of 2012 and slowly started putting songs up on the internet and playing shows, and then eventually we were signed to Columbia Records.   "I was trying to write my own version of the national anthem to make sense of what was going on."  What sets your music style apart from others?KZ: I'm interested in making music that can be nuanced and doesn't feel prescribed or too derivative, but is also accessible. I want to make something that is real and connected to my soul and is revelatory. I definitely do not always succeed at that, but when there's moments of that in a song or an album, that's when I feel like I’m going in the right direction.   Inspirations behind the new “Still Run” album?KZ: This album was about leaving relationships, whether they be romantic, work, family, etc., and the aftermath of making those decisions. It was made during a pretty transitional time for the band and is a documentation of that time.  Most meaningful song from the album?KZ: "This Woman Loves You" stands out to me because it felt like a departure stylistically. It started as a love song about a boy and then turned into being about my struggle to deal with the disappointment I was having with the country, the men I know, and myself in a very dark time for America. I was trying to write my own version of the national anthem to make sense of what was going on. JV: The songs I feel the most connection to from this album are “There's a Reason” and “Softens.” They're the songs I had the most involvement in writing-wise and in terms of instrumentation/production are the two where I feel I had the most artistic license in developing. “There's a Reason” especially comes to mind because I'm particularly happy with the string arrangement.    What do you want your listeners to experience from your music?KZ: I hope that it can bring them some sort of peace, clarity, or joy. Whenever people say that they heard a song and it felt like they were hearing their own story, it always makes me happy to be able to give that kind of connection to someone.  How does your music influence your style and vice versa?KZ: I tend to think pretty big picture and am less detail-oriented with music, and I think you can see that in how I dress; I try to be as simple as possible with both. But sometimes it's good to incorporate one complication, like a riff or a sound that is ornate, same thing with style. It can be fun to have one elaborate thing that can be at the center of a simple outfit.  JV: I like things to feel worn and lived in, so I end up mostly buying used clothes or not really loving a piece of clothing until it's completely threadbare and worn out. In the same sense, when I am working on music, I want things to sound unique, like they have a life of their own, as opposed to the canned sounds of a sample pack or a synth preset or something. So I spend a lot of time working and reworking these sounds, layering things, sending the audio in and out of the computer and through other gear, etc., until it feels a bit more lived in.   JV: My go-to outfit at the moment is some thrifted wide-leg denim pants with a white tee tucked in, worn in brown boots, and a vintage Yankees baseball hat.  Favorite Gucci pieces from the shoot and why?KZ: I loved wearing the embellished white sneakers and the floral dress most.  JV: I loved wearing the checkered suit with the Yankees slippers. I don't feel quite myself in most high-end fashion, but it felt very natural wearing these for some reason. I also love the Flashtrek sneaker.  What’s next for Wet?KZ: We have a big tour coming up in the UK and Europe this coming November. We'll be opening for Florence And The Machine throughout the UK, and playing some headline shows as well. Our new Album “Still Run” is out now and we'll be releasing more music soon. 
 Yes... summer is finally here!  Summer is finally here so it's time to refresh your summer wardrobe!  Get ready to elevate your summer Friday looks with the perfect combination of swimsuits and coverups. Whether you are planning backyard BBQ's, a beach vacation or margaritas poolside look ahead for the best summer combinations to get on board with.  Add a bit of spice to your minimal style with a '80s-style high-cut suit. Solid & Striped suit, $175, shopbazaar.com SHOP Lemlem dress, $395, shopbazaar.com SHOP Keep it cute and sweet poolside with this pink palette. Kisuii suit, $230, shopbazaar.com SHOP Three Graces London dress, $740, shopbazaar.com SHOP A sea-worthy look for a summer boat ride.  Norma Kamali suit, $150, shopbazaar.com SHOP Dodo Bar Or dress, $585, shopbazaar.com SHOP The perfect combo for a boardwalk stroll followed by a dip in the ocean. Amaio suit, $376, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi dress, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP This suit can double as a bodysuit, just throw on a bottom for after beach cocktails! Lisa Marie Fernandez suit, $535, shopbazaar.com SHOP Alexa Chung skirt, $505, shopbazaar.com SHOP After a late afternoon on the beach, throw on this cover-up for a breezy island evening dining al fresco. Proenza Schouler suit, $245, shopbazaar.com SHOP Rhode Resort dress, $365, shopbazaar.com SHOP Feminine and flirty for any summer trip destination. LHD top, $220, shopbazaar.com SHOP LHD bottom, $195, shopbazaar.com SHOP Lisa Marie Fernandez dress, $725, shopbazaar.com SHOP Keep it sophisticated and stylish in this chic combination. Asceno suit, $260, shopbazaar.com SHOP Altuzarra dress, $1795, shopbazaar.com SHOP Swap out your every day floral for something that feels a bit more retro.  Zimmermann suit, $451, shopbazaar.com SHOP Sea dress, $485, shopbazaar.com SHOP Add a pop of color to your beach vacation! Rye suit, $200, shopbazaar.com SHOP Veronica Beard dress, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 See all of the chicest looks off the runway at fashion week... It gets very chic off-the-runway—see what the girls are wearing at Fashion Week in London. Veronika Heilbrunner LOEWE bag. Lauren Santo Domingo Chrissy Rutherford Evangelie Smyrniotaki Tiffany Hsu wearing LOEWE bag. Alexa Chung Giovanna Battaglia Chrissy Rutherford Xenia Adonts, Anna Vitiello, Chrissy Rutherford
 *Books vacation aboard the Chanel liner immediately* When it comes to runway shows, Chanel knows how to pull out all the stops. So it should hardly come as a surprise that today, for its Cruise 2019 show in Paris, the fashion house brought an actual cruise ship onto its runway. The larger-than-life liner, named 'La Pausa' after Gabrielle Chanel's summer house on the French Riviera, served as the ultimate backdrop to the fashion house's nautical-inspired collection.  After models boarded the Chanel-branded ship alongside Karl Lagerfeld for the grand finale, the ship then opened up to guests, making for the ultimate photo op.    As for the collection itself, there were plenty of white and navy stripes, berets, and straw hats perfect for your next getaway on the French Riviera. There was also, of course, no shortage of Chanel's signature tweed in the form of skirt suits and dresses. Perhaps most striking, however, was the fact that nearly every look was worn with a pair of white tights—an item that's been passé in the fashion world for quite some time now.  Bella Hadid hit the runway in a blue two-piece set accessorized with a tweed beret and pearl belt. Stella Maxwell, Adut Akech, Gigi, and Bella Hadid were amongst some of the models who walked the show. Chanel regulars including Kristen Stewart—who wore a black sparkling tuxedo dress— and Lily-Rose Depp were amongst those sitting in the front row.  This, of course, is hardly the first time Chanel went big with the set of its runway show. In the past, the fashion house has transformed its runway set into a space station, supermarket, airport, carousel, and more. 
 Prepare to see them all over the red carpet next year. Maria Grazia Chiuri closed Dior's Spring 2018 show today with a colorful string of sheer and sequined dresses that are screaming to be on the red carpet. The designer presented on day one of Paris Fashion Week, once again bringing her take on feminist messages and feminine silhouettes to the French house—this time with some eye-catching hues. The presentation began with a black-and-white color scheme—in checkerboard prints, stripes and polka dots—and various denim looks, but as the show progressed, more color (and shimmer) was introduced. The final ensembles in Dior's 80-piece spring collection were a range of sequined dresses in pink, red, blue, orange and yellow-green. Each had a mosaic sequin-covered bodice (which appeared to include shorts) with a bustier top and Christian Dior logo straps—two design motifs Chiuri has introduced as the brand's new signatures. A midi-length sheer skirt was layered on top, held up with a thin black bow at the waist, acting like a thin curtain of dotted tulle. We wouldn't be surprised if Dior muses like Jennifer Lawrence or Emma Watson sported one of these next year, or even this season. The looks were paired with knee-high fishnet boots, thin chokers, layered necklaces, leather bracelets and sequined iterations of Dior's street style-friendly flap bags that matched with each gown. Chiuri also sent similar looks down the runway, which included less color but equal wattage with silver sequins. The set design proved a big help when it came to amplifying the shine. The crystal-like venue, constructed in the Musée Rodin, required "80,000 pieces of mirror, 7.2 tons of coated concrete, 20 days of labor-intensive installation, a workforce of 80, a total surface area of 2,200 square meters," Dior revealed on Instagram. The result was simply stunning:  
 The Belgian designer is commemorating three decades of fashion shows. Once described by The New York Times as being "one of fashion's most cerebral designers," Dries Van Noten has continued to create collections that embody an intellectual aesthetic and unmatched spirit of independence season after season. This past March marked the Belgian brand's one hundredth show and to celebrate, the designer is releasing a book set including over 2,000 photos from his archives. Text within each book includes a recount of the inspirations, creative references and context of each collection written by renowned journalists Susannah Frankel and Tim Blanks. Click through to take a sneak-peek inside Dries Van Noten 1-100, the book set that will be available for purchase worldwide this October.  Fall 1996 Show  Spring 2007 show  Spring 2009 Show  Spring 2015 Show  Spring 2017 show  Dries Van Noten 1-100, $180, is available for pre-order now at barnesandnoble.com.  SHOP
 The house addressed the current abortion debates with "My Body, My Choice" jackets and more.  As states like Alabama and Georgia attempt to strip women of their rights to abortion, Alessandro Michele is looking back to the feminist movement of the '70s for inspiration. Mirroring the current political climate, the designer advocated for women's reproductive rights and equality with Gucci's Cruise 2020 collection.  Staged in Rome at the Capitoline Museums, the fashion house's latest runway show was all about freedom, self-expression, and gender equality. The concept centered around a very important date in Italian history: May 22, 1978, the day that abortion became legal in the country. Michele paid homage to the historic day by embroidering the date ‘22.5.78’ across a mini capelet.   Moments before the #GucciCruise20 fashion show unfolding at Rome’s Capitoline Museums @museiincomuneroma, a look with ‘22.5.78’ refers to the date established of the Italian statute for the social protection of motherhood and the voluntary interruption of pregnancy, better known as statute 194. This jacket is created from @alessandro_michele’s continuing vision of freedom, equality and self-expression. Since founding @chimeforchange in 2013—the global campaign that represents and advocates for gender equality—@gucci has a longstanding commitment to women and girls by funding projects around the world to support sexual and reproductive rights, maternal health, and the freedom of individual choice. Because none of us can move forward if half of us are held back. Learn more about the global partners for sexual and family health rights the campaign is donating to in 2019, which can be found in @chimeforchange’s link in bio. #AlessandroMichele #MuseiCapitolini A post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on May 28, 2019 at 11:28am PDT A purple jacket echoed the same sentiment with the '70s feminist slogan "My Body, My Choice" emblazoned in bold type across the back.    ‘My Body My Choice’ is a feminist slogan from the 70s which appears on the reverse of this jacket seen before the #GucciCruise20 fashion show by @alessandro_michele. This piece echoes the Creative Director’s continuing vision of freedom, equality and self-expression. Since founding @chimeforchange in 2013—the global campaign that represents and advocates for gender equality—@gucci has a longstanding commitment to women and girls by funding projects around the world to support sexual and reproductive rights, maternal health, and the freedom of individual choice. Learn more about the global partners for sexual and family health rights the campaign is donating to in 2019, which can be found in @chimeforchange’s link in bio. @museiincomuneroma #AlessandroMichele #MuseiCapitolini A post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on May 28, 2019 at 11:47am PDT  Opting for a less literal slogan route, a pleated evening gown was embroidered with a beaded and sequined uterus.    A uterus is embroidered on a pleated long sleeve gown designed by @alessandro_michele, moments before the #GucciCruise20 fashion show at @museiincomuneroma in Rome. This piece reflects the Creative Director’s continuing vision of freedom, equality and self-expression. Since founding @chimeforchange in 2013—the global campaign that represents and advocates for gender equality—@gucci has a longstanding commitment to women and girls by funding projects around the world to support sexual and reproductive rights, maternal health, and the freedom of individual choice. Learn more about the global partners for sexual and family health rights the campaign is donating to in 2019, which can be found in @chimeforchange’s link in bio.  #AlessandroMichele #MuseiCapitolini A post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on May 29, 2019 at 12:01am PDT  "Among other citations, there are some references to the Seventies, a moment in time when boundaries were blurred compared with nowadays," Michele explained of Gucci's latest collection in an interview with WWD. "It was a historical moment when women — finally — rejected all the constraints that were imposed in the previous centuries and they became free. That’s why I am paying homage to the Italian law regarding abortion, the law number 194. It’s unbelievable that around the world there are still people who believe that they can control a woman’s body, a woman’s choice. I will always stand behind the freedom of being, always."  All of the pieces coincide with Gucci's Chime for Change campaign, a non-profit organization advocating for gender equality and women's reproductive rights around the world. Since its inception in 2013, the mission has raised $15 million to support projects in 89 countries—directly benefitting over 570,000 girls and women globally. 
 The supermodel called the incident "revolting," and rightfully so.  Naomi Campbell revealed that she was recently turned away from a French hotel because she is black. Speaking to the publication Paris Match, the supermodel said she was invited to attend an event at a hotel in the south of France around the time of the Cannes Film Festival, but she and her friend were denied entry "because of the color of my skin."  "The guy at the entrance pretended that the place was [full]. But he let other people pass," Campbell said, per The Root. She did not specify which hotel refused to let her in.  "It’s because of revolting moments like this one that I’ll continue to express myself and make myself heard," she added.  Campbell is a vocal advocate for diversity in the fashion industry and acknowledges in the interview that she's paved the way for models of color who rose to fame after her. However, she notes that the struggle for racial equality and inclusivity in fashion is by no means over. "The challenge is permanent," she said, according to The Root. The supermodel also recently told Reuters that representation in the industry has changed "in so many ways" since she first started out, but people shouldn't think of it as a passing fad. "It’s finally ... sunken in but now we hope people don’t think it’s in for a trend, like clothes are in for a season and out for a season, that’s not going to happen," she said.  Over the past few years, Campbell has teamed up with fellow game-changing models Iman and Bethann Hardison to address and fight racism in fashion. Iman told Harper's BAZAAR of the impact of their collaboration, "I think we’re seeing the change on the runways and in campaigns." 
 And one of Helmut Lang's branded cabs is giving away free designer merch. In 1998, Helmut Lang became the first fashion brand to advertise on NYC's yellow taxi signs, according to the brand. Nineteen years later, the label is paying tribute to its shared history with the city with a new capsule of merch, modeled by some of New York's very own cab drivers. The limited-edition capsule consists of a long-sleeve tee ($125) and two hoodie styles ($210 each) with minimal designs, save a logo on the chest or graphic print across the back. Though the pieces are available to shop in-store, online at helmutlang.com and at select retailers, there's also an opportunity to snag one for free. In addition to creating the collection, Helmut Lang is also advertising on 275 taxis operating in the city. Catch one for a ride, and you just might arrive at your stop with a new top. Follow @helmutlang on social media for updates on giveaways. Choosing everyday people as models is no surprise for Lang, after Shayne Oliver designed the brand's latest collection and presented it on the runway without no Insta-famous models (à la Jenner, Hadid or Gerber) on his runway. Oliver isn't attached to this taxi collection however; it's a new installment by Lang's editor-in-residence Isabella Burley. Flip through to get a better look at the collection and learn more about the people wearing it. Tony, 67, started driving taxis in 1976. He's originally from Greece, but is currently living in Bayside, Queens. Tony is wearing the taxi long-sleeve tee.  Isaul, 57, started driving taxis in 1996. He's originally from Honduras, but is currently living in the Bronx with his wife and three kids. Isaul is wearing the copyright hoodie.  Carlos, 52, started driving taxis in 1997. He's originally from Ecuador, but is currently living in Queens with his wife and two sons. Carlos is wearing the taxis hoodie.  Tony and Isaul share a hug. Tony shows off the image printed on the back of the taxi long-sleeve tee. The original photo was taken by Iain R. Webb in 2000.  The drivers were photographed at a body shop in Long Island City, Queens. Helmut Lang taxi hoodie, $210, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Helmut Lang taxi long-sleeve tee, $125, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Helmut Lang copyright hoodie, $210, nordstrom.com. SHOP
 Take all my money.  It's officially that time of the season when "nothing to wear" syndrome kicks in. But if you've found yourself in a style rut lately, Nordstrom is here to save the day with its Winter Sale. Whether you're looking for end of winter deals on outerwear or the perfect transitional pieces to get your closet ready for spring, there are plenty of deals to take advantage of. First on our list? Reformation's must-have print dresses, skirts, and blouses, which are all on sale now. From the sustainable brand's cult-favorite tops to a coveted leopard skirt, here are the Reformation sale pieces to score before they sell out.  Originally $148 A fresh take on Instagram's cult-favorite leopard skirt, this red iteration is a year-round wardrobe staple.  Originally $78 There's nothing more flattering than a square-neck top.  Originally $248 Wear it now with tights and boots, then go bare-legged come spring.  Originally $148 Fashion girls can't get enough of Reformation's denim for good reason. Try the must-have in corduroy for an unexpected texture.  Originally $148 The perfect date night top. Originally $248 The perfect dress to transition your wardrobe from winter to spring.  Originally $78 A timeless top you'll wear for seasons to come. Originally $218 A retro LBD that's perfect for a night out.  Originally $148 Your summer wardrobe is calling and it wants you to get a head-start with this perfect top.  Originally $148 Finish the season strong with this elongating midi dress.  Originally $128 Another perfect night out top to add to your closet.  Originally $218 Fact: everyone needs a polka dot dress in their wardrobe.  Originally $248 A '90s-inspired night out look? Yes, please.  Originally $148 Upgrade your little black dress with this chic two-piece look.  Originally $128 Channel your inner Fran Fine with this perfect leopard mini skirt.  Originally $178 If you haven't worn overalls since 3rd grade, now's your chance to bring the look back.  Originally $218 Perfect for a summer's night out. 
 Get ready for the return of maximal jewelry.  Dainty necklaces and classic hoops have been ruling the accessory scene for quite some time. But this spring, it's time to have  some fun with your jewelry. From dripping, blinged out crystals to '80s hearts and seashells galore, this season's hottest jewelry trends are playful and unapologetically bold. Give your wardrobe an instant update with the help of these standout pieces to start shopping now.  Dripping crystal jewelry first made an appearance on the Spring 2019 runways and quickly took over Instagram thanks to Alessandra Rich's over-the-top earrings (which Ariana Grande later wore in her "7 Rings" video). From party-ready earrings to blinged out bracelets and necklaces, this nostalgic trend is all about being extra.  From top left: Alexandre Vauthier Couture, Miu Miu, Chanel, and Ariana Grande's "7 Rings" video.  Embrace your inner extra with these bold drop earrings that will look just as good with jeans and t-shirt as they do with a glam night-out look.  Bring on the color with Miu Miu's rainbow crystal drop earrings.  Ariana Grande's Alessandra Rich earrings from the "7 Rings" video unsurprisingly sold out, but this '80s-inspired pair is just as good.  Pearls are back, but this season's are nothing like your grandmother's pearls. From delicate pearl hoops to ear cuffs and sculptural bracelets, the classic piece is getting a modern, reimagined update for spring.  From top left: Chanel, @Mizuki, Prabal Gurung, Oscar de la Renta A playful pair of pearl hoops you'll want to wear every day.   It's hard to choose from Mizuki's range of various pearl pieces, but these sculptural earrings feel fresh and unique.  Try your pearls in an unexpected form: with a dainty, stacking-friendly ring.   Featuring removable pearl charms, these hoop earrings are basically like two-in-one.  Show some love in the form of chunky, oversized heart earrings. From the runways of Balenciaga and Escada to the cool girls of Instagram like Alyssa Coscarelli, the '80s-inspired trend is already proving to be one of the season's most fun. From top left: Balenciaga, @alyssainthecity, Escada It only takes one of these Balenciaga earrings to make a full-on lewk.  Mix and match your heart earrings with this playful BaubleBar set.   An affordable take on the oversized heart trend.  Go bold or go home with these oversized pearl and rainbow beaded heart earrings.   The shell jewelry craze isn't slowing down anytime soon. From the runways at Altuzarra and Anna Sui to our Instagram feeds, this nostalgic jewelry trend is here to stay for the warm weather.   From left: @svnrshop, Altuzarra, Anna Sui  You'll want to wear these shell hoops whether it's summer or not.  A chic alternative to your '90s puka shell necklace.  But for those who still love the puka shell look, Tohum's bracelets and necklaces make for a modern-take on the trend.  Get two trends in one with these shell and pearl drop earrings.  Your vacation wardrobe called and it needs this single statement-making earring. 
 Burgundy, oxblood or bordeaux? Nothing says "fall" like a closet full of burgundy favorites.  Refresh your wardrobe with this romantic hue—from the perfectly femme fatale lip color and cozy sweaters to elegant dresses and the everyday carry-all, ShopBAZAAR has you covered.  Senreve bag, $695, shopbazaar.com SHOP Jonathan Simkhai sweater, $685, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tom Ford lipstick, $54, shopbazaar.com SHOP Rhode Resort dress, $415, shopbazaar.com SHOP Gigi Burris hat, $375, shopbazaar.com SHOP Isabel Marant boot, $780, shopbazaar.com SHOP No. 21 dress, $2,610, shopbazaar.com SHOP Lizzie Fortunato necklace, $345, shopbazaar.com SHOP Zimmermann cami, $350, shopbazaar.com SHOP Alexander Wang bag, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP Rosetta Getty pants, $1,090, shopbazaar.com SHOP Bobbi Brown brush set, $139, shopbazaar.com SHOP 3.1 Phillip Lim shoes, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 A look back at the best style secrets from the year.  Were keeping an eye on the red carpet, the It girls and the fashion bloggers who are innovating. Take a look back at some of the standout celebrity looks from 2017 worth recreating.  Who: Gabrielle Union What: A Yellow Coat Why: Bringing an unexpected splash of color to fall's chilly temperatures, Union brightened up her turtleneck dress, over-th-knee-boots, and Michael Kors bag with a sunny yellow coat.  Get the look: Le Ciel Bleu coat, $580, farfetch.com. SHOP Who: Elsa Hosk What: A Leather Trench and Beret Why: Adding an edge to the beret trend, the model styled her Parisian topper with a leather trench, checked pants, and sneakers.  Get the look: Topshop beret, $22, topshop.com. SHOP Wanda Nylon trench, $1,312, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Who: Kristen Stewart What: Fuchsia Pants  Why: Going for full-on color, the actress ditched her typically neutral color palette for a bold pair of hot pink pants instead. Paired with a lacy cropped tee, the bright hue makes for the perfect alternative to those feeling millennial pink fatigue.  Get the look: Alice + Olivia pants, $295, nordstrom.com. SHOP  Who: Chrissy Teigen What: Fall Classics Why: Reminding us all that sometimes less is more, Teigen kept her look streamlined with wardrobe classics like a denim jacket, white t-shirt, aviator sunglasses, and a logo Gucci belt. Together, it made for a minimal but incredibly chic look on-the-go. Get the look: H&M; denim jacket, $25, hm.com. SHOP Gucci belt, $450, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Who: Chloe Grace Moretz What: A Pink Striped Suit Why: Putting a modern-day twist on the Pretty in Pink look, the actress suited up in a striped blush Victoria Victoria Beckham suit. To make the look a little more casual, Moretz styled the suit with a white t-shirt and white Stuart Weitzman boots.  Get the look: Alexa Chung trousers, $385, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Alexa Chung blazer, $690, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Lineisy Montero What: A Corseted Suit Why: Attending the CFDA Awards, the model offered a fresh take on the gray checked suit by cinching the waist with a fitted corset in a Public School look.  Get the look: Tibi corset, $350, net-a-porter.com. Shop Who: Kate Bosworth What: Camel and Red  Why: The actress proved a camel coat is the perfect way to top off a bold red look this season—topping off the look with Jennifer Fisher earrings and a Gabriela Hearst bag.  Get the look: H&M; dress, $70, hm.com. SHOP Mansur Gavriel coat, $1,195, mansurgavriel.com. SHOP Who: Gabrielle Union What: A Deconstructed Blazer Why: Putting a twist on a classic double-breasted suit, the actress opted for a cut-out Dion Lee look that revealed an unexpected flash of skin.  Get the look: Dion Lee blazer, $1,246, shopbop.com. SHOP Who: Gwyneth Paltrow What: A Double-Breasted Blazer Why: Embracing a menswear-inspired look, the actress opted for an oversized double-breasted blazer to pair with her slit pencil skirt and strappy sandals.  Get the look: Halston Heritage blazer, $475, bloomingdales.com. SHOP Who: Millie Bobby Brown What: A Matching Jacket and Skirt Set Why: Wearing a colorful paisley and floral Giamba suit, the 13-year-old took her look to the next level of cool with retro framed sunnies and black booties.  Get the look: Max & Co. blazer and skirt set, $348, asos.com. SHOP Who: Mila Kunis What: A Splash Of Color  Why: Business on the top, party on the bottom—the actress stepped out in a head-to-toe Fendi look wearing a classic tailored shirtdress, double-breasted blazer, and a sizzling pair of red over-the-knee boots for the ultimate contrasting look.   Look for Less: Aldo boots, $130, aldoshoes.com. SHOP Diesel blazer, $197, farfetch.com. SHOP Who: Kaia Geber What: A Camouflage Jacket Why: Making camo cool again, the It model paired her utility jacket with leather leggings, combat boots, gold Jennifer Fisher hoop earrings, and a baker boy hat for maximum impact.  Get the look: Alice + Olivia jacket, $550, aliceandolivia.com. SHOP Who: Laura Love What: A Denim Shearling Why: Attending the opening of Louis Vuitton's new exhibit in New York, Love went for a high-low contrast by pairing a party-ready gold slip dress with a denim shearling jacket.  Get the look: Levi's denim jacket, $128, shopbop.com. SHOP Who: Shanina Shaik What: Coordinating Floral Separates Why: Taking pajama dressing to the next level, the model stepped out in a red PrettyLittleThing floral kimono with matching silk pants for a sexy (and lounging-friendly) nighttime look.  Get the look: PrettyLittleThing floral jacket, $55, prettylittlething.us.  SHOP PrettyLittleThing floral trousers, $38, prettylittlething.us. SHOP Who: Gabrielle Union What: A Ruffle Midi Skirt Why: Going for the red on red look, the actress stepped out in a fiery Victoria Beckham ensemble for a book signing. Whether paired with open-toe heels or boots, the skirt makes for a versatile addition to your fall wardrobe.  Get the look: Alice + Olivia blouse, $350, bloomingdales.com. SHOP MSGM skirt, $540, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Elsa Hosk What: A Vinyl Biker Jacket Why: The model instantly added an edge to her look with a shiny patent jacket.  Get the look: ASOS jacket, $79, asos.com. SHOP Who: Rihanna What: A Blazer Dress and Baseball Cap Why: Once again proving she's the queen of slaying the most unexpected of looks, Bad Gal Riri debuted her new PVC Off-White shoes and bag with a deconstructed suit dress and classic dad hat.  Look for Less: Topshop dress, $50, topshop.com. SHOP Who: Julianne Moore What: A Denim Dress and Stiletto Boots Why: The actress topped off her denim shirtdress with an unexpected footwear choice—fall's stiletto boot trend—for the perfect contrast. Get the Look: Stella McCartney dress, $945, shopbop.com. SHOP Topshop boots, $140, topshop.com. SHOP Who: Gabrielle Union What: A Color-Blocked Skirt  Why: Bringing some unexpected fall colors to the mix, the actress opted for a colorful Proenza Schouler skirt. With black, green, white, and pink, the pleated piece added just the right amount of color to the fall look.  Get the look: Proenza Schouler skirt, $1,145, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Look for Less: ASOS skirt, $56, asos.com. SHOP Who: Abigail Spencer What: A Velvet Suit Why: Attending Elle's Women in Hollywood event, the actress styled a sheer turtleneck underneath a coordinating velvet suit, making for a perfect nighttime or party look this season.  Get the look: Chrissy Teigen x Revolve bralette, $78, revolve.com. SHOP Chrissy Teigen x Revolve pants, $188, revolve.com. SHOP Who: Hailey Baldwin What: A Transitional Turtleneck  Why: Putting a modern twist on Christian Dior's 1947 New Look, the model tucked an elegant short-sleeve turtleneck into a full midi skirt. For those fall days that aren't quite fall-like temperatures, a cropped turtleneck makes for the perfect in-between.  Get the look: Theory turtleneck, $190, bloomingdales.com. SHOP Who: Karlie Kloss What: A Belt Bag Why: Proving the fanny pack is cooler than ever, the model added a pop of color to her look with a red Chanel belt bag.  Get the look: Gucci bag, $1,100, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Who: Chrissy Teigen What: A Shag Coat Why: Debuting her new collection for Revolve, Teigen stepped out in a '70s-inspired shaggy coat that's the perfect trifecta of neutrals to add to your fall wardrobe.  Get the look: Chrissy Teigen x Revolve coat, $248, revolve.com. SHOP Who: Margot Robbie What: Red On Red Why: Wearing the color of the season, the actress went for a show-stopping, red hot monochromatic Versace look while out in New York.  Look for Less: Boohoo blazer and culottes co-ord, $53, asos.com. SHOP Who: Elle Fanning What: Fur Slippers Why: Reimagining fur slides, the actress topped off a belted polka dot jumpsuit with a cozy pair of fur slippers adorned with silver clasps.  Get the Look: Robert Clergerie flats, $658, stylebop.com. SHOP Look for Less: Topshop flats, $45, topshop.com. SHOP Who: Lottie Moss What: A Gray Checked Suit Why: Making fall's ubiquitous gray checked trend work for a night out, the teenage model styled a pair of black over-the-knee boots with a Cher Horowitz-inspired blazer and skirt set.  Get the look: PrettyLittleThing blazer, $40, prettylittlething.us. SHOP PrettyLittleThing skirt, $18, prettylittlething.us. SHOP Who: Kerry Washington What: Red Over-The-Knee Boots Why: Stepping out in this fall's statement-making boot trend, Washington made a classic white and black look pop with red hot boots.  Get the look: Stuart Weitzman boots, $885, stuartweitzman.com. SHOP Look For Less: Topshop boots, $150, topshop.com. SHOP Who: Jourdan Dunn What: Plaid Pants Why: The model eased into fall dressing with a sleeveless cropped sweater and plaid wide-leg pants perfect for day or night.  Get the look: Robert Rodriguez pants, $295, farfetch.com. SHOP Who: Laura Harrier What: A Suede Jacket and Track Pants Why: The actress combined two fall essentials together—a Louis Vuitton studded suede jacket and black and white track pants—for an unexpected pairing that completely worked while at Paris Fashion Week.  Get the look: BlankNYC suede jacket, $188, nordstrom.com. SHOP Joseph pants, $315, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Liu Wen  What: A Tweed Jacket Why: Attending Chanel's Spring 2018 show earlier today, the model proved you can never go wrong with classic pieces like a tweed duster jacket and blue jeans.  Get the look: H&M; tweed jacket, $70, hm.com. SHOP
 For all the boho babes. On days you have nothing to wear, this is the dress you’ll be reaching for. Exclusive to ShopBAZAAR, Mar’s charming upgrade to the peasant dress has us smitten. From delicate embroidery and bell sleeves to playful tassels and a flattering waist-tie belt, every detail counts. This dress is a must-have for all your rooftop brunches, beachside escapes, casual Fridays and weekend outings. Mar dress, $480, shopbazaar.com Catbird bracelet, $105, shopbazaar.com, Bobbi Brown lipstick, $29, shopbazaar.com, Dior sunglasses, $595, shopbazaar.com, Mar dress, $480, shopbazaar.com, Chloe bag, 1,490, shopbazaar.com, Aquazzara sandal, $650, shopbazaar.com, YSL nail polish, $27, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tom Ford lipstick, $54, shopbazaar.com, Rebecca De Ravenel earrings, $325, shopbazaar.com, Givenchy sunglasses, $545, shopbazaar.com, Balenciaga jacket, $1,295, shopbazaar.com,  Mar dress, $480, shopbazaar.com, Hereu bag, $335, shopbazaar.com, Isabel Marant sandals, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP Vintner's Daughter serum, $185, shopbazaar.com, Lizzie Fortunato earrings, $265, shopbazaar.com, Le Specs sunglasses, $70, shopbazaar.com, Mar dress, $480, shopbazaar.com, Saint Laurent sneakers, $595, shopbazaar.com, Hunting Season bag, $925, shopbazaar.com, Giorgio Armani lipstick, $38, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 The mega-influencer behind WeWoreWhat is relaunching her overalls collection and taking her swimwear collaboration into a licensing deal, all with a new e-commerce site to match. Danielle Bernstein is what is known in the modern world as a mega-influencer. With 2.1 million Instagram followers globally hanging on her every move, the word influence can sound like an understatement. But it didn't happen overnight. Nearly a decade ago, Bernstein was using her time as a student at FIT to launch her blogging career. What began as a street style blog and then a personal style diary, morphed into the huge moneymaking endeavor you scroll through today.  Famously candid, she's revealed how much she and Insta-stars in her social media stratosphere get paid. Though some were taken aback by the number ($8,000 to $20,000 per post, according to a 2017 Forbes interview), underestimating the worth of a young woman in business sounds more like business as usual than anything particularly having to do with influencers.  If Bernstein has encountered haters in the past, they haven't affected her bottom line. The New Yorker is upping the ante with the launch of an e-commerce site that will house the relaunch of her overalls collection and, come November, the swimwear from a licensing deal with Onia that began as a collaboration earlier this year. Below, see her new WeWoreWhat overalls and hear more from Bernstein on her business (as not so usual).  What’s the difference between collaborating with Onia and doing a licensing deal? From the backend: nothing. They will still remain my production partner, design partner, and logistics, but WeWoreWhat will be its own brand now with its own website.   What does this jump mean for you personally and professionally? I've proven that I can design and sell product now, so the timing feels right with launching my own e-comm site and wholesale business.  You’ve done a lot of collaborations, like a very successful one with Joe’s Jeans earlier this year. Why is it important to you also to have collections under your brand name directly? Collaborations have been really good to me, but it's time that I bring everything under my own brand and start growing WeWoreWhat's awareness as a label.  WeWoreWhat overalls were doing well. What made you take a step back and reassess to relaunch? I've been running it on my own as a direct-to-consumer business for three years, and I'm ready to produce higher quantities with better qualities and have a team behind me helping things run smoothly.  What is different about them now? They are the styles our customers know and love, with the fit and fabric perfected.  How is having such direct contact with your customers helpful? What kind of feedback have you gotten from them? The feedback from our customers has helped us to perfect the fit and focus on the styles that people want. We've been able to reproduce the styles that our customers love and reintroduce ones that they've asked for.  What’s the biggest lesson you’ve learned in working with other brands in heading up your own brands? How to reach the consumer in the most effective way and show them product in a way that will result in them purchasing it.  What do you say to people who underestimate the clout of influencers like you in creating their own brands? The proof is in the pudding, or in this case: my sales on day one.  Shop the entire collection, ranging from $185 to $250, at weworewhat.com.
 From J.Law's chic pink dress, to EmRata's tiny crop top. Stars stepped out for the annual Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic in New Jersey on June 1, 2019. From Emily Ratajkowski displaying her abs in a crop top, to Jennifer Lawrence's impeccable engagement ring dazzling the red carpet, there were so many unforgettable moments at the prestigious event. Here, some of the best looks from the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic 2019: Wearing a Rosie Assoulin dress with Chloe Gosselin sandals. Wearing a red crop top with a pencil skirt. Wearing a lilac suit with cerise pumps. Wearing an eyelet suit.  Wearing a layered blue dress. Wearing a white shirt dress with gladiator sandals. Wearing a polka dot trench dress. Wearing a pink wrap dress. Wearing a black playsuit. Wearing a white wrap dress. Wearing a floral dress with a black suit jacket. Wearing a white ruffled dress. Wearing a satin lemon dress. Wearing a short denim dress, and a yellow satin slip dress. Wearing yellow pants and a white shirt. Wearing a floral midi-dress. Wearing a revealing jumpsuit and a Lack of Color hat. Wearing a shirt dress. The A-list stars pose together at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic. 🔥
 Whether your significant other or your BFF, here are the easy gifts that she'll love.  It doesn't have to be her birthday, an anniversary or Valentine's Day to surprise your significant other or BFF with a well-thought-out gift. Actually, the gesture is even sweeter on an arbitrary Tuesday afternoon. From fresh flower bouquets to must-have accessories and beauty sets, these are the best gift ideas for every girlfriend in your life, no matter what the occasion.  Every woman needs the perfect chunky gold hoop to complete her collection.  This heady scent has made some serious waves for beauty and fragrance lovers everywhere. Give her the gift of cardamom, violet, sandalwood, and Cedarwood. What woman wouldn't appreciate the luxury of a Christian Louboutin beauty product? Have a girlfriend that enjoys the finer things in life? Surprise her with an emerging designer bag that makes a seriously chic statement.   Netflix and chill? More like Netflix and lounge, in this cozy cotton blended robe.  Nothing says "I love you" quite like delicate jewelry that twinkles.  Help her unwind and keep calm with an aesthetically pleasing diffuser; made with a gentle blend of perfumes and essences.  Starting at $54 for the bouquet pictured.  She'll be elated to come home after a long day at work to see a stunning, fresh picked bouquet on the counter.  For the up-to-date, fashionable girl in your life.  Not all gifts have to be expensive to be appreciated. If she adores taking mirror selfies, give her more details to play with.  Best friend accessories don't have to come in childlike beaded forms. Show your love and appreciation with this stunning best friend adjustable necklace.  For a gift that keeps on giving, any beauty lover will appreciate this one.  You can never go wrong with a candle. Especially when this one smells like rum and warm, sweet vanilla.  Morning coffee is essential, but a latte in this luxury mug will make her morning feel extra special.  During coffee meet ups and evening jogs, she always has on the coolest sneakers. Update her collection with this perfectly unique low-top chunky pair from Koio.  When nights are full of wine and entertaining, this cheese board makes for the perfect gift for your favorite hostess.  Have a fiery, passionate Aries in your life? Dooz is an astrology-inspired label, creating chic leather bags and tops that feature your star sign in stunning colors and modern silhouettes.  Her home is the epitome of inspiring. Add to the decor with a stunning vase from cult-favorite brand Jonathan Adler.  There's nothing more delicious or luxurious than this aesthetically pleasing millennial pink Gucci perfume.  We all know a crazy plant lady; provide her with her very own succulent. 
 Here's your chance to get ahead of the trends. Sure summer may be officially over, but that just means our warm-weather vacation planning will soon become top priority. This year Miami swim week officially got a makeover, now officially known as Paraiso. Sounds like paradise, and it was—as we were treated to a parade of the best swim looks you'll need for your first beach getaway this winter. Below, we rounded up some of our favorite looks and trends from Miami.  Skip the cut off shorts or baggy tank, and up your coverup game with these printed looks that were made for catching everyone's eye at cocktail hour. Camila It might seem like swimsuits keep getting skimpier, but Acacia embraced a sportier side of beach life, with rash-guards in every shade. Monday Swimwear made their runway debut. Belted one pieces, with sun hats and chic purses made for a very editorial beach look.   C90 positive/negative  #tropicofc #C90 #swimwear #onepiece A post shared by  TropicofC (@tropicofc) on May 2, 2018 at 7:15am PDT The ultimate bikini babe Candice Swanepoel debuted her new line at Paraiso that launched earlier this year. The collection has a little something for everyone whether you're into sporty, minimal, or retro styles.  Kisuii, the new coolest new swim brand on the block, has teamed up with Nannacay for Insta-worthy summer totes.  Mikoh brought something very new to the market 10 years ago, sexy, skimpy, seamless swim that we're still loving just as much as we did from the start. 
 Smart spending starts here—go for a complete closet overhaul with up to 50% off designer pieces.  It’s that time of year to upgrade your closet! From Attico's sultry wrap dresses to Monse's chic shirting, ShopBAZAAR's Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales will have you swooning in fashionable style. Add to your cart now before you miss the greatest finds of the season! Attico dress, $1,135 on sale for $681, shopbazaar.com SHOP No. 21 shoes, $763 on sale for $458, shopbazaar.com SHOP Nili Lotan jacket, $875 on sale for $613, shopbazaar.com SHOP Lizzie Fortunato necklace, $355 on sale for $249, shopbazaar.com SHOP Monse top, $990 on sale for $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP Chloe sandal, $595 on sale for $417, shopbazaar.com SHOP Stella McCartney dress, $880 on sale for $528, shopbazaar.com SHOP 3.1 Phillip Lim jacket, $725 on sale for $435, shopbazaar.com SHOP Rag & Bone jeans, $250 on sale for $150, shopbazaar.com SHOP Fendi bag, $3,050 on sale for $2,135, shopbazaar.com SHOP Marc Jacobs top, $495 on sale for $297, shopbazaar.com SHOP By Malene Birger skirt, $275 on sale for $165, shopbazaar.com SHOP Rochas top, $670 on sale for $402, shopbazaar.com SHOP Yosuzi hat, $390 on sale for $273, shopbazaar.com SHOP Mother jacket, $395 on sale for $277, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi dress, $995 on sale for $398, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi corset, $350 on sale for $175, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi shoes, $475 on sale for $238, shopbazaar.com SHOP Sacai dress, $605 on sale for $363, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Peruse highlights of the brand's storied legacy, from one style hit to the next. As the fashion world mourns the loss of Chanel's legendary creative director, Karl Lagerfeld, we take a look at some of his greatest moments for the fashion house. Peruse highlights of the brand's storied legacy, from one style hit to the next. Coco Chanel and her aunt in front of Chanel's first boutique. A white mousseline dress by Chanel in BAZAAR. At home on the French Riviera. Chanel photographed wearing her signature strands of pearls. Marilyn Monroe dabs on Chanel No. 5 for a photo shoot. Chanel, carrying her 2.55 bag, attends the theater in Paris. Chanel fitting actress Romy Schneider in her atelier. A model wears a classic Chanel suit. Jacqueline Kennedy in Chanel. Katharine Hepburn as Chanel in Coco on Broadway. Chanel the year before her death. Karl Lagerfeld in his first year as designer for the house. Inès de la Fressange, exclusive house model to Chanel, posing in Chanel's apartment. Jerry Hall in Chanel Haute Couture. Naomi Campbell in the Spring 1992 couture show. Claudia Schiffer in Chanel. Stella Tennant in Chanel's Spring 2002 show. Jean-Paul Goude's portrait of Lagerfeld with Linda Evangelista, the "bride" in his Fall 2003 couture show, in BAZAAR. Amanda Harlech and Lagerfeld at Monaco's Rose Ball. Marge Simpson "models" Chanel couture in BAZAAR. Models walk among icebergs at the Fall 2010 show. De la Fressange in the Spring 2011 show. Chanel takes on the world in the Fall 2013 show at Paris's Grand Palais. Models grocery shop at the Chanel Shopping Center, the set of the Fall 2014 show. Gisele Bundchen stars in the latest No. 5 campaign, lensed by Baz Luhrmann. Cara Delevingne and Pharrell portray Empress Elisabeth of Austria and Franz Joseph I, Emperor of Austria, in a short film created to celebrate Chanel's Metiers d'Art show in Salzburg. Lily-Rose Depp follows in the footsteps of mother Vanessa Paradis as a brand ambassador. Lagerfeld transformed the runway into a Chanel atelier for the Fall/Winter fashion show during Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week.  Chanel Airlines became the chicest form of travel when models walked around a runway made to look like an airport for the Spring/Summer 2016 show.  The fashion house hit new heights when Lagerfeld created Chanel Space Station inside Paris's iconic Grand Palai for the Fall 2017 collection. 
 The One Where We All Max Out Our Credit Cards.  As every Friends fan knows, one of the best parts of the '90s sitcom was Rachel Green's wardrobe. From her wedding dress introduction in the pilot episode to her streamlined, high-fashion wardrobe in the final seasons, the Central Perk waitress-turned-Ralph Lauren employee helped define some of the decade's top trends (and hairstyles). And now, 25 years after the show's debut, Ralph Lauren is releasing a collection inspired by her iconic style. For a span of several seasons, Jennifer Aniston's character famously worked as a publicist at Ralph Lauren. The American designer even made a cameo in Season 6, appearing in a scene while riding next to Rachel [Aniston] on an elevator. To pay homage to the brand's role in the series, Ralph Lauren partnered with Warner Bros. Consumer Products on a "wear-to-work collection" inspired by Rachel's character.   Perfectly embodying the style of Rachel Green, the collection includes a range of ribbed turtlenecks, a plaid miniskirt, leather separates, classic white shirting, and leather knee-high boots. There are also pops of leopard and purple shearling, paying tribute to some of the character's more playful fashion moments along the years.  The collection, which ranges from $69 to $2,998, includes pieces from both the Polo and Lauren Ralph Lauren brands. It's available to shop now online at ralphlauren.com, but will also fittingly be sold at Bloomingdale's (another company Rachel Green worked for on Friends). On September 21 and 22, Bloomingdale's 59th Street flagship store will have a replica of the show's Central Perk coffee shop on-site, where customers can shop the collection and sip a cup of complimentary coffee. 
 From Gucci to Loewe...it's the most sustainable way to shop, after all The current market for second-hand clothing is appraised at approximately $24 billion dollars. With OGs like eBay , powerhouses like The Real Real, Euro-based Vestiaire Collective, and bag-obsessed Rebag leading the way, the assortment is just getting chicer and broader. While we prefer the terms vintage or resale, no matter what you call it, we'll take Vuitton, The Row, Loewe, and more for just a couple hundred bucks any day. Shop 12 pieces currently up for grabs online—for now... This little baby can go from brunch bag to evening bag, and was basically made for the 'gram.  A leather trench is in our current top three must-haves, get a really, really good one. We've had our eye on this 18K diamond zipper ring for ages, we'll happily take it at half off retail.   This slightly sheer size 2 skirt by brand-of-the-moment Khaite is ideal for holiday fetes. This size 36 jacket is a total forever piece.  A little pinstripe jumpsuit that can handle a button-down underneath for work and heels and hoops for evening sounds like a plan.  One of the sweetest bags-to-have now from an up-and-coming designer, priced a little less. A classic cat-eye by one of the greats that you'll wear forever. We don't even understand how someone parted with them in the first place. This little designer vintage number looks like so many current chic designer goods, for markedly less.  Escada vintage jacket, size 38, ebay.com. SHOP NOW Still a cute go-to, get in the medium-sized saddle for less than retail.   This Tom Ford-era Gucci dress will give you your best Kate Moss in the 90s life. Vintage Gucci dress, $130, ebay.com. SHOP NOW With Bottega's star rising, we predict this Campana Hobo Intrecciato large tote is only going to increase in value. Haven't you heard, handbag futures are all the rage.
 Meet "Living Coral," a color that symbolizes our need for optimism. We can all probably agree that 2018 hasn't been the best of years, for reasons I likely don't have to list out here. But with just a few weeks left until 2019, Pantone is hoping to usher some positivity into all of our lives in the New Year. To do so, the color company has declared "Living Coral," as its 2019 Color of the Year.  "Symbolizing our innate need for optimism and joyful pursuits, Living Coral embodies our desire for playful expression," the company explained of its color choice.  Living Coral, which Pantone describes as "an animating and life-affirming shade of orange with a golden undertone," is meant to provide us with "comfort and buoyancy in our continually shifting environment"—similar to how coral reefs provide shelter and protection to their ocean habitats. In other words, if you're stressing out over the news and toxicity of social media (ahem, pretty much all of us), Pantone hopes this pretty hue will make you feel a little more optimistic. Ideal for spring fashion along with beauty, home decor, and even the latest iPhone, Living Coral will likely take over as a color trend in more than one sector for 2019. It's also worth noting that the shade isn't too far off from millennial pink, the color that's dominated all arenas over the last few years, despite Pantone's other forecasting predictions. Living Coral follows Ultra-Violet, which was Pantone's Color of the Year in 2018 and Greenery, which was the Color of the Year for 2017. 
 The 15-year-old makes her modeling debut.  The Stranger Things kids are no strangers when it comes to the fashion world (sorry it's Friday afternoon, let me have this bad pun moment).  Fourteen-year-old Millie Bobby Brown already has a Calvin Klein campaign under her belt, 16-year-old Caleb McLaughlin sat front row at New York Fashion Week, and every single one of the teens has consistently slayed on the red carpet. But now, Season 2 newbie Sadie Sink is getting in on the fashion action too.  The 15-year-old made her runway debut today walking Undercover's Fall 2018 show at Paris Fashion Week. Wearing a monochromatic red look, Sink opened the show in a hoodie, jogging pants, sneakers, and a matching crystal-embellished beanie. The appearance marked her first gig as a runway model. Though Undercover's designer, Jun Takahashi, was inspired by "eternal youth" for his Fall 2018 collection, it should be noted that the fashion industry has a general rule not to cast models under the age of 16 on the runway—making 15-year-old Sink's catwalk debut a controversial casting choice. The CFDA, LVMH, and Kering have all pledged not to work with any runway models under 16 years of age in order to protect young models from unsafe working conditions. While Sink may already be an established actress, her casting in the show is still slightly problematic.  Of course, this is likely just the beginning of the young actress's foray in the fashion world. The teenager has already starred in several editorials and landed a spot in a Miu Miu campaign.   So honored to be in the #MiuMiuWhispers campaign. A post shared by  Sadie Sink (@sadiesink_) on Dec 16, 2017 at 1:30pm PST Expect to see more of Sadie Sink—but let's save the runway appearances until after her 16th birthday, shall we? 
 Couture is stunning—and it's even better on dogs. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Designer Anthony Rubio showed us his latest couture collection for our four-legged friends—and it's absolutely incredible. Watch all the posh puppy moments above, and let canine couture become your newest obsession. 
 These updated ankle boots will give your wardrobe a much-needed refresh. Boot lovers, welcome back. It may be summertime, but that doesn't mean your beloved footwear has to be discarded at the back of your closet. This season, and the upcoming, there is a plethora of killer ankle boots for every aesthetic: printed, combat, embossed, trendy, classic...the list goes on and on. With varying styles and price points, these 16 elevated ankle boots are just as practical as they are stylish.  Two trends are better than one with this deep navy, croc-effect leather ankle boot from cult-favorite brand Ganni.   Leave it to By Far to create the perfect off-white block heeled boot that'll compliment every maxi dress in your closet.  It's time to add aeydē to your radar. The emerging brand sources its handcrafted shoes from a generational Italian factory, and you can tell by the details.  Apply your leopard print skirt obsession to move further south with this affordable, trendy chelsea boot.   If you haven't heard of Cross Walk yet, you're welcome in advance. These unique, buttery boots feature a varnished effect and a futuristic heel.  See By Chloé's iteration of the combat boot doubles as a rainy city sock protector and PVC upgrade to your standard black boot. This particular boot has gained a cult following thanks to its versatility and comfort. Because of its soft fabric and '70s appeal, you'll receive compliments everywhere you go.  For a cool, modern twist on a classic suede bootie; this Isabel Marant pair has an unstructured silhouette.  Reike Nen is making waves; and for good reason. This boot can carry you through every season—from a mini leopard dress in the summer to a pair of leather shorts in the fall. Snakeskin is one of the most pervasive trends of today, rivaling both leopard and zebra. Dive right in to the trend with a pair of Joie's show-stopping western-inspired booties.  Done in a sleek, two-toned kitten heel, this Givenchy option is a fresh take on the Chelsea boot.  For an easy-to-style rain boot that won't break the bank.  If luxury is what you're after, look no further.  Opt for a comfortable white pair; it'll carry you through the entire season.   Every well-curated wardrobe requires a simple, classic boot. 
 Stock up on LBDs and dresses for the rest of summer.  Between Amazon Prime Day and Nordstrom’s Anniversary Sale, no one’s credit cards are safe from the influx of sales this week. But I regret (not really) to inform you and your wallet that there’s one more sale to add to the list—and it’s a BIG one. Rent the Runway's seasonal online sample sale starts today and it features designer pieces up to 80% off. From Tibi to Opening Ceremony, and LoveShackFancy, there's a crop of It brands to shop for way less. Whether you're looking for cocktail dresses, sundresses, looks for upcoming weddings, or a new LBD, these are the pieces to scoop up from the RTR sale before they sell out. Original retail price: $495  The ring detail will make this sexy LBD stand out from the rest of your collection.  Original retail price: $375  Wear it with white sneakers or sandals, but either way this gingham dress will be your go-to for the rest of summer.  Original retail price: $295 A last-minute summer addition to your dress collection—this little white dress works for the office and the weekend.  Original Retail Price: $255  If you haven't tried this Insta-favorite brand yet, now's your chance to get the look for way less.  Original retail price: $550 A little black dress that's anything but boring.  Original retail price: $965 A vintage-inspired midi dress for your next evening event.  Original retail price: $877 Whether you're going to brunch or a summer wedding, this asymmetrical floral dress makes for a fresh look.  Original retail price: $179 One of summer's hottest color's, bright orange, looks best in midi dress form. Original retail price: $150 Dress it up or dress it down, the white stitching makes this LBD stand out.  Original retail price: $395 A little white dress that works in every season. Original retail price: $1,980 A flattering, pleated dress to keep in your collection for last minute cocktail parties or backup wedding guest attire.  Original retail price: $325 Your summer wardrobe needs this slip dress. Just add a pair of white sneakers and go.  Original retail price: $395 A smart find to add to your work wardrobe.  Original retail price: $195 You never know when you're going to need an elegant red cocktail dress for an impromptu soiree.  Original retail price: $495 The perfect summer office dress.  Original retail price: $395 A cherry print dress to give your summer wardrobe a little boost halfway through the season. Original retail price: $695 A chic navy hue for when you need a break from all your LBDs. Plus, the ruffles make this form-fitting dress even more flattering.  Original retail price: $475 Take a break from your go-to blue denim jacket for this floral iteration on the wardrobe classic. Original retail price: $1,585 The perfect wedding guest gown to keep in your closet for future events.  Original retail price: $595 Wear it with sneakers or sandals, to the office or your weekend parties. Original retail price: $595 Sometimes less is more. That's definitely the case with this Jason Wu pleated tank dress that can be dressed up with heels or down with sneakers. 
 Several male models have claimed they were sexually exploited by the photographers. A new expose by The New York Times, released Saturday, recounts the testimonies of 28 former and current models who claim they were sexually exploited by fashion photographers Mario Testino and Bruce Weber. The allegations span from the 1990s to the present day, and allege that both photographers used their standing in the fashion world to sexually manipulate, molest, abuse, and coerce the male models they worked with. Of the 15 male models who have accused Weber, one in particular, Robyn Sinclair, told The New York Times, "I remember him putting his fingers in my mouth, and him grabbing my privates. We never had sex or anything, but a lot of things happened. A lot of touching. A lot of molestation." And of the shocking allegations against Weber, the publication wrote that "The men recalled, with remarkable consistency, private sessions with Mr. Weber in which he asked them to undress and led them through breathing and 'energy' exercises. Models were asked to breathe and to touch both themselves and Mr. Weber, moving their hands wherever they felt their 'energy.' Often, Mr. Weber guided their hands with his own." "I remember him putting his fingers in my mouth, and him grabbing my privates," a male model said of Bruce Weber. "He was a sexual predator," another model said of Mario Testino. https://t.co/eJRtNOfbVn According to The New York Times, 13 men who have worked with Testino have said that "he subjected them to sexual advances that in some cases included groping and masturbation." A former Gucci model called Jason Fedele alleges, "If you wanted to work with Mario, you needed to do a nude shoot at the Chateau Marmont. All the agents knew that this was the thing to excel or advance your career." Weber responded to the allegations in a statement released by his lawyer, and said, "I'm completely shocked and saddened by the outrageous claims being made against me, which I absolutely deny." Testino's lawyer also responded, claiming that the models The New York Times had spoken to "cannot be considered reliable sources." In December 2017, a male model brought a law suit against Weber claiming sexual harassment. Weber denied all of the allegations brought against him in the complaint. 
From: ELLE US

 Who says you can't go holiday shopping for yourself? Yes, we're in the midst of holiday gift shopping season, but who says you can't pick up a few presents for yourself too? Shopbop's 48-hour sale is here—but only until the end of Thursday, December 13. Act fast and stock up your fall and winter wardrobe with these must-have pieces from the sale. Click through to shop some of our favorites.  Originally $165 Printed turtlenecks are quickly rising as every fashion girl's new winter favorite. This tiger print style, which can be worn tucked into jeans or a midi skirt, gets the look just right.  Originally $498 The perfect pair of knee-high boots to carry you through the rest of winter.  Originally $290 A last-minute Christmas dress that you'll wear well beyond the holiday season.  Originally $98 Now's the time to score Levi's classic jeans at nearly 50% off.  Originally $860 This wrap-style top will become a chic essential in your wardrobe—score it now for 50% off.  Originally $575  There's a reason celebs are so obsessed with these Stuart Weitzman booties—they make for a sleek way to top off any outfit. And they're currently on sale in three different colors—black, red, and tan.  Originally $700 This shape of bag has been taking over as every fashion girl's new favorite and we don't see it going anywhere anytime soon. Originally $495 A classic faux fur chubby will be your winter savior.  Originally $150 Style them with a pair of blue jeans for an instantly chic look.  Originally $795 Now's the time of year to find the best deals on a good trench coat that will last you for years to come.  Originally $195 Upgrade your accessory game with these mini gold lockets.  Originally $615  Add a pair of slouchy knee-high boots and a belt and this animal print dress is an instant look that can be worn from winter through spring.  Originally  $395 Furry accents have been one of our favorite breakout handbag trends of the year—and this mini bag from Staud is the perfect way to try the look.  Originally $650  Prepare to receive all the compliments on this '80s-inspired blazer.  Originally $195 This ribbed top can be worn year-round tucked into your favorite pair of jeans.  Originally $88 Give your go-to hoops a break with these ruby tortoise earrings by Cult Gaia.  Originally $115 For those not into beanies or knit winter hats, this leather cap makes the perfect alternative.  Originally $148 If you're stocking up on more turtlenecks, a cut-out style is one to add to your collection this season. 
 Your "Wild Thoughts" may have just been realized. After the multi-million dollar success of her Fenty beauty collection, it's apt that Rihanna would consider expanding her brand into other entrepreneurial routes. In an unforeseen yet fitting retail move, Rihanna is reportedly stepping into the lingerie business to launch her own line of intimates, according to WWD. The full details of RiRi's rumored underwear label are still undisclosed, but TechStyle Fashion Group (formerly JustFab)—the parent company behind Kate Hudson's activewear collection, Fabletics, and other subscription shopping sites like ShoeDazzle and JustFab—has reportedly struck a deal with Rihanna for an exclusive collection of undergarments. Reps for Rihanna and TechStyle have yet to comment on the claim, but some sources told WWD that TechStyle has been working to bring the project to fruition for more than a year, and design samples have already been produced. Likely citing the unequivocal and rapid successes of Rihanna's Fenty Beauty line and Fenty x Puma collaboration, WWD reports that a RiRi-labeled lingerie line may be a strategic effort for TechStyle to gain revenue by rounding out its product offerings and show growth ahead of going public and filing for IPO.  Lloyd Greif, president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles investment bank Greif & Co, told WWD that "the Rihanna brand play would be to convince the market that the company [TechStyle] has strong growth ahead because IPOs are all about growth ahead.” Rihanna has already shown us how quickly her brand can make money without sacrificing diversity. Her inclusive Fenty Beauty makeup line just launched in September, but it's already on track to outsell Kylie Jenner's buzzworthy Kylie Cosmetics brand, which is two year old.  While we're still waiting on any official confirmation regarding the specifics of the collection or the anticipated launch date, it's looking like your future favorite bra could be a BadGal RiRi original.
 Liberation was in the air when Tony Mazzola took the helm of Bazaar in 1972. His two-decade reign would see thebirth of feminism, the rise of celebrity culture, and the return of American glamour. By the time Anthony T. Mazzola was named editor in chief of Harper’s Bazaar in 1972, the magazine was already wrestling with a major sociological shift. “Liberation” was the catchword to describe the impact of feminism, but the conversations that surrounded the issues of marriage, careers, and motherhood were changing in ways that the magazine had only just begun to address. With the war in Vietnam and the country heading for an economic recession, there was a strong sense of the present in fashion. In November 1973, at the beginning of Mazzola’s second year at Bazaar, upstart American designers duked it out with French heavyweights at the Battle of Versailles, a charity fashion show held to raise money for the palace’s restoration. And women like Lauren Hutton and Ali MacGraw were defining a new wave of free-spirited, effortless American style.  As an editor, the New Jersey–born Mazzola was a polymath, with well-cultivated tastes in art and photography. He’d worked as a commercial artist while attending night school at Cooper Union in Manhattan. After being drafted into the Army, he served in military intelligence throughout World War II while stationed in New Guinea and the Philippines, earning a Bronze Star. He later returned to New York, and in 1948, at the age of 25, was hired to be the art director at Hearst’s Town & Country by the magazine’s editor, Henry Sell, who had edited Bazaar in the 1920s.  Mazzola became the editor of Town & Country in 1965 and, over the next several years, funneled his curiosities into the magazine. Town & Country became a lively paean to old money, high society, Hollywood, haute fashion, lavish living, and modern art, and it teemed with stellar photography, publishing the work of Richard Avedon, Jerry Schatzberg, and Mazzola’s friend Slim Aarons, among others.  In 1971, a long advertising decline, coupled with a slide in circulation, prompted Hearst executives to hire Women’s Wear Daily executive James Brady to serve as both the editorial director and publisher of Bazaar. A brusque former marine from Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, Brady—who was brought in over longtime editor Nancy White—made his presence felt swiftly and decisively as he set to work transforming the magazine into a fashionable news monthly. His remake was sweeping in scope, aimed at infusing Bazaar with hard-hitting journalism and immediacy. Issues were built around themes like “Politics ’72” and “Gossip vs. Privacy.” Stories featuring Washington and the media were intermingled with dispatches from the cultural chattering class. Brady did away with what he referred to in his 1974 book, Superchic, as “pious little essays on elegance, saccharine poetry, and fiction that had earlier been rejected at other, higher-paying outlets.” He also banished fashion models in favor of “real” people and personalities, whom the magazine photo-graphed in more “relatable” situations (for instance, chasing a cab down the street). Under Brady, Bazaar also delved into the one subject its founding publisher, Fletcher Harper, had considered verboten: politics. Bazaar coaxed playwright Tennessee Williams to pen an article about the nature of dissent in a country fractured by the Vietnam War; profiled Gloria Steinem just before the launch of her feminist magazine, Ms.; and published a controversial photograph of actress Faye Dunaway in bed with her unshaven armpit exposed. Despite all this, Brady’s reimagining of Bazaar didn’t connect with readers or advertisers. The arrangement with White didn’t last long either. Though she’d remained cordial through the transition, she resigned three months later. Soon Brady was gone too, and the experiment ended after 14 months.  As for Mazzola, his eclectic tastes would prove useful at Bazaar. He liked to describe it as “the fashion magazine with a little salt and pepper added,” and under his watch, its appetites were omnivorous: Pieces on artists and other influential figures ran alongside stories on celebrities and careers. Nevertheless, his version of Bazaar represented a clean break from Brady’s; it was engineered to be popular, and for Mazzola that meant putting the focus back on fashion.  One of Mazzola’s first hires was Carrie Donovan.With her oversize black glasses and pearls, Donovan was a fashion editor in the Diana Vreeland mold; in fact, before joining Bazaar she had been' Vreeland’s top deputy at Vogue. But while Donovan had an undeniable flair for the fantastical, she had a populist touch too, and brought an accessibility and ease to Bazaar’s fashion pages. Even if their lives appeared fabulous, the women in the magazine lived in their clothes, and looks from the runways were translated in wearable ways. As the country slouched into an economic slump and affordability was a factor, Bazaar devoted features to seasonless fashion and “Clothes You Can Bank On” to provide good value. Mazzola also introduced age as a franchise; issues with cover lines like “Over-40 & Fabulous” became a well-received staple.  Visually, Mazzola brought more traditional fashion photography back to the magazine. Pictures by Bill King and Rico Puhlmann brimmed with warmth and energy, as models smiled, jumped, ran, and skipped on sandy beaches. Images of society people and up-and-coming jet-setters were presented with polish but also an unstudied intimacy, and high glamour was rendered with sophistication. Perhaps the biggest star of the early Mazzola years was the Japanese American photographer Hiro, whose pioneering use of color and often arresting juxtapositions were both wildly inventive and brazenly suggestive.  The Studio 54 era ushered in a more cosmopolitan view of fashion and, with it, Halston. His chic, minimalist clothes were worn by Liza Minnelli, Bianca Jagger, and Elizabeth Taylor, and his friendship with Minnelli, a defining one for the period, held special significance for Bazaar. Kay Thompson, a singer and author (and Minnelli’s godmother) who played a character inspired by Vreeland in the film Funny Face, was cajoled by Bazaar fashion editor D.D. Ryan into writing the Eloise books, rumored to be based on Liza. It was Thompson who’d introduced Minnelli to Halston, and he soon became Minnelli’s confidant and personal-style adviser. The notion of living well in the mid-1970s had a lot to do with physical and emotional fitness. Bazaar’s paragon of beauty at the time was Cheryl Tiegs, whose golden California glow and athletic outdoorsiness made her the perfect avatar for health and wellness. But the glitz of the disco era would prove a harbinger of things to come. By the end of the decade, glamour was back, as was the economy, and as the ’80s beckoned, celebrity, wealth, and careerism began to play a central role in fashion. In the Reagan years, the notion of simply wanting more wouldn’t be enough. Success—and fashion—would be determined by having it all. This article originally appeared in the August 2017 issue of Harper's Bazaar.  
 The City of Light brought some major drama to the catwalk.  From CHANEL to Alexander McQueen, we take a look at some of the best runway moments from the Spring 2018 collections at Paris Fashion Week.
 From a fresh to death blazer, to a chunky knit and trousers, and a slip dress with elegance to spare. There's no faster way to look unapologetically fresh to death than pairing white on white. This wintry look is achievable in countless iterations—from elegant evening ensembles to lightened up knitwear, and  killer white boot looks. Take notes from the street style set and shop the looks.   An interesting cotton shirt dress done up in white is season-less and endlessly versatile—an option that's smart for evening and for the office. Kowtow dress, $147, asos.com. SHOP NOW White trousers and a heavy gauge knit are the perfect winter white combo.  Isabel Marant sweater, $740, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW When has a great jumpsuit ever been a bad idea? All white just elevates it that much more—pair with cowboy boots for a look that's so right now. Orseund Iris jumpsuit, $595, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Take note from Caroline Daur and mix a party skirt with a smart blouse.  Sally LaPointe skirt, $2,550, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW An elegant trouser can be dressed up or down by sporting a blazer or an oversized knit. Vince pants, $345, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW A pretty, lady-like jacket will take you miles—worn with everything from denim to mini skirts, depending on your mood. Rebecca de Ravenel jacket, $657, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW  A fabulous white boot is the exact outfit game-changer you need now. The higher than better. Tibi boots, $597, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW A major teddy coat will keep you warm, and make an Aspen-worthy entrance wherever you are. Fuzz not Fur coat, $1,195, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Winter white is at its best for evening—try a slip dress with a matching floor-length coat a la Rosie Huntington Whiteley. Olivia von Halle slip dress, $445, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Is there anything cooler and more Bianca Jagger—and Victoria Beckham—worthy than a tailored white jacket and pants? Blaze Milano jacket, $1,865, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW
 Lola Rykiel, Sonia Rykiel's granddaughter, taps into her fashion DNA for a fun new athleisure line. Athleisure brands tend to follow the same formula—minimal, with some cutouts on leggings, something cropped, a lot of black. Lola Rykiel is shaking up the status quo with a bold new athleisure collection, called Pompom, inspired by her famed designer grandmother, the late Sonia Rykiel, and her past as a ballerina under the instruction of the inimitable Martha Graham. "The collection incorporates the velours that my grandmother loved as well as stretch Lycra materials and playful detailing," Rykiel explains, referring in part to a basketball jersey complete with mermaid-esque paillettes.   The collection, which hits retail in November, also includes biker shorts, bold pops of pink, and pieces that would look just as at home out for a chic dinner as post-barre class. Hear more from Rykiel about her new venture and see the full lookbook, shot on location of Sonia Rykiel's apartment in Paris, below.  Lola Rykiel: I started when I was a little girl in Paris. One of Sonia's younger sisters, my Aunt Janine, had a ballet school called Stanlowa. It still exists now. It is a real  institution in Paris! I started when I was 3 or 4, like most little French girls. I continued until I was 10 and then switched to different styles—modern jazz, contemporary, et cetera, tap dance. I did a long break and took it more seriously after I was 17 and enrolled in the Martha Graham School in NYC a few years later.  I feel like now working out is more and more part of everyday life, not only for ex-dancers like me but as well for a lot of women. I saw it when I was living in NYC obviously, where everyone goes to yoga, Pilates, cycling, running before or after work, but now that I am back in France, I noticed how much more French women are working out and are being much less timid about it.  I felt a bit frustrated with what was available. I wish it was a bit more fun, glamorous, but still comfy and good to move in. I don't want to be ashamed if I bumped into someone I know after a workout, because I just don't have a cute outfit. Pompon means "tassels" in French, but with an American twist. My grandmother used to put pompons everywhere—on the shoes, the sweaters, her drawings, packed the presents she will give us for birthdays. I loved the way she pronounced it too. It is synonymous of childhood for me and very nostalgic.  Then growing up in Paris, I was fascinated by American high school culture that I saw in movies like Grease.  I wanted to be a cheerleader with a uniform and have some  pompoms too! But in France, there is no such thing—same for lockers at school or diners with milkshakes and waitress with Rollerblades.  I always loved watching the dance outfits, the total pale pink look of the little ballerina at the dance school with her little bun and the modern dancers during rehearsals wearing tights, a leotard, and a huge conformable trousers rolled up to the knees, or a large sweaters to keep warm.  I love the in-between-look moment, not the actual outfit that the performer will wear for the show. I was as well inspired as well by the velours of my childhood, the one that my grandmother did so well and that so many women around me and in the world loved. My mother, aunts, cousins used to wear velours at home. It was a way of being chic and relaxed. Well, in so many different ways. I like the idea of being sophisticated and accessible—she was one of the first to do prêt-à-porter. I like the idea of not taking yourself too seriously. It is only clothes at the end of the day, not open-heart surgery—and what I love is the idea of clothes serving us rather than us fitting into clothes. 
 Space-age silhouettes and high-tech metallics make up the fashion of the future.  Stella Maxwell explores a not-too-distant future filled with space-age silhouettes, high-tech metallics, and delivery drones. Akris jacket, $3,990, and skirt, $1,990, akris.com; JW Anderson earrings, $440, jwanderson.com; Jimmy Choo shoes, $675, jimmychoo.com. BEAUTY BAZAAR: Clarins Super Restorative Décolleté and Neck Concentrate smooths and firms your décolletage ($108). Céline dress, $2,350, celine.com; Manuel Albarran helmet, $700, manuelalbarran.com; Tom Ford Sandals, $1,990, similar styles available at tomford.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: A few drops of Chantecaille Rose de Mai Body Oil provides an otherworldly sheen ($95). Dolce & Gabbana top, $3,695, and bottom, $3,995, dolcegabbana.com; Manuel Albarran visor, $700, manuelalbarran.com; Alexander Wang boots, $850, alexanderwang.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Neutrogena Hydro Boost Hydrating Serumboldly moisturizes like no serum has before ($20). Prada top, $1,350, camisole, $690, skirt, $14,170, and necklace and shoes, price upon request, prada.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Olay Eyes Ultimate Eye Cream helps brighten your visionary eyes ($27). Louis Vuitton jacket and top, price upon request, louisvuitton.com; JW Anderson earrings, $210, jwanderson.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Reveal cosmically silky skin with St. Ives Apricot Fresh Skin Body Scrub ($5). Saint Laurent by Anthony Vacarello dress, price upon request, and boots, $8,500, ysl.com; Jennifer Fisher earrings, $395, jenniferfisher.com. BEAUTY BAZAAR: OGX Argan Oil of Morocco Weightless Healing Dry Oil gives hair futuristic shine ($8). Dundas by Peter Dundas jumpsuit, $3,500, bergdorfgoodman.com; Giuseppe Zanotti booties, $1,075, similar styles available at giuseppezanotti.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Get the softest legs in the galaxy withPeter Thomas Roth Mega-Rich Body Cleanser ($20.)  Balmain dress, $36,210, balmain.com; Giuseppe Zanotti sandals, $845, giuseppezanotti.com.  Chanel coat, $24,550, swimsuit top and bottom, $350 each, and choker, $1,500, chanel.com; Stuart Weitzman boots, $575, stuartweitzman.com.   Burberry trench coat, $3,595, similar styles available at burberry.com; Charlotte Chesnais earrings, $415, charlottechesnais.com; Stella Luna boots, $882, stellaluna.co. BEAUTY BAZAAR: Pond's Crema S Nourishing Moisturizing Creamis your complexion's hydrating best friend ($8).  Giorgio Armani dress, $6,795, giorgioarmani.com; Manuel Albarran neckpiece, $300, manuelalbarran.com; Salvatore Ferragamo boots, price upon request, ferragamo.com.   Model: Stella Maxwell; Hair: Christopher Appleton; Makeup: Lottie for YSL Beauty; Production: Joey Battaglia for Rosco Production; Prop Styling: Gille Mills; Drone Operator: Dominic Bendijo for Black Pond. Special thanks to Tesla. 
 It's the gift that gives every month. From chunky knits to leather galore, here's what to scoop up quick.  An exec from the company confirmed the news.   The combat trend is up to fifty percent off. Dive right in...  From brands that have our earth-friendly seal of approval. We prefer being referred to as 'particular' over 'high-maintenance.' Keep it warm, keep it cool... Sleek and fun ensembles that pack a sartorial punch, but won't leave you feeling the winter chill.  The holiday gifts she won't want to return.  Want to up your gift-giving game? It’s an art really. Who doesn't want to travel comfortably—and in style?  Starting November 18, RTR customers can drop off their rentals at 30 Nordstrom locations. We're tracking the in-demand model's off-duty style.  Forget basic black—this winter, it’s all about color and volume. Take a look at some of the singer, beauty mogul, and designer's best looks over the years. The functional looks that don't sacrifice style. The gift that lasts every day of the holiday season.  Mimi Cuttrell's collection has all the '90s power vibes her clients love. Party dress season is here.  The brand's trademarked chocolate diamonds have been worn by Rihanna, Madonna, Jennifer Lopez, and Taylor Swift. From designer AirPod cases to all the coolest new gadgets.  Plus links to buy now, of course... “What is time?” is officially the new “what is camp?” The insider’s guide to choosing the right pair of frames.
 The influencer talks self-love, body confidence, and summer styling tips.  Katie Sturino, founder of the body-positive fashion blog The 12ish Style, has teamed up with popular styling service Stitch Fix to create a 21-piece collection of the must-have pieces for your summer wardrobe. Sturino, known for her colorful and whimsical style, is targeting the everyday woman who wants to add some more fun elements to her closet. "I find that fast fashion is much safer than high fashion. So I wanted to bring a little bit more of that high fashion feel to a lower price point, without making it garbage," she says.    The Megababe founder regularly champions size inclusivity, which is why it's no surprise that a large size range is a key component of her capsule collection. Available in sizes 0–24 and XS–3X, the Katie Sturino x Stitch Fix collaboration is also affordably priced ($54 - $98), making it accessible for all kinds of budgets. Although she's previously collaborated with Eloquii and Veronica Beard, Sturino recalls being "blown away" by Stitch Fix's operation. "They had a person on their fit team who was doing things with plus-size fits that I have never seen before—really showing factories how a woman's body moves, and just very different than anything I had seen," she explains.  When asked who she would love to see dressed in the capsule collection, Sturino gets excited at the thought of her muse, Italian fashion editor Giovanna Battaglia, potentially wearing something she created. "Also, I would love to dress Aidy Bryant because I know I've experienced first-hand the struggles she's had when finding cool clothes. I feel like she would really like the line," says Sturino. Coinciding with the collection's debut, Sturino sat down with BAZAAR.com to discuss self-love, body confidence, and her favorite summer styling tips.  Harper's BAZAAR: You're all about female empowerment and self-love. Tell us about your journey to self-acceptance as a woman who isn't a sample size. Katie Sturino: I started out confident, and over time and life experience, this is pretty raw, but you get a little beaten down, and life takes you down. It's up to you to say, "Hold on a second, let me figure out exactly who the hell I am and stand up and be that person." Because if you put yourself in the dryer cycle of life, you can just get thrown around and lost. It's up to you to do the work. It's up to you to do what makes you happy, what doesn't make you happy, and sometimes those choices are really hard. And they require change—a new relationship, moving cities, moving jobs–but the reward beyond that is so big. That's the thing where a lot of women get lost. They feel like happiness comes from an external place—it's when they're gonna meet a partner, when they're gonna have a baby—none of that makes you happy.  HB: What suggestions do you have for women who struggle to feel confident in their clothing daily? KS: Self-confidence comes from accepting yourself. I think it's all about turning the lens inward. Wear what makes you happy. Don't wear what makes you feel safe; don't wear what makes you feel "flattered." Flattering, I hate that word. If style and clothes stress you out, then that's where something like a personal stylist or Stitch Fix can help you find your style, so you're comfortable. HB: Why you don't like the word flattering? KS: I don't like the word flattering. I've heard it so many times ("It wasn't very flattering on you"). You hear that a lot, and it's annoying because you're standing there and you love it. And what is flattering, anyway? Flattering, I think, means small, thin. I understand that it is pretty much what people have to cling to and to understand if something looks good or not, but as we go forward, I would like to find other ways we can talk about what we're wearing. HB: On your blog and Instagram, you created the series #supersizethelook. What inspired you to start this movement? KS: It's something I did because I wanted to show women that they could pull off "thin woman stuff."  Because people are like, "I love Kylie Jenner, but I could never wear that." So I'm just trying to show by example, and eliminate the "I could never wear that" vibe. HB: Along with size inclusivity, how would you like to see the fashion industry innovate and better champion diversity?  KS: I think we're in a moment of tokenism right now, to an extent. Which is better than where we were, [but] it's not as great as where we're going. I'd like to see people who are selected to represent different brands because of something–because of what they stand for, their relationship with a brand, or that they embody the spirit of the brand. I want to see more of that and less of the "We need to cast an Asian girl." Then in turn, as we evolve these campaigns and the messaging, people need to be less call-out culture as we move forward. I want it to be less angry every time there is an attempt at diversity. HB: Now that it's officially summer, what are some of your fashion staples this season? KS: Birkenstocks and caftans, which is why we made three of them. I will be wearing a lot of headbands this summer because you can wear your hair back, but it’s like you have something. I typically like light jewelry in the summer. I just get really hot. HB: You've designed collections, inspired women with your blog, and founded your wellness line Megababe. What do you hope to check off your bucket list next? KS: I think there's something in fitness. I think it's coming for me. I think the Stitch Fix collection is major because we're doing four of them, so we get to dip into all of our dreams and fantasies for clothes we can't find. And again, maybe making more staple clothes and less trend-driven clothes. I'm hoping these are pieces people will keep in their closets.  Check out the full collection below. 

 You can easily copy this outfit with pieces from your closet.   This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Summer temperatures can be brutal. You sweat the moment you step out of the house, and sometimes, it's simply too hot to wear pants. Sure, maxi and sundresses were made for situations like the latter, but Emily Ratajkowski has an easy DIY alternative you can whip right out of your closet. All you need is an oversize button-down and a belt. The 28-year-old model was spotted in New York City yesterday wearing a white button-down cinched with a chain belt by Black & Brown at the waist. She rolled up the sleeves to her elbows and kept a few buttons undone to reveal a variety of layered gold necklaces dangling at her chest. To complete her chic spin on the Risky Business look, Ratajkowski sported white sneakers, cat-eye sunglasses, Jennifer Fisher hoop earrings, and a snakeskin shoulder bag.    The simple ensemble is reminiscent of  a look Carrie Bradshaw donned in Sex and the City, featuring one of Mr. Big's shirts and a Hermès belt. It's equal parts effortless, resourceful, and chic. We wonder if EmRata stole her shirt from hubby Sebastian Bear-McClard's closet.    This oft-requested outfit really distills Carrie down to her purest form - improbable chic. It certainly is her most resourceful outfit of the series. The use of Mr. Big’s crisp white button-down (no doubt Brioni) and his Hermès belt to highlight her waist is pure genius. Perpetually on-trend, Carrie’s knack for deconstructing and elevating basics anticipates the design ethos of the Vetements collective, further reinforced by the excessive sleeve and belt length. Only Carrie could turn this sartorial tragedy (a ruined Richard Tyler bias-cut dress) into an opportunity to let the Upper East Side know she’s got great legs. We’re also here for the slutty Annie Hall vibes that this outfit gives us. But BEWARE FOLLOWERS, this is a look not to be tried at home 🚫(S3/EP18) #CarrieBradshaw #Vetements #Hermes #AnnieHallMoment A post shared by  Every Outfit on Sex & the City (@everyoutfitonsatc) on Dec 4, 2016 at 11:46am PST  The key here is grabbing a top that's just big enough to reach your thighs, so you don't end up flashing anyone. (Bradshaw's DIY minidress was just high enough, but the back side of her shirt dipped lower for extra coverage.) If all else fails, you could always slip a handy pair of biker shorts underneath—Ratajkowski is a big fan of the trend. Earlier this month, the model and Inamorata designer was seen wearing the figure-hugging, cropped bottoms with a white bra, blazer, and heels.  Want more style inspiration from EmRata's seasonal wardrobe? Think summer whites. Whether or not she's rocking a crisp oxford shirt, the model has opted for neutral tones for some of her most impressive looks, from a fringy, boho Jacquemus number to one of her own collaborations with Nasty Gal. 
 Go inside the NYC mainstay’s luxe new digs. Kirna Zabête has been a long-time NYC retail mainstay—holding court in SoHo for 18 years. Now the Beth Buccini-founded boutique is getting new digs in Palm Beach, Florida at The Royal Poinciana Plaza, its fourth location. The preppy locale will serve as the newest backdrop for Kirna Zabête’s bold ready to wear and accessories from designers both big and small. The Steven Gambrel of SR Gambrel designed space has its own personality, but maintains KZ design hallmarks like black and white flooring, pink accents, a red cash wrap and sprawling chandeliers. Go inside the new space and get the low down on how Kirna Zabête goes to Florida from Buccini. Why Palm Beach for Kirna Zabête's newest store opening? It has always been my philosophy to open stores in places where I have a good understanding of the clientele and where the community is underserved. I have been fortunate to get to know the area over the years because both my parents and in-laws have homes there, where I have spent many holidays and vacations, soaking up the Florida sunshine. I can't wait do the same this winter while serving the Palm Beach residents with a shopping destination that is happy and fun.  Inspiration behind the store's design? The boutique is the third Kirna Zabête location designed by interior decorator Steven Gambrel of SR Gambrel. While each Kirna Zabête location has its own personality, Steven and I embraced the opportunity to create a unique experience in Palm Beach, keeping certain Kirna Zabête signature design elements in tact—including black and white flooring, pink accents throughout, beautiful arches, a lollipop red cash wrap and our classic 6 feet wide chandeliers—with the addition of custom De Gournay wallpaper in the shoe salon, specifically for Palm Beach.   Double tap if you are hiding inside until spring. 📷 by @danliphotography #KZLoves @borgodenor @houseoflafayette @poolsidebags A post shared by  Kirna Zabête (@kirnazabete) on Jan 14, 2018 at 9:40am PST What is the quintessential Palm Beach style? Words that come to mind when I think of Palm Beach style include vibrant, colorful, jet-set, luxury and fun.  How does the Palm Beach edit differ from your NYC location? The buy across all stores is primarily the same, however, being that Palm Beach is a beach locale vs. a city locale, we tend to sprinkle in a bit more pieces with a jet-set and evening wear vibe to cater to the clients who have the warmer climate year round.  Of Rare Origin earrings, $1,450, shopbazaar.com, Gucci sunglasses, $400, shopbazaar.com, Johanna Ortiz dress, $2,850, shopbazaar.com, House of Lafayette hat, $275, shopbazaar.com, Rosie Assoulin top, $1,295, shopbazaar.com, Frame Denim cutoffs, $195, shopbazaar.com,  Gucci sandals, $1,190, shopbazaar.com, Lizzie Fortunato clutch, $398, shopbazaar.com, Gianvito Rossi sandals, $725, shopbazaar.com, Mark Cross bag, $2,195, shopbazaar.com
 It’s one of the season’s biggest trends, and you CAN wear them anytime.  Even the most dedicated fashion fiend needs the occasional reassurance that the trend she fell in love with on the runways is going to be the look du jour once it finally arrives in stores. In a digital world with so many voices, trusted fashion resources—like Macy's The Edit—are more important now than ever.  This season, a trend to note is florals. Whether they're big and bold or discreet and subtle, bouquet-inspired prints are a look to try. Here, see how three of BAZAAR's favorite women interpret them.  Check out these trends and more at Macy’s The Edit!
 Here's your first look. We already have a first look at Victoria's Secret and Balmain's highly anticipated collaboration. Both brands (and creative director Olivier Rousteing) took to Instagram this morning to share a video teasing their upcoming range. The clip hints that the collection will feature black fabrics, metallic adornments, jeweled accents and rocker studs—and that's just the beginning. "My BalmainArMy becomes THE ANGELSARMY," Rousteing proudly wrote on Instagram. Take a look below: It was reported yesterday that the French brand will be designing custom looks for this year's VS fashion show in Shanghai, and a retail range will also be available to shop shortly after the presentation airs. The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show airs on November 28 on CBS. VS x Balmain launches in store and online on November 29.  
 
 Meet Clair, the Rebag system that's streamlining the bag resale market. A couple of years ago, it made global news that buying an Hermès Birkin bag offered a better return on investment than going all in on the stock market. The e-commerce site Rebag has built a business on the viability of the luxury resale bag market, from Birkins and beyond, and now it’s taking things a step further with a new platform called Clair by Rebag. Not unlike assigning a Kelly Blue Book value to an automobile, Clair (i.e., the Comprehensive Luxury Appraisal Index for Resale), which lives on the Rebag site, assigns a special code and market price for most high-end handbag models across a list of more than 50 brands and 10,000 styles, in real time. A user accounts for brand, condition, size, and color on either the Rebag site or app, and gets a valuation, from which they can decide whether to buy, sell, or hold. Like any market you want to invest in, any brand of bag is subject to fluctuations, so Clair is regularly updated to look for changes in the market, including the sudden popularity or overexposure of certain styles. In other words, are you up for buying into some Fendi or Prada bag futures? “With more and more consumers contemplating the resale value of their luxury purchases, we’ve created a taxonomy that provides a more transparent way for consumers to shop more wisely,” says Charles Gorra, founder and CEO of Rebag. “We’ve spent years gathering data and analyzing the luxury handbag market.” Hermès, of course, comes out on top in terms of being a good investment, with Birkin and Kelly styles taking top spots—meaning when you leave the Hermès store, bag in hand, you are quite likely to make more or equal to what you paid for the bag, should you choose to resell it. Goyard and Chanel are next up in terms of being good investments, with Gucci, Saint Laurent, and Louis Vuitton trailing slightly. Currently, Bottega Veneta has only about a 30 percent return on investment, meaning if you purchase a $2,000 bag now, it may be worth only about $600 if you attempt to resell immediately. With the increasing popularity of Bottega though, who knows where it will land on Clair’s scale in the next year or two. The better question is, do you make purchases based on love or money? In a perfect world, you get a little bit of both. And now there's a way to measure that. 
 From chic PJS, to a great camera, personalized jewels, and more... Mother's Day gifts always need to be well considered—but buying for a first time mom is a whole other game. She's new to this, her sense of self is all over the place, if she carried the baby, her body is back to being her own, sort of, she's most likely not sleeping, and she needs some personalized jewelry stat. With all of that in mind, see 15 ideal presents for new mamas. It's cozy, but cute, but cozy—and again, ideal for nursing moms. Just because she doesn't feel like getting dressed up, doesn't mean she wants to take the train to frump town. Remind her that the first year is also about healing herself with the wildly popular, "The Fourth Trimester: A Postpartum Guide to Healing Your Body, Balancing Your Emotions, and Restoring Your Vitality." All women, but especially breastfeeding moms, should use natural skin care. Get her started with Drunk Elephant's set of miniatures so she can see what her favorites are.   Get her some leggings with good stretch and gift cards to a Pilates studio, not to get her fit, but to work on that pelvic floor and getting strength back in her abs and lower back.  There's a new little person with so many photo opps—let her take some of them not with a phone.  New moms can feel very, very far from their inner fashion maven. A pair of interlocking C's can help change that.Chanel bag, $3,600, available at select Chanel Boutiques nationwide. For more information, call (800) 550 0005.    Get her excited to match her little from morning until night with these chic nightgowns. Eileen West nightgown, $62 and $44, macys.com, eileenwest.com. This is for her partner to make her delicious cappuccinos with after those especially tough nights.  Why not try a pretty pendant in the astro sign of her new best friend on for size? Getting her something comfortable, that doesn't put the pressure of having a size on it, shows you truly care. For those days she wants to stay in bed—but make it fashion. Take snuggle time to cashmere levels... Buy one for mom and her little—because there's nothing cuter than a matching basket bag moment. Swim classes are the cutest, it's best to come prepared in matching swim suits, obviously. This one comes for both bigs and littles.  Consider this a "beach diaper bag." OK not really, it's a belt bag for moms, but it's a diaper belt bag, which is basically how Kendall and Gigi would do mom gear, which is very cute. The only real way to hide tired eyes is with something extra glam.  Her birthstone and the little one's birthstone, set in gold.  Making that baby book just got easier—and much cuter than your common scrapbook.   Fill a necklace with all her new favorite initials—in diamonds, of course. 
 The news comes after a growing list of fashion designers have pledged to stop using real animal fur.  While Versace, Gucci, Michael Kors and a growing list of luxury brands have recently vowed to stop using real fur, San Francisco just became the first major U.S. city to officially ban sales on all fur products.   Last night, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors ruled they would ban selling new fur products within the city. The ban, which goes into effect on January 1, 2019, doesn't apply to secondhand items, sheepskin or lambskin. Furriers and all retailers selling real fur products will have until 2020 to sell their current fur inventories.  "The sale of fur products in San Francisco is inconsistent with the City's ethos of treating all living beings, humans and animals alike, with kindness," supervisor Katy Tang, who pushed for the legislation, said in a statement. "There’s no humane way to raise an animal to peel its skin off."  Although the recent anti-fur movement has been a major win for animal rights activists, critics worry this move will hurt San Francisco's economy. According to The Hollywood Reporter, San Francisco's Chamber of Commerce estimates that fur sales account for at least $40 million of the city's sales per year.  Along with the economical argument, the Fur Information Council of America raised concerns about faux fur's effect on the environment. In a statement, the council revealed San Francisco's ban of animal fur would cause an increase of petroleum-based faux  fur, which would “directly contradict the many positive environmental moves the SF city council has taken regarding plastics and Styrofoam.”  “Fur? I am out of that. I don’t want to kill animals to make fashion.” - @Donatella_Versace  Versace is proud to take this ethical step into the future and hopes it will inspire innovation and raise awareness. Versace will phase out all fur products from the 2019 collections onward. A post shared by  Versace (@versace) on Mar 16, 2018 at 8:51am PDT The fashion industry has also been a strong force in the recent expansion of the anti-fur movement. More and more luxury brands are halting the use of real fur and instead opting for faux fur alternatives. Versace, Tom Ford, Michael Kors, Gucci, Furla and more have recently announced a ban on all fur products. However, brands like Karl Lagerfeld, Saint Laurent, Fendi and Dior are still using real fur in collections.  Below, see an updated guide as to which high fashion brands are no longer using real fur.  HIGH FASHION BRANDS THAT ARE NOW FUR-FREE
 Those runway videos on Instagram have finally paid off.  Great news for fans of Britney Spears' epic runway modeling videos (so basically, great news for all of us): the Princess of Pop just landed her first major fashion campaign for Kenzo.  The singer took to Instagram to reveal her new campaign for the brand's La Collection Memento N°2, photographed by Peter Lindbergh. In the first image shared, Britney gives us some early 2000s vibes in a denim trucker hat and cropped green sweatshirt that shows off her lower back tattoo. Yesterday, the brand teased their A-list casting on Instagram with a quick video showcasing the "mystery" star (but really, who couldn't recognize Britney's runway walk and blonde waves from a mile away?).  Perhaps the greatest part of the campaign, however, is the recreating of her famous all-denim red carpet look from the 2001 American Music Awards. The singer poses in a denim hat, denim jacket, denim over-the-knee boots and even denim underwear in another image from the series of photos.  The campaign marks Britney's first fashion ad since her Candie's campaigns in the early-mid 2000s. Though in the past she's fronted many ads for her Candie's x Kohl's collection and vast lineup of fragrances, this marks the singer's first campaign for a major fashion brand.  It looks like all those modeling videos on Instagram have finally paid off. Now someone please take note and cast Britney in her big Fashion Week debut. She's ready.  
 From head-to-toe floral suiting to oversized outerwear, it's all about luxe layers at the office this fall.  With the fall season upon us, it's time to take your work style up a notch with fresh prints and unexpected layers. From tailored suits in fresh prints, to luxe accessories in rich textures, the season's new crop of workwear will have you feeling nothing short of polished. Be bold and take your office look to new heights with head-to-toe prints. Derek Lam jacket, $1,990, and pants, $1,490, shopBAZAAR.com; Gucci jacket, $2,980, and pants, $1,700, similar styles available at gucci.com.  Add glamour with satiny ruby boots and gold-and-silver jewelry. Omega watch, $4,600, omegawatches.com; Altuzarra ring, price upon request, altuzarra.com; Dolce & Gabbana bag, $2,395, dolcegabbana.it; Guess booties, $129, shop.guess.com.  Team a double-breasted suit with a pair of brogues. Ralph Lauren Collection jacket, $1,990, and pants, $1,090, saksfifthavenue.com; Maje blazer, $520, and pants, $295, shop.nordstrom.com. A briefcase-like carryall and classic jewelry show that you mean business. Santoni Edited by Marco Zanini shoe, $2,500, santonishoes.com; Fendi bag, $13,000, similar styles available at shopBAZAAR.com; Chloé ring, similar styles available at chloe.com; Piaget watch, $15,200, neimanmarcus.com. An oversized trench coat layered over a tailored suit is the perfect fashion pairing for fall.  Vera Wang Collection jacket, $2,810, farfetch.com; Vince pants, $295, neimanmarcus.com. Keep things modern courtesy of a sleek clutch and silver cuff. Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello bag, $1,790, barneys.com; Monica Rich Kosann cuff, $1,285, monicarichkosann.com; Céline shoe, $820, celine.com.  A chic scarf helps add a sleek finishing touch.  French Connection trench, $248, shop.nordstrom.com; Avant Toi Black Label scarf, $480, similar styles available at farfectch.com.
 Shop our favorites at every price point.   If you were to ask what our favorite denim style was just a few years ago, we would have universally agreed on the cropped skinny jean. But fast-forward to 2019 and there's a new jean reigning supreme: the vintage-inspired, high-waisted jean.  Thanks to brands like Re-Done, Reformation, and Urban Outfitters, retro high-waisted jeans are everywhere from the catwalk to the street. The best part about this denim style is it comes in various hues, heights, and styles so every fashion-forward girl can find her perfect match.  Take on the effortless persona that these high waisted jeans provide, and shop our favorite waist-hugging styles ahead. It would be wrong to exclude the classic Levi mom jean from this narrative. Made in LA, Jessie Andrews created the perfect pair of vintage black jeans that'll instantly become your coolest sustainable wardrobe staple. Re/Done was launched to provide us with the vintage styles we're always yearning for. This cotton option features a high-rise and a vintage-inspired pocket design. There's a reason fashion girls favor this denim brand: the flattering fit and high-waisted styles are a wardrobe classic.  Go fully '70s by adding a tie-dye tee-shirt and chunky white sneakers to these wide-leg jeans.  It's no secret that Madewell makes some of the most comfortable and flattering denim today; add another pair to your collection. A splurge-worthy jean that's not only a classic style, but a classic blue denim hue as well.  The waist-cinching belt, wash, and length of these make for a modern, detailed update to your everyday denim. A frayed hem, distressed details, and a light wash? Yes, please. The brand behind some of our favorite sneakers has some good high-waisted denim worth checking out as well.  Reformation may be known best for its print dresses, but the brand's flattering (and sustainable) denim is a must-have too.  For off-duty dressing, look to these relaxed-fit high rise jeans. Who said denim has to be basic? Go loco for logo with these trendy, printed high waisted jeans from Calvin Klein. For an edgier, cool-girl version of the mom jean. Switch up the classic high-waisted look with this asymmetrical waist.  If you're going to splurge on a trendy pair of denim, make it E.L.V's ultra-cool two-tone jeans. Elevate your classic white t-shirt ensemble with a pair of embroidered light-wash mom jeans that won't break the bank. 
 Shop the season's must-have boot.  Fall always has a ton of shoe trends to choose from, but the knee-high boot reigns supreme as this season's MVP. Whether worn with a dress or jeans, slouchy or straight, a knee-high boot instantly elevates any look this season. Already a favorite on the street style scene (and just about every It model of the moment), shop the best knee-high boots from budget-friendly to splurge-worthy below.  Not only do they have the perfect every day heel height, these leather boots can also be worn slouchy or straight—making for the ultimate versatile boot that won't break the bank.  At under $100, H&M's rich chocolatey leather boots make for the perfect neutral color in your fall wardrobe.  Featuring just the right amount of slouch, these boots are available in an array of colors from stark white to red, cognac, and black. And they've already been spotted on Bella Hadid.  Go bold in fall's animal print trend—the snake-print can act as a neutral with most of your wardrobe.  From the office to your weekend plans, Stuart Weitzman's suede knee-high boots make for the ideal everyday-boot.  Infuse a statement-making pop of color into your look with these red hot boots.  For a more casual look, these equestrian-inspired boots will instantly elevate a pair of jeans.  Style these slouch boots with everything from a flowing midi dress to a pair of jeans.  Leopard is one of our favorite fall trends and these statement boots are no exception.  If you're going for the slouchy boot look in suede, these heeled Dolce Vita boots get the look just right.  With a Western-inspired heel, Mango's red hot boots are working multiple fall trends at once (and they can be worn slouchy or straight).  A plaid iteration of Fendi's must-have cowboy boot of the season brings an unexpected print to your shoe game this season.  If you're looking for an affordable suede boot that will go with most of your fall wardrobe, look no further than this pair by Marc Fisher.  For those who want a lower heel without sacrificing style, these kitten heel boots are the perfect solution.  Go luxe in Tibi's croc-embellished Western boots that don't go too literal with the cowboy boot trend. 
 From Alessandra and Elsa to Natasha and Karolina.  While Kaia Gerber may be the breakout model of Fashion Month, don't count the OG supermodels out anytime soon. After an epic reunion of '90s supers at the Versace show last week, there was another moment of model nostalgia at Balmain's Spring 2018 show.  Tapping some of the top supermodels of the 2000s along with a few select Victoria's Secret Angels, Olivier Rousteing assembled a new Balmain army on the runway today in Paris. After Natalia Vodianova opened the show, Natasha Poly, Karolina Kurkova, and Kasia Struss followed suit down the catwalk—making for the ultimate early '00s throwback.  Along with the supermodels strutting the runway, Balmain also tapped Victoria's Secret Angels Alessandra Ambrosio, Elsa Hosk, and Josephine Skriver to walk. Consider it your more-clothed preview of this year's VS Fashion Show.  And of course, when you add early 2000s supermodels with Victoria's Secret Angels, what do you get? The ultimate runway finale brigade.  See more model moments from the Spring 2018 runways:
 In the 1920s, Bauhaus changed the modern art landscape. Then it changed fashion.   Even if you don’t immediately recognize the name Bauhaus—the German art school known for its use of geometric shapes and graphic, clean lines—you’ve definitely seen its hallmarks.  Marcel Breuer’s famous Wassily Chair, first designed in 1925 and copied ever since, is still available for purchase. Piet Mondrian's paintings hang in modern art museums around the world, including both The Met and MoMA.  Throughout the ‘60s until this very day, designers on runways from New York to Milan continuously return to the stark, striking, technicolor prints and geometric shapes that have been a Bauhaus trademark since the movement began 100 years ago. This is especially true of Prada. The Italian fashion house's new Ouverture bag styles embody the Bauhaus spirit. Each is defined by contrasts through three covetable colorways: all-black with a shock of white trim or black and tan are the options for leather; and a tan and deep brown style is what’s available in suede.  They are structured and sleek, comfortable and capacious, and 100% made in Italy. And like many of Bauhaus' inspired objects, both architectural and functional. Available in different sizes ("maxi", "midi", and "mignon"), they feature shoulder straps, double handles, tapes, and hyper-thin straps that can be worn as a hand, arm, shoulder, or cross-body bag. They work for any occasion and any outfit—take them to work or to brunch; carry one every day or bring it on vacation. 
 Prada Ouverture small leather bag  See Price Prada Ouverture large leather bag  See Price  Prada Ouverture large leather bag  See Price Prada has long been intertwined with the art world, often collaborating with artists and borrowing elements from different movements as inspiration for its collections. In fact, the Ouverture bags aren't the brand’s first Bauhaus-style pieces. The 2014 spring collection referenced the same principles—and had everyone clamoring for color-blocked coats and dresses the second they were sent down the runway . Other iconic examples over the years have come from all corners of the fashion world. In 1965, Yves Saint Laurent debuted a collection of six dresses paying tribute to the designs of Mondrian. 1950s and 1960s Pucci is synonymous with mod, geometric color-blocking. The Hungarian Bauhaus painter László Moholy-Nagy has directly inspired designers such as Rei Kawakubo and André Courrèges. And London designer Mary Katrantzou’s winter 2018 collection included prints that paid homage to a series of posters from the 1923 Bauhaus Exhibition in Weimar, Germany. It was at that exhibition that Walter Gropius, founder of the school, established the Bauhaus movement’s simple yet revolutionary concept for the time: combining fine art (like painting and sculpture) with applied art (like furniture design or industrial design).  After the horrors of World War I, Germany’s artists and designers were faced with a conundrum: how to create a new aesthetic that stripped away the excesses of the past, and provided a sense of tidiness, order, and meaning in a rapidly evolving world.  Bauhaus aimed to provide a sense of tidiness, order, and meaning in a rapidly evolving world. Throughout the 20s, the main principles emerged. The languid, organic, and decorative style of turn-of-the-century Art Nouveau was replaced with bold shapes and strong color-blocking. The aesthetic of the Arts and Crafts movement, which were rooted in nature and folk styles, were swapped for simplicity and geometric purity.  In Bauhaus Stairway (above), painter Oskar Schlemmer focuses on the modular shapes of the human form; László Moholy-Nagy rejected human figures altogether in favor of striking abstractions. Even objects for the home were reduced to their most functional forms: Marianne Brandt’s tea service, created in the mid-1920s, is composed solely of its most essential shapes. 100 years down, it seems unlikely the Bauhaus influence will subside anytime soon. When political turbulence swept through Germany in 1933, the school—then located in Berlin—closed. As its leaders fled Nazi Germany, the Bauhaus influence was scattered to cities around the world. From Chicago to Tel Aviv, the Bauhaus influence would trickle down throughout the twentieth and twenty-first century in unexpected places. 100 years down, it seems unlikely the Bauhaus influence will subside anytime soon. 
 Vote on the chicest looks of the week!  in Miu Miu at the IFP Gotham Awards   in Diane von Furstenberg at the Claridge's Zodiac Party   in Alaia honoring Bradley Cooper   in Isa Arfen at the Claridge's Zodiac Party   in Dior Homme at the Dior Homme Tokyo Show   in Dior Homme at the Dior Homme Tokyo Show   in Yanina Couture at the Mary Poppins Premiere   in Iris Van Herpen at the Cartier Precious Garage Party   in Valentino at the Creed II premiere [image id='fe87e4e5-92b5-46e1-936f-2ef523e06a4b' mediaId='dfee8e6f-3468-4386-965e-cac3f2208607' align='center' size='medium' share='true' caption='' expand='' crop='original'][/image] in Nanushka at the Nissan Futures Global Forum    
 The actress and entrepreneur recalls her greatest hits throughout the years.  Logging countless miles on the red carpet over the years has taught Goop founder Gwyneth Paltrow a thing or two about shoes. This month, she’ll share that hard-won wisdom with the world in a capsule collection with stiletto sultan Christian Louboutin. Billed as a “mini shoe wardrobe,” the collaboration offers Paltrow’s take on the ideal ankle boot, loafer, and work and evening heels. “We wanted it to be flirty and fun but not too trendy or statement-seeking," she says of the collection. "Every woman needs a great black heel. There's something very Helmut Newton-y about our version, but the bow gives it a sweet touch." For inspiration, Paltrow looked to her vast, Louboutin-heavy archive of shoes from red carpets past. "Christian sent me sketches, and he completely understood what I wanted," she says. "He has an incredible mix of magic, talent, and focus." Here, she recalls six standout styles she loves from years past.  Stella McCartney is one of my best friends, so I was so happy to be her date to the “Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty” gala at the Met Museum’s Costume Institute in 2011. I was lucky enough to wear some of his designs, and the night was such a great tribute to him. This is one of Stella’s gowns that have real wow factor. I paired it with Fred Leighton jewelry and super-high nude satin Louboutin platforms. The height of the shoe was empowering and flattering, which is necessary with such a high slit! I kept the shoes and rediscovered them years later when I was packing up my place in New York. This night was magical. I’m wearing Gucci, and my stylist helped me put this look together for last year’s Art + Film Gala at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. It was an event honoring the artist Robert Irwin and the filmmaker Kathryn Bigelow. The museum is wildly inspiring for us L.A. residents, and I love taking my kids there for a cultural experience. I had also just been named CEO of my company, Goop, by our board, and stepping into that role was a major professional milestone for me. As for the dress, it was so unique—short, sexy, with an incredible neckline and sleeves. Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele is such a genius. These gold strappy heels were just the right complement. Bubblegum-pink suede shoes with a pink Prada dress to match! This was a total Elizabeth Saltzman moment—she’s my stylist. I was at the National Movie Awards in London in 2010, and I’m sure that her dream was for me to look like a mix of Park Avenue lady and Catherine Deneuve: the bouffant, the eyeliner, the classic silhouette. And clearly she succeeded. I definitely held on to these Louboutins—they’re the perfect shade of pink. I have a storage area where I save a lot of the shoes I’ve worn to major events like the Grammys and the Oscars. I couldn’t even begin to tell you how many pairs I have. Here I am with my great friend Beyoncé at the 2011 Grammy Awards, around the time that I was guest-starring on The version of “Forget You” that I sang on the show had become a hit, and I had just performed it onstage with Cee Lo Green. Beyoncé played a huge part in helping me get through that performance alive, and you can see by my smile how relieved I was that I hadn’t totally embarrassed myself. After I sang I went back to watch Arcade Fire play, and they won Album of the Year, which was really cool. I’m wearing a sheer black Monique Lhuillier minidress with these Christian Louboutin architectural heels. Oh, man, I wish I still had them. Alas, they were loaners. These Dsquared2 platforms marked the beginning of a long statement-shoe phase in my life. It was 2008, and I was just starting to venture out again into the public eye after having been home with my kids for a couple of years. I’m at a press conference in Rome for with Robert Downey Jr., who is one of my favorite people, and the rest of the cast, and there were interviews, photo calls, and all the rest. I’m wearing a black Preen minidress, which seemed like an interesting choice for day at the time. I remember getting compliments on the shoes, which I archived. I try to hold on to everything so I can give them to my daughter, Apple, someday. This was at a post- Oscars party after I performed a song called “Coming Home” at the Academy Awards in 2011. I was a wreck—it was the most nervous I’d ever been about performing in my life. My body wasn’t responding to my brain; I literally didn’t know how to walk from point A to point B. So before I went onstage, I chased three beta-blockers with a beer, which was way too extreme because I couldn’t feel my hands. I recall being so happy to be done with the performance portion that I couldn’t wait to get inside and have a drink with a bunch of my girlfriends. I wore a Michael Kors gown, a Jimmy Choo clutch, Forevermark earrings, and Christian Louboutin shoes—sparkly with a slight platform and pointy toes, and perfect with the dress.
 Iconic. If you were asked to envision Lady Gaga's idea of "casual dinner attire", you might actually come up with something pretty close to this iconic Christian Siriano look. The singer stepped out in New York City last night (May 24) wearing a striking red dress from the designer's fall 2018 collection along with diamonds, silk gloves and retro shades.  Following her suggestion last November that she would take a rest from music, Gaga was forced to cancel several dates of her European tour due to ill health and specifically "severe pain that has materially impacted her ability to perform live". So it's kind of great to see her out and about and looking so radiant. Earlier this month, reports emerged that she is launching a makeup line called Haus Beauty after she filed for a trademark in February.
 Bras clasped in the front or no bra at all!  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. It has recently come to my attention via a viral Twitter thread that some people are out of their damn minds. Let me elaborate: apparently, there's an entire class of people out there HOOKING THEIR BRAS BEHIND THEIR BACKS. As in, they blindly feel around for the right hook and just hope to the gods that they find it.  My question to those people: do you also close your eyes before buttoning your shirt? Do you do your belt backwards and just hope you get the right hole? What is the reason for this unnecessary difficulty you're inflicting upon your own morning routine?  
  A lot of other people are on my side, according to a tweet originally posted by user @nakaimosu, which is now getting a LOT of attention. hey y’all how do you put on a bra?? with the clasp in front of you and then turn it around, or putting the bra on regularly and clasping it from the back ??? I GOTTA KNOW pic.twitter.com/w0wLSZvuXe The post asks: "hey y’all how do you put on a bra?? with the clasp in front of you and then turn it around, or putting the bra on regularly and clasping it from the back ??? I GOTTA KNOW." People are now fighting to the death over their answers. There are those who swear by option A (the right answer, don't you dare @ me), clasping it in the front and then turning it around.  the first way is the only way to do it Then, there's those in option B, who prefer to fumble around behind their backs for what I can only assume is roughly six minutes before finding the right hook. people who do the blue are WEAK pic.twitter.com/P87vzQdIgu On top of that, you've got a whole bunch of utter maniacs who pull their already-clasped bra over their head like a shirt, which I would assume wreaks utter havoc on their elastic band. Put it on like a shirt 🤠 i put it on like a t-shirt There's another group of hooligans who step into their bra like a skirt and pull it all the way up to their boobs.  i literally clasp it and then step into it like a skirt n pull it up 😂😂😂😂😂💀 And then there's this person who does all of the above depending on the day. I mix and match. Sometimes I'm blue, other days I'm red, lots of times I'm a sports bra, often I'm no bra.My boobs do not know what treat they are in for on a daily basis. Gotta keep it fun for them This is utter madness and that's all I have to say about that.   
From: Seventeen

 Tyler Joe snaps the chicest looks off the runway... See what fashion's finest wore to the collections in Paris... Caroline de Maigret Ece Sukan Bazaar's Kerry Pieri in Brock top
 Get a head-start on the most important part of your fall wardrobe.  Summer fashion may bring us sundresses, crop tops, and chic sandals, but there's nothing quite like embracing the art of layering when it comes time for fall. While there are plenty of wardrobe updates your closet needs for cooler weather—from boots to denim and beyond—topping it all off with the perfect jacket is key. From belted jackets to shearling details and some '80s inspiration, here are the top jacket trends to embrace for fall.  The '80s are calling and they want you to revisit the leather blazer, the boxier the better.  For those not afraid of a little edge, this blazer will always be your statement piece.   Or try Vegan leather doesn't skimp on quality.   A classic blazer never goes out of style, whether it's leather, wool or linen.  Try a boxy cut for that menswear appeal.  The classic makes a comeback, and it's more structured, longer and chicer than ever. Keep it in neutral.   Trade your camel coat for a pristine white version.   An obi-style belt takes the trench to a whole new level of chic.  Never underestimate simplicity.  This coat will always brighten your day.  Accentuate your waist this fall with a belted jacket or blazer.  On Victoria Beckham: Victoria, Victoria Beckham jacket, $580, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Embrace's fall's most popular pattern. Tibi jacket, $895, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Rebel against that "no white after Labor Day" rule with this stark white jacket.  Leith blazer, $79, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW This will be a classic just like your go-to black blazer.   3.1 Phillip Lim blazer, $655, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Keep it cozy in an oversized shearling-lined jacket. The outerwear looks best when paired with blue jeans or a floral feminine dress for contrast.  A little mod, a lot of cool.  This will be the ultimate pick-me-up on a dreary winter day.  A denim vest with shearling collar will do the trick for the those crisp fall days.  Make your way for some exotic prints in your closet this fall. Leopard and snakeskin reign supreme and act as a luxe way to top off any look.  Leopard never goes out of style. Moschino Vintage jacket, $445, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW The classic peacoat gets turned on its head in this eye-catching print.   A snakeskin denim coat serves double duty if you wear it as a dress.  Pair this with it's matching skirt or your favorite jeans.  As always, a leather jacket is the ultimate MVP of any fall wardrobe. This season, however, the classic leather moto is getting the '80s redux treatment. Think oversized silhouettes and strong shoulders that show you mean business.  No matter if you consider your style classic or edgy, every woman needs a leather motorcycle jacket.   Topshop leather biker jacket, $196, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW The bomber lends just the right amount of boyish cool to any look. Givenchy oversized leather bomber, $4,420, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW A leather puffer is sure to keep you warm into the dead of winter.  Nanushka vegan faux leather jacket, $625, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW
 We all need to take a moment to watch the designer's powerful show. Last night, Pyer Moss designer Kerby Jean-Raymond brought the fashion set to Brooklyn's Weeksville neighborhood for a show that was just as impactful as its location. Weeksville, one of the country’s first free black communities, was founded by African-American James Weeks in 1838, just 11 years after slavery was abolished in New York. Jean-Raymond, a native of the historic neighborhood, presented his Spring 2019 collection at the Weeksville Heritage Center, an institution dedicated to preserving the community's African-American culture. The venue served as the perfect backdrop for a collection that celebrated black culture to the fullest while sending a powerful message not only to the fashion industry but the whole world.   "See us now?," one look asked, while another t-shirt read, "Stop calling 911 on the culture," referencing the many recent news stories of white people calling the police on black people for no just reason.  “STOP CALLING 911 ON THE CULTURE” -@pyermoss pic.twitter.com/XHYtBvvZoh But Jean-Raymond took his message beyond statement-making t-shirts, tapping black artist Derrick Adams to create 10 new works for the collection. The portraits, which feature black families partaking in everyday activities, were transformed into several pieces for the collection, including flowing, hand-painted tunics and a Swarovski-embellished gown showing a father holding his baby.  Rounding out the collection, Pyer Moss collaborated with FUBU, the '90s-era streetwear brand founded by Daymond Johns. Pieces included a yellow leather cropped vest and a gown featuring a reimagined FUBU logo. In a world of Supreme, Off-White, and Vetements, it was a throwback to one of the OG brands who did streetwear first.  As if the historically significant runway location and clothing itself wasn't moving enough, a gospel choir sang Stevie Wonder's "Heaven Is 10 Zillion Light Years Away," as the all-black cast of models walked the show. It was a goosebumps-inducing moment, despite the fact that it all unfolded in the rain.  Gospel finale at @pyermoss in historic Weeksville, one of the first free black communities in the US, was a moment, even in the rain #nyfw pic.twitter.com/Jl1V6L1Oyz During a time when the fashion industry (and entire world, for that matter) is still struggling to combat racial inequalities, a black designer staging such a powerful and unapologetically black show is exactly what New York Fashion Week needed. And it's something that deserves everyone's attention.  Watch this important piece of black fashion history! The closing walk of @pyermoss’ #NYFW show!A black choir sings from a porch “I can feel his spirt” while the parade of black (only) models walk by! 🙌🏽🙏🏽 pic.twitter.com/gSqvgpbyli  A SWAG SURFFFF! The black choir is swag surfing at @pyermoss!!!!! I could cry I’m so happy!#NYFW pic.twitter.com/G3dBPA16V7 
 What to wear to work without sweating to death on your commute.  Dressing for the office in scorching temperatures can prove to be quite the challenge. In fact, not sweating to death on your commute while not freezing to death at your desk while also not ruffling HR's feathers should be an Olympic sport. To navigate the tricky rules of summer workwear, get inspired by these chic office-appropriate outfit ideas from the fashion set. A shirtdress and slingback pumps make for an effortless, no-fail outfit combo that will carry you through the summer.  Derek Lam's blue striped iteration offers some strategic pleating to define and accentuate your waist.  A blazer paired with a slip skirt works in both 80 degree weather and freezing cold office temperatures.  Breathe some new life into you work wardrobe with a pastel blue blazer.  Take your look from the office to post-work drinks with the help of a sleek pair of strappy sandals that will prove to be a versatile summer essential.  By Far's minimal mules work with just about every look, making them an instant MVP in your closet.   Liven up the office with a colorful print dress that brings a little sunshine to your day.  A statement print that hits at just the perfect length.  A midi skirt acts as the ultimate blank canvas to build an endless amount of work-ready summer outfits.   A buttoned skirt that means business, but can still be dressed down more casually too.  Loose, airy fabrics—like wide-leg trousers and a flouncy blouse— allow you to keep cool during your morning commute to the office without feeling like you're showing too much skin.  An affordable closet essential that you can wear both to work or with a tank top on the weekends.  Layer a sleeveless dress over a relaxed white t-shirt for a casual contrast.   Gap's classic white crewneck tee works year-round.  A pair of white pumps adds a pop to any look.  Whether you're sitting at a desk or on your feet all day, a block heel pump is chic without sacrificing comfort.  You can never go wrong in a classic black and white look—a pair of white culottes makes for ultimate summer workwear MVP.  Style these paper bag style pants with a blouse, blazer, and pumps or sandals.  A belted jacket styled over a mini skirt feels fresh. Go for a bright red to add a splash of color to your office look rotation.  Never underestimate the power of a classic white button-down—whether it's tucked into a skirt or in the form of a dress, the staple always feels fresh when styled right.  We're obsessed with this new shirt brand's relaxed button downs that come in an endless stream of prints and colors.  If you work in an office where sneakers are acceptable, dress them up with a dress or skirt and an oversized blazer.  If they're chic enough for royalty (ahem Duchess Meghan), then they're chic enough for you to commute to work in (or wear all day). 
 6 chic looks that'll also keep you warm. Mercury is in freefall and the only thing you want to wear is your duvet—we get it. But take note: The winter chill doesn’t mean you have to put your style sensibilities on ice. ‘Tis the season for cozy chic: cocoon coats; rich, opulent textures; and bohemian details that will keep you warm AND stylish. In other words, some serious statements.  Read on for six ways to hack the cold with a serious dose of cool.  Check Please A checkered pattern — whether presented via geometric slimline trousers or a floaty skirt — is a winter staple. Play on the masculinity of the print with men’s inspired add-ons, such as loafers or a lean, sleek coat (like this one from Maximilian), and keep the rest of your look simple and elegant.   Shear Genius The brilliance of a shearling jacket is two-fold: Firstly, it’s incredibly warm. Second, it offers a rugged vibe that perfectly balances city-inspired style cues. Pair one with polished hair and statement earrings, and offset the structure of the jacket by throwing on a sweater over a silk dress—extra points for multiple, warming layers.  Haute Normcore Think #OldCéline: pragmatic, roomy silhouettes; a focus on tailored separates; discreetly luxurious knitwear; simple accessories; and sumptuously thick textures. These chic staples facilitate busy lives and insulate on the go. After all, isn’t comfort the ultimate form of luxury? Curate your look around a carefully-chosen coat in warm neutrals — think ecru, white, and taupe — in a cozy texture, like this shearling option from Maximilian. Boho Luxe A favorite term of those perennially chic Parisians, "BoBo" mixes bourgeois tendencies with bohemian flair, offering a sort of relaxed, hippie-luxe aesthetic. To achieve this, mix animal accents such as snakeskin finishes and leopard prints with plush fabrics like velvet and shearling. Extra points for updating nostalgic silhouettes (like flares) with modern details (like fun prints).  Southwest Style A look favored as much by editors running between shows in New York as celebrities clambering out of cars, the classic Canadian Tuxedo (otherwise known as double denim) is perfectly balanced with Fall/Winter 2019’s trending hue: camel.  Layer a pair of cropped jeans and an indigo denim jacket with a cozy teddy coat and a neutral boot for a stylish day look. Add polished, ladylike extras such as a frame purse or statement earrings to balance out the hard-wearing denim and keep things low-key sophisticated.  Styled by Brie Welch, Hair by Yuhi Kim, Makeup by Ren Nobuko Equipment top, $214 SHOP Levi's jeans, $98 SHOP Levi's jacket, $89.50 SHOP Illesteva sunglasses, $230 SHOP Theory dress, $575 SHOP Maximilian Furs jacket, $1,995 SHOP Maximilian Furs coat, $4, 495 SHOP Maximilian Furs coat, $2, 495 SHOP Maximilian Furs coat, $3, 995 SHOP Maximilian Furs coat, $2,400 SHOP Aqua earrings, $88 SHOP Splendid top, $58 SHOP Stuart Weitzman boots, $575 SHOP Kenneth Cole boots, $180 SHOP Street Level bag, $68 SHOP kate spade New York earrings, $68 SHOP Theory turtleneck, $455 SHOP Maximilian Furs bolero, $5, 995 SHOP Parker skirt, $328 SHOP Oscar de la Renta earrings, $450 SHOP McQ Alexander McQueen sunglasses, $149 SHOP Stuart Weitzman loafers, $450 SHOP
 It was the collection that got him fired from Perry Ellis.  Fashion's infatuation with '90s nostalgia isn't slowing down anytime soon. The latest revival comes in the form of Marc Jacobs' famous 1993 collection for Perry Ellis that shaped the decade's grunge look—and ultimately led to him being fired from the brand.  Despite being blasted by fashion critics, the range of grunge pieces became some of the decade's most defining looks and went on to kickstart Jacobs' career. So it only makes sense that now, as fashion continues to look back to the '90s, Jacobs bring back the iconic pieces under his own namesake brand 25 years later.  With a capsule collection dubbed 'Redux Grunge Collection 1993/2018 Marc Jacobs,' Jacobs is reissuing a total of 26 looks from the collection he originally designed for Perry Ellis. The looks will include ready-to-wear, jewelry, shoes and accessories, all made in the original prints, fabrics and embroideries. Prices range from $35 for socks to $1,200 for the suede overcoats.  "The ‘Grunge’ collection epitomized the first time in my professional career I was unwavering in my determination to see my vision come to life on the runway, without creative compromise," Jacobs said in a statement from the brand.  To celebrate the reissuing of the pieces, the brand unveiled a campaign shot by Juergen Teller, which features a range of models including Gigi Hadid, Slick Woods, Dree Hemingway, and more.  Currently available for pre-order, the entire collection will be available to shop on November 15 at marcjacobs.com and in select department stores and Marc Jacobs boutiques worldwide. 
 We're keeping an eye on the red carpet, the It girls and the fashion bloggers who are innovating. Check back daily for the style how-tos. We're keeping an eye on the red carpet, the It girls and the fashion bloggers who are innovating. Check daily for the style how-tos. Who: Laura Harrier What: Black and White Heels Why: This little black dress by Louis Vuitton benefits from vintage inspired black and white pumps.  Get the look now: Gianvito Rossi pumps, $607, farfetch.com. SHOP Who: Damaris Lewis  What: Biker Shorts Why: The model takes the sporty look to the red carpet, in an Off-White look, complete with a white blazer for an entirely modern approach to suiting. Get the look now: Off-White biker shorts, $325, selfridges.com. SHOP Who: Emilia Clarke What: A Statement Blazer Why: The mother of dragons is giving preppy mom style at the Cannes airport and we're totally on board for it. Get the look now: Sara Battaglia blazer, $705, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Josephine Skriver What: A Fun Summer Suit Why: The model keeps her cool in a blue skirt suit with bra top that’s as summery as it is Instagram-ready. Shop the look now: Alice McCall three-piece periwinkle suit, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Bella Hadid What: A Skater Dress Why: The model is all pretty femininity in a white skater dress, a departure from her recent sporty looks—paired with simple white pumps. Get the look for less: Love Shack Fancy dress, $325, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Caroline Daur What: A Striped Shirt Dress Why: The super blogger hit the seaside town of Cannes in a striped cotton shirt dress—made workwear ready, paired with a black blazer and boots. Get the look now: Diane von Furstenberg dress, $448, farfetch.com. SHOP Who: Jasmine Tookes What: A Leopard Dress Why: The model proves that every girl needs a little leopard dress in her closet for nights out done right. Get the look now: Endless Summer dress, $168, shopendlesssummer.com. SHOP Who: Alma Jodorowsky What: A Knit Mini Skirt Why: The French actress is so perfectly French in a cashmere mini skirt, cashmere short-sleeved sweater and bold cross body bag, all by Chanel for the recent cruise show. Get the look for less: Free People skirt, $75, zappos.com. SHOP Who: Priyanka Chopra What: The Skirt Suit Why: Although technically a dress, this pastel Dion Lee number from the Fall collection appears to be a skirt suit—a look that can be intimidating. Chopra proves if the fit is right and the color is good, it’s the coolest option on the block right now. Get the look now: Off-White jacket, $1,130 and skirt, $545, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Sienna Miller What: A Bold Yellow Bag Why: The new New Yorker is warm-weather ready in a fetching plaid maxi dress paired with black flat sandals and a bright yellow bag that packs a punch. Get the look now: Mansur Gavriel bag, $695, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP Who: Gigi Hadid What: A Vintage Inspired Jacket Why: Skip your tried and true denim jacket in favor of this bold-shouldered vintage-inspired cream topper that looks like it was made to be paired with jeans and leopard. Get the look now: J Brand jacket, $275, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Bella Hadid What: '90s Jeans for Summer Why: The model is on vaca and brought her cool, high-waisted, '90s inspired jeans with her—paired with white kicks and a cropped top. Get the look now: Levi's jeans, $98, levis.com. SHOP Who: Olivia Culpo What: A White Loafer Why: Culpo‘s all white look is Spring ready, but it’s her white loafers that keep the idea alluringly casual. We’re seeing them with everything from suiting to little floral dresses. Get the look now: Tod’s Double T Moccasins, $795, tods.com. SHOP Who: Anja Rubik What: A Leopard Maxi Dress Why: The model looked cooler than cool in Germany recently, in a sheer leopard maxi dress paired with slouch boots and a moto jacket. Get the look for less: Asos dress, $45, asos.com. SHOP Who: Lily Aldrdige What: White Sailor Trousers Why: The model is giving off chic Bianca Jagger in the '70s vibes in brown tinted sunglasses, Mercedes Castillo heels, and white separates that add up to one chic suit. Get the look now: Staud pants, $220, staud.com. SHOP Who: Suki Waterhouse What: A Tweed Jacket Why: The model nails spring time eveningwear in a skirt suit by Chanel for a Tribeca Film Festival event by the French brand, pairing the sunny look with pointed pumps. Get the look for less: Veronica Beard jacket, $550, mytheresa.com. SHOP Who: Lea Seydoux What: A Mini Skirt Why: The actress brings prep French to the red carpet in a double breasted jacket paired with a navy mini by Louis Vuitton. Get the look for less: Storets skirt, $63, storets.com. SHOP Who: Darby Stanchfield What: White Slouch Boots Why: The actress brought working woman vibes to late night TV in a skirt suit paired with of-the-moment white slouch boots. Get the look now: Barneys New York boots, $545, barneys.com. SHOP Who: Winnie Harlow What: Snakeskin Print Pants Why: The model let's her pants do the talking in a cool approach to evening featuring printed trousers, a high shine jacket and sheer top.  Get the look for less: One Above Another pants, $51, asos.com. SHOP Who: Victoria Beckham What: A White Maxi Skirt Why: The designer is all elegance in a white long skirt paired with a  white button-down and classic pumps—an idea that dominated the Fall 2018 runways.  Get the look now: Victoria Beckham skirt, $561, farfetch.com. SHOP Who: Margot Robbie What: A Western Top Why: The actress is nailing western-wear in a leather skirt and top in a vibrant orange hue, paired with gold shoes by Alunmae. Get the look now: CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC top, $778, mytheresa.com. SHOP Who: Olivia Palermo What: A Structured Rattan Bag Why: Palermo hit the streets in an airy spring look complete with a woven trench and chic rattan handbag. Get the look now: J. McLaughlin bag, $198,jmclaughlin.com. SHOP Who: Cleo Wade What: A Yellow Set Why: The poet and activist attended a dinner to celebrate Tome and Farfetch’s White Shirt Project 5 in silk yellow separates that pack a chic punch. Get the look now: Tome blouse, $495, farfetch.com. SHOP Who: Doutzen Kroes What: A Great Pair of Khakis Why: Looking like she stepped out of a Getty image from 1994 in the best way possible, supermodel Doutzen Kroes pairs a black button down with a trench coat and pleated  khaki pants for a winning combo. Get the look now: Aritzia pants, $198, artizia.com. SHOP Who: Kerry Washington What: Luxe Accessories Why: The actress stepped out in a cool spring palette in dark green with khaki punctuation, with bold white shades and gold hoops and bag. Get the look now: Jennifer Fisher hoops, $550, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Karlie Kloss What:  Transitional Pink Pumps Why: We're not in full spring glory just yet, so Kloss lightened her all-black look with springtime-ready plaid and coordinating pink Stella Luna pumps.  Get the look now: Rupert Sanderson balance point-toe leather pumps, $730, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Who: Charlize Theron What: Long Leather Shorts Why: They're not yet Bermudas, but these longer shorts feel red-carpet ready in leather, pleating also add a bit of polish when paired with a printed blouse and barely-there sandals.  Get the look now: Saint Laurent pleated leather shorts, $2,290, shopspring.com. SHOP Who: Lily Aldridge What: The New Pants Shape Why: The model wears the chicest pant shape of the season paired with a white blazer and tan accessories for a modern take on suiting. Get the look now: Isabel Marant Elome cotton-canvas tapered pants, $25, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Jenny Albright What: A Cool Anorak Why: The model hit the red carpet in a laid-back look that's ideal for spring showers—a plaid mini dress, simple boots and an oversized anorak. Get the look now: Hunter Anorak, $195, hunter.com. SHOP Who: Victoria Beckham What: A Striped Top Why: Beckham and her daughter Harper stepped out in coordinated navy looks. We love the little one's jumpsuit and VB's all-American stripes. Get the look now: Kule shirt, $298, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP
 The actress and activist joins the #AerieREAL Role Models campaign.  Jameela Jamil believes in a no-filter kind of world.  The British actress/activist, who has been tapped by Aerie to star in its new #AerieReal Role Models campaign, is on a mission to make women confident in their own bodies—whether that's calling out brands and celebrities for airbrushing images, or accusing A-listers like Cardi B, Iggy Azalea, and the Kardashians for promoting diet "Fit Teas" on Instagram. Jamil knows we're not yet in The Good Place, but she's working really hard to make wherever it is we are, better. Most notably with her I Weigh community, a movement she started in 2018 that encourages women to weigh themselves in life experiences rather than kilograms or pounds.  "There is a real rebellion happening, and a real revolution," Jamil tells BAZAAR.com. "I didn't realize how tired and done women are with being routinely abused and made to feel not good enough."    Jamil believes that Aerie, which eliminated Photoshop from all its imagery five years ago, is one of the few brands that strives to reflect everyday life. "And they're not doing it now that it's become trendy, or after I started screaming about airbrushing. Back in 2014 they stopped airbrushing their photographs and I think that was a really massive step in the right direction for women, and for young people everywhere." A diverse group of inspiring women join Jamil in the Aerie campaign, including model Iskra Lawrence, actresses Busy Philipps and Samira Wiley, poet Cleo Wade, gold medal Paralympian Brenna Huckaby, Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman, and motivational speaker Molly Burke. "There were so many wonderful women on-set that day," Jamil remembers. "I was very star-struck by Samira Wiley...what an incredible advocate she is for women, and for people, regarding sexuality."  In a phone call with BAZAAR.com, Jamil got real about body image, her I Weigh movement, the dangers of "cancel culture," and how the fashion industry can be better. Harper's BAZAAR:You call out celebrities and brands for their use of Photoshop and promoting unhealthy products like "Fit Teas," which seems to have sparked some backlash. Jameela Jamil: I think maybe two female journalists said that I was too slim or too conventionally attractive to speak out about the shaming of women's appearances. That's a hilarious device to control this conversation and stop it from happening. If you are not thin, or you're not conventionally attractive, then you're "jealous and bitter," and therefore are not taken seriously in the argument. And if you do have those attributes, then you're considered too privileged to have the conversation. Therefore, who gets to have the conversation? Nobody. And then we continue abusing women to make them buy things that they don't necessarily need. The media wants to portray the idea of a backlash because that makes a good story. There's a backlash against society, and shaming, and the culture. I've had nothing but mass support. Occasionally, I'll be rightfully critiqued for my approach and then I take a look at myself and I learn, and I grow with the public.  This thanksgiving I want to know... What do you weigh? Send your answers to @i_weigh A post shared by  Jameela Jamil (@jameelajamilofficial) on Nov 22, 2018 at 7:55am PST HB: What's your advice to women who want to challenge the status quo, but are afraid to do so? JJ: Part of that comes down to their fear, and this new culture of woke-bashing, which we need to be a little more careful with. If someone makes a single mistake, or a misstep, or made a mistake 10 years ago, we are never allowed to expect that they have grown and changed and evolved.  Rather than expecting everyone to be born perfectly, we have to make learning something [we're] excited to do together, because everybody has a blind spot. Everybody has a small amount of ignorance and that's okay as long as you continue to work on it. I think we could also make a little bit more room for errors, and be willing to give people a chance and a minute to learn, because there’s a lot of information coming at us all of a sudden in the last couple of years after so many years of erasure and tolerance. We need to do this together. Everybody makes mistakes. It doesn't make you evil—sometimes you could just be misinformed. Separating ignorance and evil is really important in order for us to encourage more allies. I know men who have made mistakes and therefore feel afraid to put themselves out there now as allies because they're worried that their mistakes will come back and haunt them from the past. I think all we have to do is publicly apologize for our mistakes and then do better. We can all do better. “Separating ignorance and evil is really important in order for us to encourage more allies." HB: I love your pinned tweet where you admit you haven't always been the perfect feminist. I think you worded it so perfectly. JJ: I'm very happy to use my profile as an example of someone who made mistakes in the past and who wants to learn with everyone and be open about it. I'm not ashamed of my mistakes. I wish that I'd never, ever been ignorant, and I'd been all-knowing, like God. I haven't, but I think it's really cool that I'm willing to learn, and that people are willing to learn with me. I think people have found a safe space in my social media, where I share my knowledge, I show [myself] working things out. It is never too late to check yourself and right your wrongs. I used to be slut shamey, judgmental, and my feminism wasn’t intersectional enough. Nobody is born perfectly “woke”. Listen, read, learn, grow, change and make room for everyone. We aren’t free til ALL of us are free. HB: You admit that, in terms of slut-shaming and intersectionality, you haven't always been the perfect feminist in the past. How have you personally grown in those areas, and made progress?JJ: I have just made sure to shut up and listen and accept that I don't know everything. And listen to people when they are kind enough to talk to us. A great book is by Reni Eddo-Lodge, called Why I'm No Longer Talking to White People About Race. I've been listening to podcasts. I've been reading Roxanne Gay, who has great literature on feminism. Phoebe Robinson, both of her books are incredible, and her podcast, 2 Dope Queens, is also great. She really gives trans women a platform, and she makes sure to talk about issues within body positivity, or within the culture of being a black woman in the media, and in comedy—just being a woman in comedy. She’s someone that I really, really look up to.  There's this wonderful woman on Twitter called Your Fat Friend. She's aggressively kind with her approach to activism and she dedicates her life to educating people, which is definitely not something she has to do. But she's taken it upon herself. I've unfollowed all toxic and empty, patronizing entities on social media, and anything that tells me something that is not important to my life, or anyone trying to sell me things that are not important to my life.  "Things that are very normal to have, like cellulite and stretch marks, I have a plethora of. And I'm no less of a woman, and I'm no less sexy for it." I don't really f*ck with correctional beauty products, because I think they're quite shaming about things that are very normal to have, like cellulite and stretch marks, which I have a plethora of. And I'm no less of a woman, and I'm no less sexy for it. And I'm no less worthy of being loved because of those things, so I don't do any of that. I don't spend my money on that. HB: What’s the most surprising thing you've learned since starting the I Weigh movement? JJ: That I'm not alone. I'm not the only one who's tired of the bully outside of my head and the bully inside my head. I didn't realize how tired and done women are with being routinely abused and made to feel not good enough. Like, if they're not fitting this straight, white, patriarchal gaze and within that narrative, that they're just not enough. There is a real rebellion happening, and a real revolution, and it feels like a really exciting time to be part of this. This movement has been going on forever, but I don't think it's ever had the kind of mainstream success it’s finally having now. And I think that's thanks in no small part to social media. As much as it's been a massive problem, it's also been a big part of us realizing that we have a shared experience. And we're all just done. HB: If there was one thing you'd like to see change in the fashion industry, what would it be?JJ: Sample f*cking sizes! I’m a size 6 and 5'10", and I can't fit into most samples. What is going on? If I have to be shot for press, which I’m contractually required to do for my show, I have to wear these clothes in order to be shot in these magazines. If I can't fit into the clothes, I can't be shot in a magazine, therefore I cannot fulfill my contractual obligation. They don't let you wear your own clothes. They take your size weeks in advance, and they know what size you are, and you turn up and so much of the time, the samples are way too small. I can fit one leg in a pair of pants, nothing goes over my knees. Then you kind of self-shame, like I've done something wrong by not fitting into this Gap Kids dress. It's not shame on me, it's shame on them! It took me into my thirties to realize that. Shame on them, because all of us are expected to be small enough to fit into these tiny samples because the designers don't want to use more material, or the designers just think a hip bone is better for a skirt to hang off of. I don't know what the motivation is, but for whatever reason these samples are tiny, so everyone has to shrink themselves into this one sample size.  "It's making everyone feel like there's something wrong with them." Then in the magazines, all you see is the same-sized women. From every ethnicity, every background, every age. Women get into their fifties, when their metabolisms have definitely slowed down, and they're still maintaining the size of a 15-year-old model. This doesn't always happen naturally. In fact, most of the time it isn't natural and they're having to go to extremes in order to maintain that size. But the women reading the magazines don't know this, they just think that's the normal size, and that they are a failure for not being able to fulfill the size that Hollywood and the entire fashion industry seems to seamlessly achieve. Then these models take pictures of themselves eating a thick slice of pizza, or a big bowl of spaghetti, in a luxury hotel in their underwear with zero percent body fat. It's making everyone feel like there's something wrong with them. It all begins with the sample sizes. Make the samples too big—spend the money on a little bit extra material and then at least if someone is too small for them, we can bulldog it, we can clip it. But to start from too small is so unkind to an entire gender who are so hungry. We’re so hungry! This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.
 Not sure what to wear on your next date night? Get inspired by these looks.  Ah date night, it's one of our favorite things. During winter, dressing for candlelit cocktails can be rough when you're concerned about the freezing temperatures and slippery sidewalks. Luckily, we're here to help. Date night dressing during cold weather doesn't have to be a daunting venture; there are ways to look sleek and sultry while still remaining warm and cozy. Thanks to Instagram, look ahead to these 15 perfect winter date outfit ideas.  This season, style a printed long-sleeve shirt underneath your favorite slip dress for date night. The slip always proves to be a versatile piece–perfect for layering over hoodies, blouses, and turtlenecks alike.  Get the look: Cuyana slip dress, $260, cuyana.com. SHOP NOW Sweater lovers rejoice; the latest trend includes chest cut-outs that add a bit of sex appeal without risking warmth. For your next date night, pair a neutral iteration with high-waisted trousers and the results are bound to be elevated.  Get the look: Vince Camuto front cutout sweater, $99, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW If you're meeting your special date at a glitzy nightclub, opt for a long-sleeved statement blouse. Not only will it keep you moderately warm, you'll walk in feeling bold and chic.  Get the look: Sies Marjan jacket blouse, $1395, siesmarjan.com. SHOP NOW There's nothing that a knee-high boot can't fix. Whether you're pairing them with midi dresses or trousers, a luxe leather pair will give you the height you want for a late-evening dinner date this winter.  Get the look: Mango high heel boots, $99, mango.com. SHOP NOW A transitional item for fall and winter, the pleated skirt can be styled in a variety of ways, especially for date nights. Add an oversized blazer or laid-back button down shirt for a look that's fit for Manhattan brunches and strolls through the city.  Get the look: COS pleated skirt, $125, cosstores.com. SHOP NOW From your day job to your evening date, an ultra-wide-leg pair of jeans will become your go-to for elevating looks throughout the cold-weather months.  Get the look: AYR The Must jeans, $225, ayr.com. SHOP NOW We know, we know; leopard print is in. There's one classic piece that will outlast any trend and that's a leopard print coat. Perfect for layering over a plethora of monochromatic hues, this coat will spice up your look just enough for a sushi date.  Get the look: Allen Schwartz leopard coat, $385, allenschwartz.com. SHOP NOW If you're heading out for a casual date with your significant other, whether to the movie theatre or your go-to Chinese food spot, cozy and chic is ideal. With the right trousers and coat, effortless dressing is achieved.  Get the look: Allude wool track pants, $380, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW Breathe some new life into your date night rotation by playing with elements of texture. Pair a buttery smooth leather dress with embossed heeled boots for a city-chic ensemble.  Get the look: Lucy Paris faux leather dress, $98, bloomingdales.com. SHOP NOW Blazers and trousers aren't exclusive to your desk job. Update these workwear staples by picking pieces in oversized silhouettes and leather compositions, like this street style star did. Perfect for a rooftop bar, layer a turtleneck underneath for warmth.  Get the look: Zeynep Arçay straight leather pants, $1,763, mytheresa.com. SHOP NOW Channel #cozygirlfall with a classic black turtleneck and the unexpected pant favorite of the season; corduroy. The look is warm enough for early winter mornings, and cute enough to meet up for coffee with your crush.  Get the look: Free People ribcage cords, $98, freepeople.com. SHOP NOW In the dead of winter, it's virtually impossible to venture into the night without a super insulating puffer coat. Luckily, the puffer coats of now aren't like those of the past; they've been modernized in chic hues and sleek lengths. Style yours with a silk maxi skirt to balance out proportions.  Get the look: Ganni longline puffer coat, $470, farfetch.com.  SHOP NOW If a man can't handle you at your power suit, then he doesn't deserve to see you in joggers. The modern suiting options out there are crafted with oversized silhouettes and cool neutral hues that can be worn at the office and to your happy hour meetup.  Get the look: Reformation Newcastle blazer, $248, thereformation.com. SHOP NOW A jumpsuit–especially one that comes in a plaid print–is always an effortlessly cool date night formula.  Get the look: Tibi Walden jumpsuit, $750, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW When in doubt, the classics always work. In this case, tuck a black sweater into your favorite dark-wash denim. Then, add a sexy pair of textured heeled boots. Easy.  Get the look: The Range carved turtleneck, $145, intermixonline.com. SHOP NOW
 Here's your first look at "Dior: From Paris to the World."  Dior is getting its first major fashion retrospective in the U.S., and it's opening this November at the Denver Art Museum (DAM). The immersive exhibition will highlight the incredible history of the couturier, as well as its list of artistic directors over time, including Yves-Saint Laurent, John Galliano, Raf Simons, and now Maria Grazia Chiuriri.  "Dior: From Paris to the World will also highlight North and South American patrons’ vital role in helping establish the House of Dior’s global presence," the museum said in a statement.   Visitors can expect to see everything including 150 haute couture dresses, accessories, archival materials, sketches, videos, and Dior's iconic work with Hollywood's most famous faces.  Here, we have a sneak peak at what to expect from the exhibit, which opens its doors on November 19 in Denver, CO. Tickets are not yet on sale. A 1947 protest in Chicago against Dior's new collection.  A bar suit ensemble in shantung and pleated wool from the 1947 "Corolle" line.  Christian Dior fitting a model in 1948.  Celestial blue taffeta gala dress from the 1953 "Vivante" line, worn by Elizabeth Firestone.  A gown from 1957 worn by  Grace Kelly.  A structured strapless gown from 1952. Christian Dior with models in 1955.  Dior fashion models wearing "Vert gazon," "Gavroche," and "Flirt" ensembles, photographed by Mark Shaw in 1961.  The entrance to Christian Dior's atelier.  Yves Saint Laurent for Christian Dior dress from Spring/Summer 1958.  Yves Saint Laurent for Christian Dior peony print smock dress from Spring/Summer 1958.  Elizabeth Taylor in Dior at the 1961 Academy Awards. Marc Bohan for Christian Dior 1961 dress worn by Elizabeth Taylor. Gianfranco Ferre. Inside the atelier. Marc Bohan for Christian Dior long printed faille evening gown from Fall/Winter 1986.  Marc Bohan with a model.  A 1992 column dress by Gianfranco Ferre for Christian Dior.  "Robe Hellébore" photographed by Paolo Roversi. 1995 Spring collection. Yves Saint Laurent portrait.  John Galliano for Christian Dior gold embroidered triple organza jacket and skirt from Spring/Summer 2004.  John Galliano for Christian Dior embroidered mohair bouclette coat from 2009. Raf Simons for Christian Dior three-quarter length duchess satin evening gown from Fall/Winter 2012. Maria Grazia Chiuri working on her first collection for Dior in 2017.
 Meet Nodaleto. And shop it here, of course. Julia Toledano is fashion royalty. The daughter of chairman and CEO of LVMH Fashion Group Sidney Toledano, may have luxury style in her DNA, but she took her own path to fashion stardom: first studying law, then working as a fashion journalist, taking design classes at London College of Fashion, and finally embarking on the launch of her own shoe brand last spring, Nodaleto, with business partner Olivier Leone.  Harper's BAZAAR met Toledano at The Webster during Fashion Week on the eve of her brand's launch party at the chic SoHo boutique. Outfitted in a flowing chestnut silk dress by The Row and white platforms of her own design, this pretty and petite Parisian-raised designer is confident in her brand's sure vision. Below, she shares advice from her dad, her own unique perspective on shoes, and why Nodaleto was all about the right timing and making good on a childhood dream.  Nodaleto has a lot of meanings for me. But let’s start from the beginning. Nodaleto is an anagram of my last name, Toledano. I really wanted to put my legacy in the brand—a mix of my Mediterranean cultural heritage and how I grew up combined with a fashion education in Paris and my own vision for the design. Nodaleto is a lot of spontaneity, a child’s dream that I always had in my head.  I was thinking of the architecture that I love, and a lot of art and artists—from Verner Panton, the houses in Casablanca (Villa Zevaco), the Steal House in L.A. (clean lines, open to the world), and the Palais Bulle by Pierre Cardin. I get my inspiration from furniture design, to architecture,  a very famous teenage movie from the ’00s or TV shows like Friends. The summer collection signifies a bridge between a teenager becoming a young woman. All the different steps that we know, from the transition to adulthood, how we want to feeling sexier, more mature, daring a little more. I think it was a question of time and timing. I have always been obsessed with shoes, I designed shoes for fun since I was a child. I knew I wanted to launch my brand one day, I just didn’t know when and how to begin. It was a question of timing. I wanted to be ready to express Nodaleto the best I can. I always wanted to create a mix between the classic luxury shoes and the one-time fashion crush we have on designer shoes. I’ve always had a special relationship with shoes. Every happy moment of life has become an excuse to buy a new pair of shoes: my birthday, the end of the school year, sometimes for comfort after a breakup. To put on a new pair of shoes gives you confidence. It’s the ultimate feminine accessory. My collection of shoes is like a family; they have some elements in common—the shape, structure—but they all have their own personality. I like exploring different styles. For me, it’s about a shape and structure, but I like having fun with accessories, jewelry, hats, and bags. I’ve always been more crazy with special pieces that can add that twist to more classics basics. I like that a fancy pair of shoes can change the whole silhouette and give a woman the confidence and power she needs. Put myself into the identity of the brand and believe in my designs. But more than anything, the product has to be my focus. I have to take care of every detail of the manufacturing and never compromise on quality. I’ve liked fashion since I was very young. It’s always been my passion, but I just put it to the side and gave myself time to grow a bit. It was my dream to create a brand, but I wanted to wait for the right time. I really appreciate that I spent time as a young fashion journalist. Now that I have this background, I just feel that it’s complementary. I like to create a story for each of the shoes with Olivier. Nodaleto is a poem—we like editing, creating our own content. It’s not just about a product, we want to create a whole universe around Nodaleto.  I always compare Nodaleto to a woman in general, she has different desires and perspectives depending on those different moments of her life. So like me, I’m a young woman who wants to challenge myself. Nodaleto is like a contemporary woman’s diary, she’s growing up, experiencing, and living adventures.
 From naked sandals to the dresses you'll wear all season.   From naked sandals to colorful dresses and the return of tie-dye, Spring/Summer 2019 is shaping up to be a fun season for shopping. Just in time to build up your warm weather wardrobe, Shopbop is coming through with another one of its epic sales—this time with everything 20% off and higher when you enter the code "EVENT19" at checkout. The sale only lasts three days, meaning you have until Friday, April 12 to scoop up some major new pieces. Shop some of our favorite picks for spring and summer below. And shop the full sale here.   Sale price: $148 This Brazilian brand just launched in the U.S. and we're already obsessed with its tropical punchy prints. This puff-sleeved dress is the perfect way to bring in summer.  Sale price: $409 The naked sandal is about to take over Summer 2019. Rejina Pyo's strappy nude mule nails the look perfectly.  Sale price: $142 Style this denim chambray top with a pair of white pants and you've got an instantly chic AF spring look.  Sale price: $110 A fresh take on the basket bag, done in a pop of color.  Sale price: $236 The perfect little white dress that you'll wear all spring and summer long.  Sale price: $94 Tie-dye is back as one of spring's hottest trends. If you're not sure about the look, try this subtle take on the trend. Sale price: $446 If you're looking for a pair of statement sandals this season, this colorful strappy pair is them.  Sale price: $394 A statement-making top that's business in the front and party in the back.  Sale price: $180 The next wave of Staud's It bag is here just in time for summer.  Sale price: $134 Scoop up Solid & Striped's It belted one-piece while it's on sale.  Sale price: $42 Embrace the shell jewelry trend with these dainty hoops.  Sale price: $236 For a Roman Holiday-inspired summer look. Pair it with your favorite crop top and flat sandals.  Sale price: $300 An unexpected shade of pastel done in the perfect mini dress.  Sale price: $96 Meet your new everyday sandal.  Sale price: $200 Oversized sunglasses are finally back—invest in the look with this '70s-inspired pair. Sale price: $148 A belted denim jacket that accentuates and defines your waist.  Sale price: $316 Ideal for all your summer parties and picnics. Sale price: $100 A playful pair of earrings to instantly update your look for spring. Sale price: $151 Another effortlessly chic floral dress to add to your closet.  Sale price: $522 A black and white contrast to make all your looks pop. 
 Teddy coat, check. Faux-fur boots, check.  Did you make your fall fashion wish list (and check it twice) yet? If not, consider this a friendly reminder before you're stuck with too-thin-to-wear cotton dresses and sandals in that 55-degree weather. For everyone else who has an on-going list of things to buy (hello, that's me), apologies. I am about to add more fall-friendly must-haves for consideration. The silver lining here is that every single product is from Amazon—the place where you can find a sweater for under $40. It won't take much spending to outfit yourself in fall's newest trend pieces, so make room for our favorite fall style finds on your wish list now. Google "teddy coats" and you'll see the trend is still alive and flourishing this season. The textured outerwear is gaining steam again in various styles, from color-blocking to neon colors, but opt for the original hues like this autumnal fall brown to keep it classically tasteful.  There are so many ways to wear this dress for the cooler temperatures ahead. You can cover up with a blazer, tuck a turtleneck underneath, or throw an oversize sweater on top so only the lower half shows in a "is it a dress or is it a skirt?" illusion.  If you love Dr. Martens and already have combat boots from them, go for this Chelsea ankle boot variation. You can wear right now all the way into winter, thanks to the warm faux fur lining on the inside. The soles are also slip-resistant, so don't worry about that invisible patch of ice on the sidewalk. A baggy turtleneck you can shrink into and not feel guilty about wearing six out of the seven days of the week. This top comes in eight other colors and, most importantly, according to customers, isn't itchy. Buy in your regular size unless you want an even slouchier look.  When you're all bundled up, it's easy to forgo jewelry. This pearl bracelet will convince you to do otherwise. The shiny iridescent shapes coupled with multicolored beads deserves to see the daylight, so wear the piece by itself or with a few other delicate gold chains.  The one feature that makes this blazer different than the other ones hanging in your current closet is the built-in belt. The natural waist-cinching design makes you look instantly put together even if you just wear this with jeans. Throw on a pair of heels and earrings and you'll be ready to head out the door in minutes.  Tired of #sweaterweather? This black top with sheer puff sleeves is the one-piece you need to spice up your shirt options for fall. Since nothing else is see-through, you can definitely wear this to work tucked into a pair of jeans or trousers.  If you didn't know this luxury shoe brand was sold on Amazon, now you do. You can find a wide array of styles, from loafers to heels and boots. One of our favorites is this skinny sock boot with a pointed toe. It's a sleek and versatile everyday shoe to rock with jeans or underneath a dress. This outerwear is tagged as one of Amazon's "best sellers" and has over 7,000 reviews. One person wrote "It's a decent thickness down jacket that stands up to Michigan winters" while another wrote, "No. Doesn't hold up to Seattle weather. Soaked thru to clothes underneath." Though the jacket is cute and looks luxe, reviews on the quality of the piece are mixed. Some seemed to have gotten the coat in excellent condition, while others have discovered loose threads and holes. For the price and style, though, it doesn't hurt to order and try it on for yourself, and return if you don't like it. Say goodbye to your linen trousers and denim shorts. It's all about jeans for the next few months. Paige makes some of the softest and most comfortable denim around, which you can now shop directly from Amazon. Add this to your checkout cart along with miscellaneous items like nipple covers and iPhone cases.  Don't let the size of this scarf fool you in photos. It'll unroll into a length suitable to wear as a shawl or as a lap blanket when you're at your desk in the office. Aside from the multiple use, it'll protect your neck on even the windiest of days. Pick your spirit animal (the skirt comes in two different snakeskin prints and a tiger print) to channel for the rest of fall. The midi length shows off your ankle boots while the side slit flashes a hint of your skin's fading tan from summer. Wear it tucked over or under a sweater. •••For more stories like this, including celebrity news, beauty and fashion advice, savvy political commentary, and fascinating features, sign up for the Marie Claire newsletter. SUBSCRIBE HERE A pair of work-appropriate pants you can wear even on the weekends. According to reviewers, the bottoms are extremely well made, soft, and drapes well on the body. Wear with a pair of heeled ankle boots, so you can properly show off the flare hems.  Fleece pullovers aren't just for adventurous campers or hikers. This outdoorsy piece has been remade into cuter styles like this leopard one for anyone to wear. You can rock them with jeans and sneakers just as easily as with sweats. With all the upcoming holiday parties, work gatherings, and winter weddings, you'll need a dress you can rewear without it feeling old and boring. Enter this ruffle one-shoulder thigh-high slit gown from Keepsake the Label. Your average LBD won't compare. 
From: Marie Claire US

 And you're going to want every piece.   From dresses to denim and even footwear, Reformation has made It girls fall in love with all of its sustainable product categories. And now, thanks to a new collaboration with SOKO, the eco-conscious brand is testing its hand at jewelry too.  The sustainable brands joined forces on a capsule collection of ethically made jewelry—including fall's gold chain necklace trend and fresh takes on hoop earrings. Made using SOKO's signature materials—reclaimed cow horn and wood, and recycled brass—each of the limited-edition collection's four pieces is less than $100. Like the rest of SOKO's jewelry, the pieces are all handmade in Kenya by female artisans who earn five times more than the average artisan worker.   Reformation and SOKO are each known for their commitment to ethical sourcing, fair wages, and factory transparency. Female owned and operated, SOKO is also a certified B Corp for its work in providing opportunities to marginalized artists and dedication to its environmental practices. Along with the ethical roots and feel-good ethos behind the SOKO x Reformation collaboration, the pieces make for chic additions to your fall wardrobe. From the gold chain-link necklace to the wooden hoops, each feels unique—offering a break from your standard jewelry without breaking the bank. 
 The designer was found dead of apparent suicide in her New York apartment this morning.  Fashion designer Kate Spade has been found dead at her New York City apartment in an apparent suicide, according to law enforcement officials.   According to reports, the iconic fashion designer was discovered unresponsive in her Park Avenue apartment this morning at 10:20 AM and immediately pronounced dead on the scene. She reportedly died by hanging. Confirming the news, the Kate Spade New York brand shared a statement on Twitter, writing, "Kate Spade, the visionary founder of our brand, has passed. Our thoughts are with her family at this incredibly heartbreaking time. We honor all the beauty she brought into this world." Spade started her namesake fashion label, Kate Spade New York, in 1993 as a handbag brand. In the years to follow, the designer expanded into ready-to-wear, jewelry, shoes, and more before leaving the brand in 2006. Most recently, she launched a new fashion brand, named Frances Valentine after her daughter, in 2016.  She is survived by husband, fellow designer Andy Spade, and their 13-year-old daughter, Frances Beatrix Spade.  Our thoughts are with the family of Spade at this time.  If you or someone you know is exhibiting warning signs of suicide, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255). 
 Princess Diana's niece looks flawless as always. Princess Diana's niece, Lady Kitty Spencer, continues to build her career as a model—this time by booking a coveted role as Bvlgari's latest brand ambassador. Spencer has been working with Bvlgari for quite some time, but the new partnership gives her an official role with the brand. As Harper's BAZAAR UK reports, Spencer says of her new appointment:  Bvlagri notes that Spencer represents the brand's "fearless attitude," making her a perfect fit for the new position. Spencer has previously helped to raise funds for several charities that work with Bvlagri, including the Elton John Aids Foundation and Save the Children. Just last weekend, Spencer attended Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding in Windsor. As she's Prince Harry's cousin, it's unsurprising that Spencer was invited to the royal wedding. Princess Diana's niece wore a stunning green floral gown by Dolce & Gabbana to the ceremony, along with bright orange heels, and a green fascinator. She accessorized the look with a simple, sparkly necklace: Lady Kitty is no stranger to the spotlight, and her Instagram account instantly caught the world's attention, particularly as she regularly showcases her chic outfits, including when she got to walk the runway for Dolce & Gabbana:  What a DREAM ✨💫 Walking for @dolcegabbana in the #DGSecretDiamonds Show 💎 I love you guys so much, thank you for having me 💋 [photo via @polymoda] #DGFW18 #DGWomen #DGFamily #MFW A post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on Feb 25, 2018 at 7:18am PST
 How to wear the revitalized trend in 2018.  Once a taboo accessory reserved for tourist attire, the fanny pack has successfully staged a comeback and is now cooler than ever. From the Spring 2018 runways to the street style scene and the best dressed models off-duty, the '90s staple is having the ultimate revival this season. Whether you're looking for the cool-girl styling tricks or the best designer styles to shop, here's how to wear the fanny pack in 2018.  From ultra-nineties nylon iterations to tiny belt bags, the fanny pack took over the Spring 2018 runways in endless shapes and forms.  From left: Gucci, Marc Jacobs, Zimmermann, Balenciaga Landing the It model stamp of approval, Bella Hadid demonstrates the updated way to wear the fanny pack: by draping it across your chest like a cross body bag.  Alexander Wang fanny pack, $650, shopbop.com. SHOP Bringing the bag back to its roots, A$AP Rocky proved the once-taboo nylon version is back again and best done in the bright '90s-inspired colors.  SoJourner nylon fanny pack, $14, amazon.com. SHOP For a more subdued version of the look, try a small belt bag looped through jeans à la Karlie Kloss in a vintage Chanel bag.  Gucci belt bag, $1,100, gucci.com. SHOP Kendall Jenner has proven the versatility of the fanny pack in the past year, styling the accessory with an array of outfits. Layered over a jacket, as a belt bag, or worn around your stomach in true tourist fashion, the model puts a high-fashion twist on the look with the help of logo bags.  Prada fanny pack, $521, farfetch.com. SHOP Going for a more modern-version of the look, Halle and Chloe Bailey opted for clean, envelope-style waist bags to cinch the waist of their pantsuits.  For a more unique take on the trend, try a faux fur style sure to stand out when worn over a coat or blazer.  Shikumi fanny pack, $51, asos.com. SHOP Try a skater-inspired version of the look in a bright color sure to brighten up even the most neutral of looks.  No fanny pack? No problem. Try Rihanna's styling hack and wear a small crossbody bag with a short strap across your chest for the same effect.  Make the look work for even the coldest of temperatures by styling it over your coat or jacket, as demonstrated by Kaia Gerber.  Alexander Wang fanny pack, $495, shopbop.com. SHOP From top left: Porter-Yoshida & Co. fanny pack, $226, farfetch.com; Valentino fanny pack, $1,145, matchesfashion.com; Wandler belt bag, $415, net-a-porter.com; Proenza Schouler fanny pack, $695, nordstrom.com; Louis Vuitton Vintage belt bag, $1,492, farfetch.com. 
 That catsuit is fire... Gigi Hadid donned a fitted floral jumpsuit with a coordinating parachute by Mary Katrantzou on the Victoria's Secret 2018 runway last night, but that wasn't the end of her moment with a slim silhouette. The supermodel, who shared the famed catwalk with her sister Bella, walked the pink carpet in another standout catsuit later in the evening at the after-party.  
  Her shimmering white Atelier Versace catsuit features an off-the-shoulder shape as well as choker detail at the neck. Diagonal ruching at the waist makes for a flattering shape, while a pant that extends around the foot as opposed to cutting off at the ankle is super elongating—not that Gigi needs any help appearing long and lean. Clear PVC pumps with crystal embellishment complete the statement ensemble. Hadid kept her makeup neutral with pink blush, highlighter and a rosy lip with a subtle cat eye, with her dark blonde hair swept into a casual updo. The vibe is very Olivia Newton John in Grease done up in white with a Studio 54 mood.  Gigi returned to the Victoria's Secret runway for the first time since 2016, after taking last year's show off. The 23-year old walked with her famous sister while her mother and former reality star Yolanda Hadid watched. She was later seen at the after-party with sister Bella's boyfriend Abel Tesfaye, better known by his stage name, The Weeknd. The two were photographed together for the first time since Bella and Tesfaye officially reunited this past summer. Gigi's own boyfriend Zayn was not in attendance. 
 The model talks being empowered through style and her new collection with Revolve.  Whether she's on the red carpet, vacationing with her family, or expertly shutting down trolls on Twitter, Chrissy Teigen oozes the level of confidence and sexiness we all aspire to. After years of us admiring the model's sense of style, humor, and sex appeal, she's finally making it easier to channel her signature style with a new capsule collection she designed for Revolve.  The 36-piece collection spans from velvet pants to bodysuits, sexy dresses, and stiletto heeled boots, all offered in a neutral color palette. "These are the pieces that everybody is able to wear and mix and match and feel sexy and confident in. That's what the collection is really all about," Teigen told BAZAAR.com.   Ranging in price from $78-$268, the collection includes a variety of pieces the model can't wait to wear herself. But it's the pair of gold velvet booties that are currently holding the top spot as her favorite design, "The height is perfect, I'm kind of crazy about heel height. I don't want to teeter on the toes of my feet all the time, but I also don't want to wear kitten heels. They're so cool whether it's with a dope cigarette pant or little short shorts, or a boyfriend jean," Teigen gushed over the under-$200 boots.  Since feeling confident and sexy are the focal points of the Chrissy Teigen x Revolve collection, BAZAAR.com spoke with the model on how she uses fashion to feel confident, the trends she'd never wear, and the style lessons she plans to pass down to her daughter Luna. Below, the lessons we learned from Teigen.   1. Despite everything that's happening in the world, you can use fashion and self-care to feel empowered as a woman.  "Obviously you're never going to be able to shake what is happening in the world, I think it has everything to do with the fact that you feel happy and you feel good about yourself and just screw everybody else, honestly. If you feel good and you feel confident, sexy, comfortable, and beautiful, then that's really all that matters. I feel like if more people felt that way they wouldn't be so unhappy in their own lives. And there is obviously so much happening [in the world], but you can only take care of one person and that's yourself. So I think everyone needs to just focus on what makes them happy mentally, physically, everything." 2. Self-care is the key to confidence.  "I think self-care is the most important part of feeling confident. Taking care of yourself mentally and being able to take breathers...There is so much happening that it's really important that you feel like you're pulled together. There's so many stresses in the world right now that you want to be able to take care of yourself. For me, the most important thing is being surrounded by a really good group of people and a really good support system, there's nothing quite like that, honestly." 3. Wear what makes you feel good.  "There's a ton of trends I’ll never wear and I'm jealous of the people that do get to wear them. I work with stylists that'll sometimes be rocking dope Birkenstocks with a pair of jeans and I'm like, 'What? I could never, ever in my life get away with that!' Then I look at people who can pull off those chic, backless Gucci loafer things and I just look so silly in things like that—that's why I think confidence has so much to do with looking and feeling sexy. I'm not going to look as put together when I feel crazy—that's when you know that confidence plays a high role in fashion. Being able to feel good about yourself is going to make anything you wear look good." 4. Take an extra 15 minutes in the morning to focus on yourself.  "I'm the kind of person where if I'm going out, I want to feel pulled together, but I don't want to necessarily look like I tried too hard. I think for me, it's all about being able to wake up and to have that extra 10-15 minutes to take care of yourself and your skin. Then, just kind of do this no make-up make-up look and feel cool in your outfit. For me, doing less just makes me feel so much happier mentally because I've never been good at really trying to pull full looks together head-to-toe. I can't do my own hair, I can't do all of this so it's easy to just throw something nice on and go." And as for what fashion lessons Chrissy plans to pass down to her daughter Luna? We can all learn a thing or two from them:  "Obviously the "less is more" thing—except when it comes to eyebrows! Not like less is more in the way of showing skin, but in that you really don't need to try so hard. Take off one piece of jewelry, less makeup is more—I'm really about embracing the natural beauty. I think what's so great about living now is we actually do have this huge appreciation for diversity and different body types and different skin tones. With everything shitty that's happening, the one thing that's really changing about the world is that we have such an appreciation for uniqueness and in that regard, she's growing up in an amazing time of being able to feel comfortable in her own skin and not having to cover up whatever she finds are flaws. I mean, nowadays, flaws are uniqueness, they kind of bring out the best in us and hopefully she's going to really try and embrace that. But you never know, 'cause she's my daughter, so she might have her own thoughts on that and for all I know she might love Hot Topic. Who knows? I'll accept her no matter what she likes.  
 Will more brands follow suit?  Three seasons ago, Rodarte was one of the first major brands to move its New York Fashion Week show to Paris. But now, the Los Angeles-based fashion house is making its big NYFW comeback this September.  Designers Kate and Laura Mulleavy took to Instagram last night to announce the news, writing, "We are excited to announce we will be showing our SS19 collection during NYC Fashion Week! We are thrilled to create the show with our amazing team."  According to WWD, Rodarte's New York Fashion Week show is slated to take place on Sunday, September 9, but a specific location has yet to be announced. For its venture to Paris, the brand showed its collections during Couture Week in July. Last season, it unveiled its Fall 2018 collection with a series of portraits instead of a traditional runway show.  The portrait series starred Kirsten Dunst, who used the opportunity to announce her pregnancy, along with Grimes, Tessa Thompson, Rowan Blanchard, and more.  This season, it looks like Rodarte will not only be returning to its original show location of New York, but also to a traditional runway show instead of private appointments or a portrait series.  Of course, Rodarte's return to NYFW raises the question: will more designers follow suit? The brand was just one of many taking part in a mass exodus from the New York fashion calendar, including Proenza Schouler, Altuzarra, Tommy Hilfiger, Thom Browne, and more. Proenza Schouler has already announced that it too will be returning to New York Fashion Week this September after several seasons showing in Paris. 
 The highlight of 2017 is finally here.  With every red carpet, music video and carnival look Rihanna wears, she furthers her status as the ultimate style icon. From the Met Gala to the "Wild Thoughts" video, we've all wanted to wear one of her Bad Gal looks at one point or another and now, we finally can (well, sort of).  The singer unveiled her new Fenty for Stance sock collections featuring some of her greatest looks immortalized in sock form. The two box sets—Rihanna Award Show Box and Rihanna Music Video Box—let you wear Riri's red carpet style and music video looks on your feet (which is all us mere mortals can really ask for).  First, there's the iconic crystalized naked dress she wore to receive the 2014 CFDA Style Icon Award:    And then, the ultra-luxe and extravagant yellow Guo Pei look she shut down the 2015 Met Gala in:    Iconic.  Along with some of her best red carpet looks, Bad Gal Riri's memorable music video outfits were transformed into socks of their own too.  There's a pair featuring Rihanna's look from her "Work" video with Drake:  And the crystalized bra get-up from her "Pour It Up" video:   Unsurprisingly, all the socks already sold out—but there's a chance the $48 box sets could be re-stocked. For those looking to cop a pair, you can monitor stance.com/rihanna to see if the Riri red carpet socks come back in stock. Fingers crossed. 
 Photographer Tyler Joe captures the style set.  Dani Song, Yoyo Cao Shiona Turini and Eva Chen Bazaar's Amanda Alagem in Chanel Anya Ziourova Lauren Santo Domingo Anna Dello Russo and Giovanna Battaglia Chiara Ferragni Bazaar's Chrissy Rutheford in A.W.A.K.E Natalia Vodianova in Louis Vuitton Julia Sarr-Jamois Laura Harrier in Louis Vuitton Michelle Williams in Louis Vuitton Caroline Daur Olivia Palermo Helena Bordon Eleanora Carisi Carine Roitfeld Leandra Medine, Kate Foley, Tamu Macpherson Chiara Ferragni Julia Gall in Chanel boots Caroline Daur Yoyo Cao
 We'll take one of each, please. Re/Done co-founder Sean Barron and Attico co-founders Gilda Ambrosio and Giorgia Tordini's initial meeting was a classic fashion story. "I met Giorgia and Gilda at a dinner in Paris. I felt they were super cool," Barron tells BAZAAR.com. And like many good fashion dinners before it, a great collaboration was born from it. "In passing we said it would be fun to do something together, not really thinking it through. But a month later they dropped by our studio in LA and we started the project." Attico is a uniquely Italian brand, with two street style stars at the helm who have two very different approaches to dressing. One leans a little more posh and minimal, while the other is a little bit sportier and sexier—but together, the brand hits just the right amount flashy; a little '80s, with some florals, some bold colors, and a little glitz. Putting those ideas onto Re/Done's beloved reworked vintage model sounds like a dream project. "We share a passion for taking the old and making it new again, so the partnership came out very naturally," Ambrosio explains.  The story the women wanted to tell through this partnership was "the ability see the beauty in old found dresses and upcycle them; finding something old and making it new." It's a modern concept with sustainability at its core. "We spoke about what inspired each of us and we were aligned on vintage and sustainable fashion. And we brought all of these to the collaboration," Barron says, "We wanted to explore fashion and sustainability using vintage and upcycling while exploring slightly different price points for each of us."  Tordini echoes a similar sentiment. "The most interesting aspect of this collaboration is the possibility to reconsider and re-manage your general idea and approach towards vintage," she says. The results are a mix of re-worked vintage, bold-shouldered floral mini dresses, Swarovski crystal embossed sweatshirts, high-waisted paper bag denim, and cargo pants. None of it is about basics. These are pieces to elevate a wardrobe and give a girl something fun to put on. "The general idea is proposing a metropolitan look to wear during daytime," Tordini explains. "The overall feeling is casual, but the possibilities to style the collection are potentially infinite. The most important thing is having fun in doing it." And it's almost sold out, so if you want in on the fun, it's now or never. Shop the collaboration on barneys.com, matchesfashion.com, re/done and more. 
 It’s all in the mix for the 74-year-old model and 'I Feel Pretty' actress. When I got the call offering me a role in Amy Schumer’s   I Feel Pretty,   I hadn’t made a movie in 10 years and was on my way to dive with great white sharks off the coast of Mexico. I didn’t have time to read the script before I got on the boat, but I said yes right away because I think Amy is an Epsilon Aurigae, by which I mean a bright star and a comedic genius.  The film chronicles a woman’s newfound confidence after she wakes from a fall in SoulCycle class believing she is the most beautiful creature on the planet. It’s very funny and also very instructive about silencing the negative voices in our heads. You don’t need to suffer a concussion to recognize that when you choose to send light out into the universe, other people will be attracted to you. My character, Lily Le Claire, is a beauty entrepreneur who is always in a little Chanel suit with matching accessories. I personally don’t believe in wearing everything expensive. I love Giorgio Armani blazers as much as the plastic water shoes I bought on a Greek island for $3. Forget the myth of one “perfect” white T-shirt. To find the one that suits you, you must consider your skin undertone. If you’re pink, go for a creamy white, but if you’re yellow like me you’ll want a bright white. I stock up at the Row and J. Crew. My number-one beauty essential is concealer that you can see your skin through. The best one I know is my own from when I had my Lauren Hutton Makeup line. I hear you can still find it on eBay. I also swear by Anastasia lipstick in a warm brown shade called Rust. It takes a long time to find your personal style. Most of us just sort of bump around in the beginning. I became a model to save money to travel and experience the colorful style of other cultures, like the Maasai of Kenya. I often carry woven rattan backpacks from Malaysia. I also like Gabriela Hearst’s Nina bag for an evening out. I’ve had four operations on my leg following a motorcycle accident, so it’s goodbye to four-inch stilettos. Manolo Blahnik makes mid-heel slingbacks that feel like you’ve wrapped your feet in a Shakespeare sonnet.  I love a line Diana Vreeland wrote to Yves Saint Laurent: “Why must working women wear such drab colors?” I always try to wear a pop of something wonderful, vibrant, brilliant—colors that feel alive.
 This is a movie waiting to happen. One of the most talked about models at NYFW was working at a Chipotle just 10 days ago, Daily Mail reports. Remington Williams walked for some of the biggest names in the business this past week, including Calvin Klein, Sies Marjan, and Marc Jacobs, and she looked amazing doing it. Not bad for a girl who was washing dishes at an Austin, Texas branch of the fast casual chain the week before.  Apparently a scout saw her scrubbing away and was like, "YOU! Come with me!" and she was like, "OK, tight." And now she's strutting about town wearing super nice shit and having the time of her life. Sometimes good things happen and that makes me happy and believe the world isn't garbage. Go on, Remington! The model is now preparing to head to Europe for all the shows, and she's practicing strutting in stilettos to get ready. "[I've been wearing] the heels to the grocery store and bodega near my apartment,' she said. 'Models do not get enough credit for walking in those crazy shoes—they make it look so easy!" Of course, if she decides she hates modeling, I'm sure there will always be a place for her on the taco line. Hell, I might join. I love those sofritas! Delectable! 
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Classic only begins to define it. Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis is undeniably one of the greatest style icons of the last century. Click through to see her most memorable looks through the years. Before she became the wife of a rising politician, Jacqueline Bouvier had polished debutante style down. An elegant long white dress is just the ticket. Jackie was a vision on her wedding day to John Kennedy in 1953. Recently, Megan Markle recently proved the boatneck wedding gown to be as timeless as we always knew it to be. All-white was a theme for Mrs. Kennedy, shown here in a white hat and another boat neck. Those white gloves finish the elegant idea. It's all about chic shorts and a little button-down while vacationing at the Kennedy compound in Massachusetts in 1953. That straw topper just adds to the easy, breezy summer vibe. Always a standout when black tie is called for, Senator and Mrs. Kennedy look the part of young-political-couple-on-the-rise perfectly here. That fitted bodice gown is perfectly timeless.  Consider it mom and baby style done right. Here, Jackie is pictured with her new daughter Caroline Kennedy in 1958 in a silk printed dress. A little shift dress in any pastel in always a good idea. Here, Kennedy is casual and chic at a picnic in the park. Another day, another shift dress. This one came in a bright pink and perfectly paired with her pearl choker and dazzling earrings.  Well known for her Oleg Cassini and Chanel suits, Kennedy was well aware that a great jacket and a set of pearls make the ladylike look.  A pillbox hat and a pair of white gloves don't hurt either.  Kennedy again donned gloves and a boatneck gown to attend a dinner at the Japanese Embassy in 1961. That simple bow ties up the luxe white look. For her first official photograph as First Lady in 1961, the Southampton-born beauty wore a simple long-sleeved sheath. This casual pose illustrated her easy elegance.  Always the lady, here she is pictured wearing a Chez Ninon suit during a tour in Vienna in 1961. A contrasting hat and shimmering broach serve as standout accessories. Does it get any prettier than pink Christian Dior? The First Lady attended an event at the White House in this memorable strapless gown. While her pink Chanel suit will go down in infamy, this little shift was worn during happier times. White gloves, pearls and pumps finish the idea. Are you seeing the shift theme? A simple shape that can handle any number of colors of prints, the shift was a go-to of the First Lady's in the early 1960s. For her state visit to India in 1962, Kennedy embraced the country's love of vibrant color. This orange-hued dress with bow detail was one of her many rainbow-hued ensembles for the excusion. As her state visit in India continued, three fashion go-to's remained: pearls, white gloves, and many bow details.  The early 60s were all about Palm Springs. Here, Jackie, Caroline, John Jr. and John F. Kennedy  hit the Cali hot spot in white Mommy and Me looks, save for JFK in a black suit.  Jackie looked regal in a strapless lavender gown, diamond drop earrings, and long white gloves during a ceremony at the National Gallery of Art.  A little suit is not only for state events. Jackie appears in a boxy number in a light hue at home with her son John Jr. in 1964. Although certainly a difficult time, Jackie used fashion as an armor, looking beautiful as always in a short-sleeved suit while attending a memorial for John F. Kennedy in 1965. Always a chic pair, the former First Lady is captured walking with her sister Princess Lee Radziwill in a nautical-inspired navy suit with gold buttons. Daughter Caroline and niece Anna opted for mini dresses.  As we head into the late '60s, Kennedy begins to embrace longer, leaner silhouettes. This gilded belt lends major glamour factor to her mint gown. In an iconic casual look, Kennedy-Onassis goes barefoot in Rome in 1968 in cropped white denim and a navy tee. Her signature oversized shades were also on display. Jackie wed Aristotle Onassis in 1968. Here, pictured with her groom, she takes her earlier shift looks into boho territory with embroidery and a longer pearl necklace.  Jackie proved less is more with a simple black turtleneck and classic watch. It's always time for mini A-line skirts and smart jackets, as worn here walking along the sidewalk in NYC in 1970. This whole ensemble wouldn't look a bit out of place in 2019.  Another iconic fashion moment, in a black turtleneck, trench and cool white trousers, while leaving the Claridges hotel in London in 1970. These sisters have Italian vacation style on lock. Jackie wears a belted polka dot maxi skirt, while Lee goes for khaki trousers and a navy top in Capri.
 Like supermodel mother, like supermodel daughter.  Kaia Gerber continues to follow in her supermodel mother's footsteps in more ways than one.  Yesterday, Cindy Crawford shared side-by-side school pictures of her own high school yearbook photo next to her 16-year-old daughter's school picture this year. Much like the two's runway and editorial comparisons, the resemblance in the mother-daughter yearbook photos is uncanny—despite being taken over three decades apart.  Cindy captioned the photo, "School pics, now and then." Of course, neither Kaia nor Cindy's yearbook photo looks anything like the rest of ours did. From the eyebrows to the smile to the campaign-ready cheekbones, Kaia clearly inherited all of her mother's supermodel genes.  Though it's easy to become fixated on the mother-daughter duo's incredible resemblance, 16-year-old Kaia is busy carving out a modeling career of her own. This past September, the teenager made her runway debut at Calvin Klein's Spring 2018 show during New York Fashion Week. After that, she went on to dominate the runways in New York, London, Milan, and Paris—from Alexander Wang to Versace, Saint Laurent, Prada, Chanel and more.  Gerber has also landed campaigns for Marc Jacobs Beauty and Omega and covers of both Love Magazine and Teen Vogue. Most notably, however, the 16-year-old is already nominated for "Model of the Year" at this year's British Fashion Awards. After just one season of walking the runway, Kaia is already up against Bella Hadid, Gigi Hadid, Winnie Harlow, and Adwoah Aboah.  Cindy Crawford has, of course, been along Kaia's side every step of the way. And with a supermodel mom mentor like Cindy, this is only the beginning of Kaia's sure-to-be-legendary career. 
 Shop the heattech essentials before they sell out.   It's been a good week for affordable designer collaborations. First, Moschino x H&M dropped yesterday and now, Alexander Wang's highly-anticipated collection with Uniqlo is finally here.  The New York designer joined forces with Uniqlo for a collection utilizing the Japanese brand's signature heated technology. Just in time for winter, the collaboration of cold weather essentials includes heattech leggings, bodysuits, underwear, and turtlenecks. Offered in a range of five different colors (white, black, camel, gray, and neon green), the entire collection is under $40—meaning you better shop fast before it sells out.  The pièce de résistance—and likely the first to sell out—of the collection are the heattech leggings. Made from the brand's warming fabric, the leggings are total game-changers for your winter wardrobe (and yes, the Alexander Wang branded waistband only makes us want them more).  The leggings are also offered in an "extra warm" heattech style for those who want a little more protection from the cold at $10 more. Like the less expensive pair, the extra warm leggings are offered in three different colors: gray, white, and black.  From ribbed turtlenecks to bodysuits and matching bras and underwear, Wang x Uniqlo has plenty of winter staples (all with heated technology) for under $40. Shop some of our favorite must-haves below and browse the full collection at uniqlo.com.
 Can we bring these back for spring, please? Just about every '90s trend has made its way back to the runways in the past five years. But today, Prada decided to bring back our favorite '90s furniture instead: blow-up chairs.  Guests attending the fashion house's Spring 2019 show were seated on clear inflatable blow-up chairs in lieu of traditional benches. New York Times fashion director Vanessa Friedman shared a first behind-the-scenes look at the seating situation on Twitter:   The seats at @Prada are big blow up squares #MFW pic.twitter.com/4i5NtHiuqs  And because you asked, here is Spike Lee sitting on one of the blow-up chairs: Looking fresh out of our favorite Delia's catalog, the inflatable chairs brought back some serious nostalgia. This is the chair that we all had to have in our cool teen bedrooms. The chair that we somehow thought was straight from the "future." And most importantly, the chair that gave us some of the most iconic Britney Spears merch of all time.  So does Prada's inflatable front row seating mean our favorite '90s chairs are about to stage a comeback? We can only hope so. If you don't want to wait until Spring 2019 to try the home decor trend, there are already some blow-up chair options to shop online.  Urban Outfitters has this clear and glitter seat:  And Amazon has this classic style available in four color options:   So long velvet millennial pink couches, it's been real. 
 Rihanna, Amal Clooney and Donatella Versace will host the "Heavenly Bodies" themed event. It's officially that time again: fashion's biggest night of the year—the Met Gala—is just weeks away.  Always delivering the most show-stopping red carpet fashion, this year's Met Gala will be a religious event—quite literally—as the theme of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's next Costume Institute exhibit is, "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination." Yes, the 2018 Met Gala will be tackling the influence of Catholicism in fashion—which is sure to stir up some controversy on the red carpet.    The "Heavenly Bodies" exhibition has, however, received the official stamp of approval from the Vatican. In fact, along with over 150 designer pieces, the Costume Institute's next big exhibit will also include 50 garments and accessories loaned from the Vatican. Other brands featured include Dolce & Gabbana and Versace, both of which have a history of using religious undertones in their designs, and more unexpected inclusions like Chanel and Valentino.  "We know it could be controversial for right wing or conservative Catholics and for liberal Catholics," head curator Andrew Bolton told the New York Times. But, he clarified that the exhibit focuses "on a shared hypothesis about what we call the Catholic imagination and the way it has engaged artists and designers and shaped their approach to creativity, as opposed to any kind of theology or sociology."  Though its unclear exactly how A-list attendees will navigate this year's tricky theme on the red carpet, expect to see plenty of symbolic religious undertones and perhaps, even a few bold statements on religion. Rihanna, Amal Clooney and Donatella Versace will be co-hosting this year's Met Gala—which already guarantees some pretty epic red carpet moments to come.    When it comes to dressing for Met Gala themes, Rihanna knows best. Last year, the singer won the red carpet in an avant-garde Rei Kawakubo-designed look that was also featured in the exhibition for "Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between." Before that, she stole the show at the 2015 "China Through The Looking Glass" theme in an incredibly ornate yellow gown by Chinese couturier Guo Pei.    Despite consistently killing it on the Met Gala red carpet, this is the first time Rihanna will be co-hosting the event. This will also be Amal Clooney's first time hosting the event. Last year, Katy Perry and Pharrell Williams served as co-chairs for the Rei Kawakubo-themed Met Gala.    While a list of official celebrity attendees has yet to be confirmed, expect to see regular attendees including Sarah Jessica Parker, Madonna, Katy Perry, Kim Kardashian West (who's currently cleansing for the occasion), Kendall Jenner, Gigi and Bella Hadid and hopefully a Beyoncé appearance.  The 2018 Met Gala will take place on May 7 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. 
 The designer drew inspiration from her mother-in-law, newspaper columnist Austine Hearst Gabriela Hearst’s late mother-in-law Austine Hearst was a reporter at The Washington Times-Herald who penned a society column called “Under My Hat” in the 1940s. So when Gabriela decided to create her first-ever menswear collection (available at her New York flagship as well as Mr Porter and Bergdorf Goodman), she looked to Austine’s description of the “Ideal Male Fashion Plate” for sartorial inspiration. According to Austine,“men should aim for nonchalance, individuality, without novelty.” Her platonic ideal of a fashionable man is one who tries “not to be too neat, too matched up, too color-schemed, and too snugly fitted.” The luxe separates in the Gabriela Hearst menswear collection including Japanese cotton t-shirts, artisanal knitwear, and roomy suiting look like just what every well dressed man needs.
 The ultimate way to transition your wardrobe from summer to fall.   This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Emily Ratajkowski regularly rocks revealing outfits, but for NYFW, she became the definition of smart casual.  Attending the Daily Front Row lunch at The Park Loggia, Ratajkowski wore a black tuxedo suit, but in place of a shirt and bow tie, she opted for a white bikini top from her own line. The Las Olas Top features long string ties and comes in a range of colors. The model and actress was honored at the event as its Fashion Entrepreneur of the Year, so her tux-with-a-twist was the ideal outfit for the occasion, especially as it allowed her to promote her swimwear brand. On Instagram, Ratajkowski opened up about receiving the award, which was presented to her by Kathy Ireland. And Ratajkowski's bikini moment isn't the only time she's turned up the heat during New York Fashion Week. Stepping out for BAZAAR ICONS, the We Are Your Friends star wore a perfectly fitted, asymmetrical red dress by Zara.  btw this dress is Zara A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Sep 7, 2019 at 8:58am PDT 
 
 Kim, Kanye, Lupita, Ciara, Blake, and more attended the runway show.  Last night, Versace journeyed to New York for its first-ever Pre-Fall show commemorating what would have been the late Gianni Versace's 72nd birthday. For the occasion, Donatella hosted one of the most star-studded front rows of the year, with celebrity appearances from Lupita Nyong'o, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, Ciara, Tracee Ellis Ross, Blake Lively, Uma Thurman, and Diane Kruger. There were even unexpected guests who don't typically attend the fashion row circuit like Faith Hill, Mary J. Blige, and 2Chainz. Click through to see all the A-list action from last night's Pre-Fall 2019 show.  In an '80s-inspired two-piece Versace set.  In a red dress and matching overcoat.  In a little black Versace dress, Versace jewelry, and velvet boots.  In a silver sequin Versace dress.  In a draped blue velvet dress and yellow tassel earrings.  Kim channeled Paris Hilton's  iconic 21st birthday party look in this mini sparkling dress.  In a navy suit and gold Versace necklace. In a red and blue print dress.  In a checked suit and mini print dress by Versace. In a Clueless-inspired Versace look.  In black leather pants, a neon tee, and a fur jacket.  In a sheer floral look and black leather skirt. In a sheer Versace dress. In neon and printed Versace looks.  In a cardigan and plaid skirt by Versace. In a striped and floral jumpsuit. In a black leather jacket and print pants.  In a Versace sport look. In a little black wrap dress and velvet boots by Versace. In a colorful Versace look.
 The gift that lasts every day of the holiday season.  If it's December and you don't have your Advent calendar set up yet, is it really the holiday season? For the uninitiated, an Advent calendar is a treasured holiday classic that allows family, friends, and couples to count down to Christmas by opening a small gift every day. With an abundance of choices at our fingertips, we've narrowed down the top calendars to the best 15 that will work for you and your loved ones—no matter how varied the interests. From jewelry to chocolate, there's something here for everyone. This 12-day Advent calendar is perfect for your typical accessories fiend. Each gift offers a best-selling piece of jewelry from Missoma's core collection. This standard Advent calendar features 24 beauty samples from premium brands like Mario Badescu, Sunday Riley, and Darphin. Net-a-Porter curated 25 beauty products that are perfect for every person obsessed with skin care. Open it up to discover makeup by Charlotte Tilbury and Hourglass, as well as day-after detoxes and skin saviors from the likes of Susanne Kaufmann, Dr. Dennis Gross, and Omorovicza. Ideal for any wine lover, Vinebox's advent box includes 12 glasses of world-class wines.  Balmain offers an extraordinary 10-day Advent calendar featuring all the best in the brand's hair products. Presents include a moisturizing shampoo and the Argan Moisturizing Elixir. What better way to anticipate the holidays than by eating a piece of Godiva chocolate every day? This is a perfect option for those with sweet tooth tendencies. (Just try not to skip to days ahead!) Jo Malone London is revamping Christmas scents with this 24-day Advent calendar. Open these gifts for colognes and bath and body miniatures.  Copper Cow Coffee's Advent calendar, full of 12 days' worth of pour-overs and creamers, will make any caffeine addict crave their signature flavors year-round. Expect to find flavors like Lavender and Cardamom Lattes, and Coconut and Classic Creamers.  For those people who are dedicated to their skin care routines every month of the year. Featuring $1,504 worth of Dr. Barbara Sturm’s best products, it contains goodies like her facial scrub and super anti-aging serum. This 12-day Advent calendar features both makeup and skin care gifts from Charlotte Tilbury's range of products.  Offering more than just daily chocolate treats, this Advent gives your loved ones the chance for a holiday gift adventure! Open it for a haute chocolate experience like no other, complete with exotic bars and magical gnomes.  Each box reveals a new scent for the 24-day countdown to Christmas, from a Coastal Cypress and Sea Fennel Shower Gel to a Pink Pepperpod Body Lotion.  Don't want a traditional Advent calendar? Try out this 24-day calendar from Happy Socks, featuring 24 different pairs of the brand's high-quality and colorful socks. This Advent calendar includes 24 quarter-bottles of top-quality wines from across the globe, from a rich Super Tuscan to a barrel-aged prosecco. There's nothing wrong with opting for your traditional holiday Advent calendar. This wooden gem by Byers' Choice features 24 numbered doors and a cozy Christmas setting. Fill it up with your own goodies!
 The creative director talks champagne and music.  Virgil Abloh has quite the resume, he runs his own label Off-White, recently became the menswear creative director of a little French brand you may have heard of... Louis Vuitton. Not to mention the DJ gigs, the IKEA home collaboration and now he designs champagne bottles and cases. Last week, Abloh, a bonafide purveyor of cool, celebrated his newest design project amongst some of his closest friends in New York. We chatted with the very busy man about where he finds his inspiration, and how he unplugs from it all.  Harper's BAZAAR: You've got a lot on your plate right now, why add this new project with Moet? Virgil Abloh: I don't really have a cut-off switch when it comes to design. I'm interested in making versions, or making products I feel can make a compelling statement. When Moët reached out, I immediately had some ideas that I wanted to apply to the products.   HB: What keep you excited about design? VA: I'm mostly inspired by how people use something, or the reverence of a product— so I'm constantly inspired. For this project, I was inspired by the idea of what champagne means. How it can be symbolic of an achievement, a celebration, it has a sort of upper-echelon emotion attached to it. So the design I applied to it, as a figure of speech in a way, in my voice, using Helvetica and quotes, to say... treasure the moment, "do not drop," it's fragile. That was a way to, in contemporary speak, merge these two ideas together. HB: Where's the most glamorous place you've ever had champagne? VA: Here at the Mercer Hotel lobby HB: Where do you go for a decadent night out? VA: Probably the Mercer Hotel. It's always a hotel.... the Sunset Tower in Los Angeles, and Le Meurice in Paris.  HB: What do you do when you need to unplug? VA: Sleep [laughs] HB: You just launched a radio station? What kind of music will be played? VA: I'm already one episode down, working on the next. It's a mix of every genre that interests me... jazz, hip-hop, electronic, dance, techno/house. Anything that's good. I always listen to music as a backdrop, I hate silence. HB: You travel a lot, how do you spend your time on those long flights? VA: It's a little bit of work and sleep. I don't like sitting still, so the best way to pass time is watching films.  HB: Best films you've seen recently? VA: I saw Beautiful Boy in Los Angeles and Mid '90s.  You can buy Virgil Abloh's Moët champagne for $80 here.  
 The sister duo behind First Aid Kit talk heartbreak, fashion must-haves, and on-the-go beauty secrets presented by our partner, Gucci. Songstress sisters Johanna and Klara Söderberg of Swedish folk band, First Aid Kit, are having a moment. The burgeoning duo released their new hit album, “Ruins,” earlier this year and recently performed at the historic Beacon Theatre in New York City. Recognized not only for their original lyrics and perfect harmonies, the band’s stylish music videos and stage presence are also inspiring the fashion set, with Gucci taking notice.  What sets this album apart from your previous music?This is a break up album. It’s quite dark and melancholic. It’s more personal than our previous albums. Because of the lyrical content, we wanted to make this record a little rough and raw. It’s not perfect, but it feels very honest and heartfelt. We tried to achieve a live-feeling to the sound. We recorded with this incredible big session band all together in the same room. It was a very spontaneous and fun process. SHOP THE SHOOT Inspirations behind the album?The inspirations for the album came from so many different places. New discoveries like the band Big Thief, Angel Olsen, and Kevin Morby. But also, old time classics like Fleetwood Mac, Heart, and Gram Parsons.  "We're all in this together, we've all been through heartbreak in one way or another. We'll get through it."   What journey do you hope the listeners will take?We just hope the listener can relate to the songs and really take them in. For us writing these songs was very therapeutic, hopefully it feels the same way for the listener. Maybe when listening to “Ruins” they can feel less lonely and more connected to the world.  We’re all in this together, we’ve all been through heartbreak in one way or another. We’ll get through it. You just performed at the Beacon Theatre—what does this mean to you?Performing at the Beacon was such a huge honor. We’d never been there before and were stunned by the beauty of the building. We got goosebumps standing on stage looking out at all the gorgeous scenery. It has such a regal and majestic vibe. The fact that so many of our musical heroes have played there before definitely influenced our performance. You can feel it in the air. It was an unforgettable evening. How does your music influence your style and vice versa?We are huge fashion fans, but the music always comes first. We want to look the way we sound; it all has to go together. We literally wear our influences on our sleeves. Whether it’s a nudie inspired suit à la Gram Parsons or a fringe dress like one worn by Emmylou Harris. We’ve always loved the music of the ‘60s and ‘70s. That whole era was so interesting in fashion too, so revolutionary and creative. Favorite Gucci pieces from the shoot?We loved everything from the shoot. It was such a dream to get to wear these pieces. Our favorite out of all them has to be the green jumpsuit. Because it fit like a glove and has the perfect ‘70s retro vibe. We also fell in love with those sequined shoes as well. They are so dainty and cute, but badass at the same time.  SHOP THE SHOOT How has your personal style evolved over the years? Our style has changed a lot over the years. When we started out we both had short hair and a very unisex look. We wore flannel shirts, jeans, and boots. It was very basic. A few years later we started wearing a lot of long floral bohemian vintage dresses. With “Ruins” we wanted to add a little bit more ‘70s glam rock to our style. It’s a little darker and edgier, going with the sound of the record. These days our private style is more minimalist and functional. It’s nice to have that contrast between being on and off-stage. Putting on a stage outfit should be like a ritual, like entering a new world.  "Putting on a stage outfit should be like a ritual, like entering a new world."  How has Stockholm influenced your aesthetic?It’s definitely very inspiring to live in Stockholm. People do have some amazing style here, even though it can be really difficult to know how to dress in the freezing cold! Lately we’ve seen a lot of Swedes move away from that minimalistic monochromatic look, instead trying more bolder colors and patterns. It’s refreshing.   Current fashion obsessions? Go-to uniforms?Our go-to uniforms at-the-moment must be either straight leg jeans, vintage t-shirts, and plaid blazer OR oversized colorful jumper over a midi length skirt or dress. Always worn with cowboy boots.   When touring, what skincare routine do you follow and what are your makeup must-haves?Since we fly a lot, moisturizing is key. We love sheet masks and wear them on long flights, we probably look ridiculous, haha. We try to use organic products whenever possible. It feels nice to use something that looks great that is also good or the skin, instead of using chemical products.
 Meghan carried the brand's midi-tote on her first official engagement in Nottingham. The Meghan Markle effect is in full swing. After her white coat sparked an internet surge earlier this week, the handbag that the former Suits star carried on her first official engagement with Prince Harry has immediately gained a lot of attention. The future royal teamed her navy coat from Canadian brand Mackage with a bag from Edinburgh-based label Strathberry for her first royal walkabout in Nottingham on Friday. The £495 midi-tote is available in a variety of colours, but Meghan's burgundy, navy and vanilla version sold out within 11 minutes, the brand told ELLE UK.  In a statement, a Strathberry representative said the company was "thrilled" that Prince Harry's fiancée picked one of its designs. The brand has confirmed that it will be restocking the sought-after bag in the new year. "We are delighted at the news of Meghan and Prince Harry's engagement and wish them all the best for this exciting period. It was a fantastic surprise to see that Meghan selected one of our core Strathberry styles to carry on her first royal engagement." The independently owned label prides itself on quality craftsmanship. The bags, which start at £225, can take up to 20 hours to make and are stocked in luxury department stores around the world. Just like with the "Kate-effect," people have been desperate to match Meghan, which has already increased sales for a number of other brands. The coat she wore to the engagement photocall sold out at Canadian label Line The Label on Monday, and her nude heels from Aquazzura also sold out on several sites. 
From: ELLE UK

 Ming Xi took a tumble, but she kept her smile on the whole time. Even Angels fall sometimes. During the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show today in Shanghai, model Ming Xi took a tumble on the runway.  Poor Xi Meng Yao took a fall onstage 😭😭 Baby girl got back up and gave a gorgeous pose though (topic currently trending too), hoping they don’t cut her out ♥️#奚梦瑶 #ximengyao #mingxi pic.twitter.com/VHQ2Heik1w I'm so sad for Ming Xi, she must be so sad and embarrassed bc this has never happened before :( pic.twitter.com/pGFYOPpE7o But she recovered perfectly, and kept her smile on the whole way through—even as she was on the ground fixing her floral wings. HERE'S MING XI FALLING BUT STILL LOOKING GORGEOUS AS HELL THAT'S HOW YOU DO IT!!! pic.twitter.com/7y1UahKSQr However, her fellow model Gizele Oliveira came to the rescue and gracefully helped Xi up to her feet. She even stood back to applaud Ming as she finished her walk.  Gizele is a true angel by helping Mingxi when she fell 😭😭😭 pic.twitter.com/yhtqVovzne Regardless of the fall, she killed it. Xi went on to model the new VS x Balmain collaboration too—chains, spikes and all.  Since the Victoria's Secret Fashion Shows are usually filmed twice, it's likely Xi's tumble won't make it to the final broadcast. The only thing harder than falling on the runway is getting back up; and Ming Xi did that beautifully.
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 Sweater weather is upon us.  It's officially time to pull out all those sweaters you shoved into the back of your closet last season. Finding new ways to style classic knits can sometimes feel a bit uninspired, but this season's sweater outfit options are endless. Just in time for fall dressing, we rounded up some fresh sweater outfit ideas to inspire your wardrobe this season.   Back to in between-ish season 🍊 . Knit @topshop Bag @shrimps Skirt @topshop Sneakers @balenciaga . 📸 @smnthmchn . #beadedbag #topshopstyle #springoutfits A post shared by  Fashion Youtuber (@karenbritchick) on Mar 14, 2019 at 3:28pm PDT When the weather begins to change, there's no need to put your slip dresses away. Just grab your chunkiest and brightest sweater to layer on top and style it with sneakers for a casual moment. Voila, a  new look! Orange is the fall color trend here to stay. Test it out in chunky knit turtleneck form.  Be a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day in the perfect slip dress.    Color today 🐎 A post shared by  T Y L Y N N N G U Y E N (@tylynnnguyen) on Mar 27, 2019 at 10:27am PDT There's nothing better than an oversized cozy knit paired with slim jeans and boots. The look is easy and works for any occasion—plus, you can style your favorite tee underneath and shed layers on those fall days that still get a bit warm.  This knit is neutral enough, but still has the power to amp up a casual look.  Add a little dimension and color to any look with the helpful of a striped sweater. Bright accessories amp up the look by playing off the stripes.  Pastels make for an unexpected fall color palette—and this striped iteration makes any look stand out even more.    quick pit stop 🍳🥐☕️🏁 A post shared by  caroline grosso (@caroline_grosso) on Oct 1, 2017 at 5:24am PDT Who says you can't wear white after Labor Day? Winterize your white denim with a classic heather grey sweater and loafers.  A closet staple that you can never have too many of. The frayed hem and frontal yoke lend a little something extra to this classic white denim mini.   just a green bean heading to the polls 🥦 A post shared by  alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on Nov 6, 2018 at 7:44am PST Need an alternative to the typical sweater? Go for a cardigan. No longer reserved for your grandma, cardigans can be paired with wide leg pants or your favorite jeans.  Add some '90s vibes to your look with this soft shade of pistachio.    Weekend Mode 🕸 @santoniofficial #SantoniFW18 #Santoni photo @conradoveliz #NausheenShah A post shared by  Nausheen Shah (@nausheenshah) on Nov 2, 2018 at 3:00pm PDT Try a turtleneck that unexpectedly lets you show a little skin for an element of surprise.  You'll look far from basic in this cutout knit sweater.   Oh hi Monday A post shared by  Pernille Teisbaek (@pernilleteisbaek) on Mar 25, 2019 at 7:23am PDT Transform a classic cardigan by layering a feminine blouse underneath.  Wear this button-down collared blouse solo or layered under your favorite sweater.  Everlane has an array of sweaters that check all the boxes for your must-have sweater looks.   Say cheese 📸 @mango #mango #ads A post shared by  Adenorah (@annelauremais) on Dec 15, 2018 at 2:05am PST A cozy sweater dress will never steer you wrong. Just style it with a pair of knee-high boots and you're good to go.  For that moment when you when you don't feel like trying too hard.  Peak cozy 🌨 A post shared by  aemilia!!! (@aemiliafay) on Nov 6, 2017 at 7:34am PST From the gym to brunch or running errands, pair an oversized turtleneck with your go-to leggings for a casual and comfy look.  This everyday sweater might just be your new best accomplice this season.   Who said that Jamaicans can’t handle the cold? 😘 🇯🇲 ❄️🇨🇭🥶 A post shared by  All The Pretty Birds (@tamumcpherson) on Jan 4, 2019 at 11:37am PST Fair Isle Sweater + Puffer = a winning combination. Brave the cooler temps and look like you just walked off the slopes without breaking a sweat.  There's nothing better than a fair isle sweater to put you in the spirit of the new season.  sunday best as in this is the best i could do 🤷🏻‍♀️ A post shared by  lauren caruso (@laurencaruso_) on Jan 27, 2019 at 10:13am PST This look is downtown cool with a touch of feminine charm. Puffy sleeves are still having a moment into fall. For a fresh spin on the look, try styling a puff-sleeved sweater with track pants.  Ganni theoutnet.com $225 SHOP NOW Everyone's fav brand, Ganni, makes the best sweaters and here's one you should definitely add to your wardrobe. 
 Liven up the fashion landscape this season in bright shades and sharp lines. Liven up the fashion landscape this season in bright shades and sharp lines. Giorgio Armani coat, $8,495 pants, $1,695, and earrings, $595, armani.com. Fendi boots, $13,000, similar styles available at fendi.com.   BEAUTY BAZAAR: Firm skin and increase brightness with Neutrogena Rapid Wrinkle Repair Regenerating Cream ($28).  Michael Kors Collection trench coat, $3,995, turtleneck, $1,250, and earrings, $115, michaelkors.com. Hermès coat, $8,100, sweater, $1,400, pants, $3,075, belt, $1,150, socks, $350, and sandals, $1,475, hermes.com; Tiffany & Co. earrings, $2,500, tiffany.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR Bare legs look soft and smooth when you use Le Petit Marseillais Extra Gentle Vanilla Milk Shower Crème ($5). Calvin Klein 205W39NYC blazer, $1,695 skirt, $1,250, gilet, $895, sleeves, $495, and sandals, $895 calvinklein.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Peter Thomas Roth 24K Gold Pure Luxury Lift & Firm Prism Cream gives your complexion a boost of luminosity ($42). Salvatore Ferragamo coat, $4,800, pants, $570, and shoes, price upon request, ferragamo.com; Tiffany & Co. earrings, $4,000, tiffany.com. BEAUTY BAZAAR: Foundation glides on evenly and stays in place when paired with Physicians Formula #InstaReady Face Primer SPF 18 ($13). Max Mara coat, $7,590, turtleneck, $695, and skirt, $545, maxmara.com; Tiffany & Co. earrings, $1,250, tiffany.com; Jil Sander boots, jilsander.com. BEAUTY BAZAAR: Olay Luminous Micellar Water gently but thoroughly removes every last trace of makeup ($8).  Bottega Veneta blazer, $3,580, turtleneck, $1,280, and skirt, $950, bottegaveneta.com; David Yurman earrings, $950, davidyurman.com.  Valentino coat, $7,890, and dress, $8,600, valentino.com; Valentino Garavani earrings, $745, valentino.com; Jil Sander boots, $1,185, jilsander.com.  Céline shirt, $2,600, pants, $1,600, booties, $890, and earrings, $440, celine.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR Estée Lauder Double Wear Nude Water Fresh Makeup Broad Spectrum SPF 30  provides radiant, long-lasting coverage ($42).  Louis Vuitton jacket, pants, and boots, prices upon request, louisvuitton.com.  Model: Mayowa Nicholas; hair: Noelia Corral; makeup: María Martínez for M.A.C. Cosmetics; production: Silvia Pogliani for mmproductions.it.
 We paired the 14 top boot trends with the season's covetable and colorful furs. 
   BIG RED  The Boots: Fendi leather and ribbed knit thigh-high boots, $1,350 SHOP On Brianna: Yves Salomon Army reversible parka,  $2,680, yves-salomon.fr; Miu Miu earrings, $370, net-a-porter.com; On Rachel: Yves Salomon jacket, $8,350, yves-salomon.fr; Fendi white cotton shirtdress, $1,250, and red leather skirt, $4,150, fendi.com; Jennifer Fisher earrings, $485, jenniferfisherjewelry.com.   BEST WESTERN  
  The Boots: Louis Vuitton "Limitless" boot, $1,780 SHOP and Calvin Klein 205W39NYC western two-tone leather boots, $1,425 SHOP On Brianna: Michael Kors Collection coat, price upon request, michaelkors.com; Louis Vuitton dress, $3,350, louisvuitton.com. On Rachel: CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC coat, $3,995, barneys.com.  SWEET STATEMENT  The Boots: Gucci "Fosca" booties, $2,390 SHOP On Brianna: Diane Von Furstenberg coat, $598, dvf.com; Gucci velvet dress, $4,800, gucci.com; Dannijo "Zee" earrings, $420, dannijo.com.  PATTERN PLAY     The Boots: Christian Louboutin "Moulamax" velvet bootie, $1,095 SHOP and  Erdem printed bootie, $860 SHOP On Brianna: Erdem top, $1,340, skirt, $1,270, erdem.com; Rochas coat, $5,640, rochas.com; Aurelie Bidermann earrings, $615, aureliebidermann.com. On Rachel: Valentino dress and coat, price upon request, valentino.com.  COMBAT REDUX  The Boots: Altuzarra "Cosmo" combat boot, $2,195 SHOP and Valentino "Soul Rock Stud" combat boot, $2,475 SHOP On Brianna and Rachel: Sonia Rykiel feather embellished dresses and fur scarves, price upon request, soniarykiel.com.  GLITTER KICK    The Boots: Chanel glitter fabric and leather boots, $1,575 SHOP On Brianna: Chanel coat, $16,520, tights, $803, and shorts, $1,500, chanel.com. On Rachel: Chanel skirt, $3,362, chanel.com; Off-White jacket, price upon request, off---white.com; Dannijo "Stefano" earrings, $245,  dannijo.com.  POSH PEARLS  The Boots: Aquazzura "Cosmic Pearl" thigh high boots, $1,995 SHOP On Brianna: Ellery coat, price upon request, ellery.com; Wolford pearl net tights, $237, uktights.com; Gucci earrings, $490, net-a-porter.com.  VELVET FIX    The Boots: Ellery thigh-high boots, price upon request SHOP On Rachel: Mary Katrantzou coat, $13,675, harrods.com; Wolford bodysuit, $250, wolford.com; Jennifer Fisher ring, $215, jenniferfisherjewelery.com.  JUST WHITE  The Boots: Miu Miu knee-high boots, $1,490 SHOP On Rachel: Miu Miu coat, $2,910, 24sevres.com; Marni earrings, $470, net-a-porter.com.  ALL ENCRUSTED  The Boots: Saint Laurent "Niki 105" crystal boots, $10,000 SHOP On Brianna: The Row coat, $24,990, neimanmarcus.com; Isabel Marant earrings, $485, net-a-porter.com.  SATIN STRUT  The Boots: Tibi "Alexis" satin ankle boots, $675 SHOP On Rachel: Brock Collection coat, $18,000, modaoperandi.com; Stella McCartney earrings, $310, fwrd.com.  GO SLOUCH  The Boots: Gianvito Rossi "Laura" leather boots, $1,625 SHOP On Rachel: Fendi coat, price upon request, fendi.com; Tibi slip dress, $695, tibi.com; Ellery earrings, $465, modaoperandi.com. On Brianna: Marni jacket, $3,470, and skirt, $1,380, marni.com; J.W. Anderson earrings, $405, net-a-porter.com.  WALKING SHOES  The Boots: Off-White patent leather boots, $2,105 SHOP On Rachel: Off-White coat, $9,823, off---white.com. On Brianna: Proenza Schouler coat, $8,500, proenzaschouler.com; Marni earrings, $350, net-a-porter.com.  PATENT POWER     The Boots: Chloé patent leather ankle boots, $860 SHOP On Brianna: Chloé dress, $3,950, net-a-porter.com, and coat, $6,150, chloe.com.  Created by Carrie Goldberg; Photography by Christian Oth; Makeup by Moani Lee for Beauty Exchange NYC; Hair by Michael Thomas Lollo; Models Brianna Mellon with ONE  and Rachel Fox with The Society Management; Photography Assistant Francisco Bravo; Styling Assistant Stephanie Alexandris. SHOP THE LOOK 
 "In my wildest dreams I would have never imagined doing 17 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Shows." Over the weekend, rumors spread that this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai would be Alessandra Ambrosio's last one ever. Though reports yesterday appeared to confirm the news, the VS Angel refrained from publicly addressing the news herself on social media—until now. In an emotional Instagram post this morning, the model said goodbye to the VSFS, after walking 17 shows. "Words cannot describe how grateful I am to have been working for this amazing brand that inspires me and women all over the world," Ambrosio, 36, wrote. "In my wildest dreams I would have never imagined doing 17 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Shows."  She thanked VSFS executive producer Ed Razek and her "Victoria’s Secret family" for "making these memories unforgettable," but the hardest goodbye was to her fellow Victoria's Secret Angels, who include Adriana Lima (who's walked since 1999), Lily Aldridge, Candice Swanepoel, and more.  "Last night was so emotional to say goodbye to my #angel sisters but we put on the biggest and best show ever," Ambrosio continued. "I could not have done this without all the love and support from my fans. It gives me great pride to be part the Victoria’s Secret movement! I will always be cheering for you! Love you forever ❤️." Read her full post here:  Words cannot describe how grateful I am to have been working for this amazing brand that inspires me and women all over the world. In my wildest dreams I would have never imagined doing 17 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Shows. Thank you Ed, and all my Victoria’s Secret family for making these memories unforgettable. Last night was so emotional to say goodbye to my #angel sisters but we put on the biggest and best show ever. I could not have done this without all the love and support from my fans. It gives me great pride to be part the Victoria’s Secret movement! I will always be cheering for you! Love you forever ❤️ A post shared by  Alessandra Ambrosio (@alessandraambrosio) on Nov 21, 2017 at 3:20am PST Ambrosio made her Victoria's Secret Fashion Show debut in 2000. Since then, she's become a known staple of the lingerie brand. Her highlights on the runway include wearing the Fantasy Bra twice, walking while pregnant with her second child, and wearing the heaviest wings the event has ever seen, weighing 30 pounds. The model explained to Entertainment Tonight yesterday that she's parting ways with the brand to spend more time on her swimsuit line, Ale by Alessandra, and focus on her acting career. Though she won't be completely be out of the spotlight, we'll still miss seeing her on the catwalk. Take a look at her VSFS evolution below:
 Shop the collab before it sells out.   First there were Balenciaga Crocs, then there were Y/Project Uggs, and now, we've got Valentino Birkenstocks. The luxury fashion house collaborated with the footwear brand on two reimagined pairs of its signature sandals, both of which are available to shop online beginning today.  Valentino creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli put his twist on Birkenstock's classic 'Arizona' sandal with two new unisex styles. The collaboration first debuted on the Valentino runway at Men's Paris Fashion Week last month when models donning tailored suit separates wore the sandals styled with black socks.  The first of two styles, which retail for $495, are a pair of black sandals with the 'VLTN' logo across the side in white.  The second, which retail for a little less at $460, are done in the signature Valentino red color—sans the oversized logo.   Given fashion's ongoing love affair with the ugly shoe trend, the timing of Valentino's collaboration with Birkenstock is perfect. The classic two-strap sandals have seen a resurgence amongst the fashion set on the street style scene and the 'gram over the past couple seasons.    If the new designer iterations aren't your thing, you can always stick with the classic Birkenstock sandals—which come in colors from white leather to black—for spring.  Along with the Birkenstock revival, the Spring 2019 runways also previewed the comeback of Teva sandals. The throwback nylon sandals appeared on the runways of several shows including Tome, Anna Sui, and Collina Strada at New York Fashion Week. This season, it appears both comfort and nostalgia are key.
 Silvia Tcherassi  is not for the wallflowers... Silvia Tcherassi is not new to the fashion game. The Colombian-born designer has been in the industry for over two-decades—with bridal, home, ready to wear and accessories collections to her name. She's been honored with France's Chevalier de l’Ordre des Arts et des Lettres and her bold designs are favored among the Instagram-set for their use of color, print and unexpected use of shape. In other words,  Silvia Tcherassi is a name you should recognize. Often lauded for her innovative daywear, Tcherassi is going full on evening with a new, feminine 25-piece collection exclusive to Moda Operandi, with an emphasis on beautiful draping, dramatic florals and standout silhouettes, with a few paillettes mixed in for good measure.  "This elevated capsule was created with many different women in mind and is a twist to her typical designs, offering an ultra feminine look," Moda’s SVP of Merchandising, Mary Chiam, tells BAZAAR.com.  BAZAAR spoke with Tcherassi about her ultimate inspiration and the perfect party spot. Harper's BAZAAR: What was the inspiration for the evening wear collection? Silvia Tcherassi: I was thinking in holiday destinations around the world and different kinds of women: from the ultra-feminine to the more fashion-forward. Each piece was created individually, playing with different fabrics and color palettes. Who do you see as the Silvia Tcherassi Girl? ST: A girl who loves fashion, loves to travel, appreciates little details and values quality over quantity. Women in search of a unique and personal style inspire me. How do the different locales you’ve lived and worked in influence you? ST: In the Caribbean, I learned to value the importance of openness, the tireless pursuit of happiness and the richness of our culture. The sun and the sea are magical. In Miami, a bridge between Latin America, North America and Europe, I feel more multicultural. Today, the city is a cultural and design hub bringing creativity and innovation. I love to work with my providers in Italy because I enjoy the process of creating fabrics, admiring the heritage of these companies and their commitment to technology to keep its legacy running. Is there one woman you’d love to see in ST? ST: Meghan Markle. I think her wedding gown and last looks have been amazing. Her style represents a modern take in tradition and she values fashion as a communication tool. I hope to see Kaia Gerber wearing one of my designs very soon. She is the face of her generation. How would you describe your personal style? ST: Two words: Casual chic.  Is it reflected in the line? ST: Totally. I believe in an elegance that is not forced or studied, that searches not for perfection but instead to reflect a personality. It's something I call “effortless elegance." The quest for this kind of elegance is the motivation of my creative process. All my projects, fashion, hotels and home collection, follow the same vision. I am an admirer of natural elegance without pretensions. And that differentiates the woman with style from the fashion victims.  Why was Moda Operandi a good partner for this capsule? ST: After the success of my embellished Wayúu mochila bags years ago, we started to talk about doing something special together and I think this is the perfect timing. In addition, Lauren Santo Domingo [founder, Moda Operandi] has a very unique fashion sense and has been very supportive of my endeavors. She was the first to declare the Tcherassi Hotel inCartagena as “the chicest spot for the fashionable flock.” What is your ultimate evening destination? ST: Of course Cartagena de Indias during Holidays and, especially, New Year’s Eve.
 Gucci kicks off Milan Fashion Week with a multicultural show.  Alessandro Michele kicked off Milan Fashion Week today with Gucci's Spring 2018 collection. Celebrating a diverse mix of cultures, the show combined Indian, Aztec, and Egyptian influences, styled together as one mash-up, from the set down to the eclectic pieces. See all the highlights from the colorful show below.  1) The culturally-diverse space was based off an ancient map. According to Gucci's Instagram, the runway symbolized the Tiber River (which flows through Rome), while the backdrop was an early medieval structure and map featuring arches in Indian, Egyptian, and Aztec styles. Ancient Roman and Egyptian statues surrounded the show space.    The #GucciSS18 show space recounts diverse inspirations and aesthetics. The setting’s captions written into the floor resemble a modern translation of an ancient map featuring Roman poet Orazio’s country home. The runway is Tiber river; while the map is juxtaposed with the layout of the Imperial Fora, dotted with classical statues from different periods and cultures. The backdrop is an early medieval structure with a double portico and the runway features three arches in Indian, Aztec and Egyptian styles. Surfaces in bubbled pvc and streetlights give a metropolitan feel. See the collection live now on Instagram Live. #AlessandroMichele #mfw A post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on Sep 20, 2017 at 6:29am PDT  Rome wasn’t built in a day and neither was @gucci’s breathtaking show venue. Ahead of the house’s highly anticipated S/S 2018 show today at the @piuarch-designed Gucci Hub, we’re bringing you an exclusive first look at the set that took three weeks to assemble. Creative director @lallo25 was inspired by an ancient map leading to the country-house of the Roman poet Horace, and transformed the brand's set into a modern map of the location, with modern street lamps, graphics inspired by the Milan metro, and a striking blue catwalk evoking the route of the River Tiber. The set is interspersed with a collection of pillars and statues, and features three grand historical arches, through which Gucci's models will interweave – see more of the venue in our Instagram stories. #Gucci #ss18 (📷: @jasonlloydevans) A post shared by  Wallpaper* (@wallpapermag) on Sep 20, 2017 at 6:02am PDT Mummies, the Sphinx, Greek gods, broken columns...some of Alessandro Michele's influences @Gucci this season #MFW pic.twitter.com/bu93UueYrq  2) The star-studded front row included A$AP Rocky, Dakota Johnson, Petra Collins and more.   Caught ASAP taking a picture of me. Stalker. A post shared by  Jessica Diehl (@jessicaediehl) on Sep 20, 2017 at 7:07am PDT 3) Making a political statement, the collection was "an act of resistance." According to show notes, "Each garment vibrates with an intellectual tension that resists homologation." "Each garment vibrates with an intellectual tension that resists homologation" - so say the @Gucci show notes #MFW pic.twitter.com/hlY0oOoKpY 4) The fannypack is here to stay. Models carried a variety of Gucci fannypacks down the runway, indicating the revival trend isn't going anywhere just yet.   5) The show included a whopping 108 looks. Much like the runway set, the collection was an eclectic mix of cultures, time periods, and styles. An array of pieces celebrated '70s glitz with glistening sparkles while others took inspiration from the Aztec and Egyptian cultures referenced on the runway.  6) Bugs Bunny and Snow White made unexpected appearances. Menswear pieces enjoyed some throwback nostalgia, embroidered with the classic animated characters.  7) Continuing to play off of knockoffs and counterfeit goods, "Guccy" bags were sent down the runway. Alessandro Michele continues to get cheeky with his accessories—and his penchant for logomania is still going strong.   A men’s Prince of Wales suit worn with a #Guccy bag and animal head rings crafted in silver, from the #GucciSS18 fashion show by #AlessandroMichele. The graphic font printed on the bag is the same used by interactive entertainment company @sega. #mfw A post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on Sep 20, 2017 at 8:40am PDT
  The jeweler's first luxury holiday catalogue also includes a 3-Oven Cast Iron Range and a motorcycle. For this year's holidays, come and trim your Christmas tree with decorations bought at Tiffany. Ahead of December, the luxury jewelry retailer has announced its first ever holiday catalogue, which will feature 12 one-of-a-kind items by Tiffany & Co., from a ritzy spin on your classic advent calendar to a custom-made motorcycle. “This holiday we wanted to really surprise our customers in a whole new way by showcasing the most awe-inspiring objects and experiences that you can only find at Tiffany,” said Reed Krakoff, the chief artistic officer of Tiffany & Co. “In addition to many exciting new designs and collections, this year we’ve curated 12 gifts that represent the best of the best and embody the artistry and craftsmanship at the heart of our brand.” Among the 12 gifts, expect to find a four-foot-tall advent calendar, rendered as an illustrative take of the jeweler's Fifth Avenue flagship store. For 24 days, the calendar houses surprises like a sterling silver paper cup or a Tiffany T True bracelet in 18k yellow gold. Prices for the advent calendar begin at $112,000.  Tiffany also partnered with Indian Motorcycle Co. to create a custom-made Tiffany Blue motorcycle, complete with 16” laced wheels with chrome-plated rims and spokes dressed in vintage tread tires, stainless steel exhaust, and a custom sterling silver Indian Motorcycle x Tiffany & Co. plaque. Other gifts include a sterling silver greenhouse for your garden lovers, an AGA Total Control 3-Oven Cast Iron Range for your culinary enthusiasts, and even an 11-day safari trip in Kenya for your nature conservators.  Prices start from $35,000. 
 From Pharrell's runway appearance to the Chanel Diner.  Last night, Karl Lagerfeld unveiled Chanel's latest Metiers d'Art show in New York, marking its first show in the city in over a decade. Much like all the fashion house's runway extravaganzas, there was a big theme at play, a star-studded front row, and a new crop of accessories to get us talking. But this show also included a few surprises, like Pharrell walking the runway (in gold pants, nonetheless), and the Chanel Diner we never knew we needed. Catch up on all 6 things you need to know from the night below.  In the past, Chanel's jet-setting Metiers d'Art show has been presented in Hamburg, Rome, and of course, Paris, but Lagerfeld opted to unveil the latest at the Upper East Side museum.  If you thought the show's location meant a New York-inspired collection was coming, think again. Instead, the runway unfolded in The Temple of Dendur area of the Met's Egyptian wing—where its backdrop served as the real inspiration to all 85 looks of the show. And Lagerfeld really took the theme to heart.  The collection, which was practically dripping in gold, featured a lineup of Egyptian-inspired accessories like pyramid-shaped bags, collar necklaces, and gold boots galore. While there was still a bout of Chanel signatures like tweeds and suiting, they were styled with gold opaque tights and matching gold boots.  The musician first made his runway debut two years ago at Chanel's 2016 Metiers d'Art show. A frequent muse and collaborator to the brand, he returned to the runway last night wearing an all gold look.  Chanel always delivers a celebrity-filled front row, but last night's was especially star-studded. Julianne Moore, Penelope Cruz, Lily Rose Depp, Janelle Monae, Diane Kruger, Margot Robbie, Marion Cotillard, Rowan Blanchard, and Christy Turlington Burns were all in attendance for the brand's New York show.    Little Hudson is growing up quickly and walked the show in a gold Pharaoh-inspired look.   Would you like fries with that? Duh @chanelofficial 🍟🍔🍟🍔 #Chanelinnyc #Chanel A post shared by  Joanna Hillman (@joannahillman) on Dec 4, 2018 at 6:49pm PST The diner of our dreams came to life after the show, serving up burgers, fries, and spiked Shirley Temples Chanel style. The all-American meal was then followed up with ice cream sundaes and milkshakes. Who can we talk to about making this a permanent restaurant?
 The tennis icon's new fashion brand, Serena, launches today.  Since the start of her career, Serena Williams has used her strength to empower women across the globe. Now, the tennis icon is looking to do so through a new medium: a fashion line of her own.  Just one day after winning her first Grand Slam match since giving birth to daughter Olympia, Williams is debuting her first eponymous fashion brand, Serena. With affordable prices ranging from $35 - $250, the first drop of the collection, a 12-piece capsule, officially launches today.    Serena bralette, $45, briefs, $40, and metallic parka, $215, serenawilliams.com. SHOP NOW  "My inspiration was strength—bringing femininity and strength to the modern woman. My goal is for women to feel confident and sexy when they’re wearing it. It’s practical and wearable, yet it makes you feel good and walk taller—everyone should have that feeling," Williams told BAZAAR.com.  But the collection goes beyond tennis-approved athleisure and into unexpected territory with pieces like vintage-inspired structured denim and sexy slip dresses. Additional drops of the debut Serena collection will be released throughout summer and fall—with a total of 75 new styles to come.  Serena sweatshirt, $60, and joggers, $70, serenawilliams.com. SHOP NOW While Williams says strength and positive affirmations were key in inspiring the pieces from her new collection, another special someone also served as a major source of inspiration for the athlete/designer: her 9-month-old daughter, Olympia.  "Ever since [giving birth to] Olympia I was like, ‘Okay I have a daughter, I want her to feel good about herself.’ She is strong already, so I want her to feel beautiful and I want to spread that message through the collection," Williams said.  While speaking with BAZAAR.com, she also hinted that we can expect some Serena pieces from little Olympia in the future, “Olympia is coming out with a piece or two in the collection," she teased excitedly. Serena welcomed her first child, a baby girl named Alexis Olympia Ohanian, Jr., with husband Alexis Ohanian Sr. back in September.   Serena denim chain dress, $205, serenawilliams.com. SHOP NOW What's most surprising from the Serena collection, however, is the capsule of structured denim pieces—which includes an overall dress with chain straps, high-waisted jeans, and a denim mini skirt.  "I got tired of seeing all this 90% stretch denim so I wanted to go back to structured denim, like what the original jeans were like." Williams explained.   Serena varsity dress, $195, serenawilliams.com. SHOP NOW As for the rest of the 75-piece collection, that will be released in drops spread out over the next two seasons. This morning, Williams took to Instagram to announce the first 12 pieces from the launch of her e-commerce site—and to share the backstory of her love of fashion.   They say life is about timing. I learned this lesson at age 18, when I chose to play a light tennis schedule because I wanted to go to fashion school. Some criticized my decision, but I knew I had two loves--tennis and fashion--and had to find a way to make them coexist. After 15 years of false starts, and people in fashion telling me "no," it only only drove me to work harder. As a result, I discovered what it meant to invest in myself, and I allowed that belief in myself to drive me to reach my dream.  Today, I am proud to launch @serena , my own online shop. Never stop believing in yourself, you're worth it. #BeSeenBeHeard A post shared by  Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on May 30, 2018 at 6:00am PDT "They say life is about timing. I learned this lesson at age 18, when I chose to play a light tennis schedule because I wanted to go to fashion school. Some criticized my decision, but I knew I had two loves--tennis and fashion--and had to find a way to make them coexist. After 15 years of false starts, and people in fashion telling me "no," it only only drove me to work harder. As a result, I discovered what it meant to invest in myself, and I allowed that belief in myself to drive me to reach my dream," Williams wrote.  And given her history in both the tennis and fashion realms, it's likely we can count this endeavor as her latest grand slam. Shop Serena's new collection now at serenawilliams.com. Serena 'Compton' logo tee, $40, serenawilliams.com. SHOP NOW
 The product manager  at Rowing Blazers talks menswear, dressing for your body type, and Princess Diana.  I met with Keziah Beall at the Rowing Blazers Clubhouse in SoHo. Like Jack Carlson, the founder of Rowing Blazers, Keziah was also a competitive rower, which adds a sense of authenticity to the brand that can’t be argued. Keziah and I chatted about how women can implement menswear into their wardrobes, how her career as a rower influenced her style, and, of course, Rowing Blazers. K​eziah Beall ​I have worn a lot of hats for R​owing Blazers​! I have done different things every day from overseeing fulfillment and customer service to more creative projects. I’m currently doing a project for a women’s swimwear brand, ​Andie,​ that is customer experience based.  I​ grew up just outside of Seattle and was there through high school. After that, I went to school in Virginia and bounced around on the East Coast for a little bit. Three years ago, I came to New York to launch Rowing Blazers. ​I think so! It’s not a particularly stylish city, but I learned that my outfit always has to have a certain level of practicality. I have to dress for the weather. I can’t wear something just because I love it and disregard the fact that it’s really hot or cold in New York. In that sense, there is always this sensibility to it. I love just being casual. It kind of blew my mind when I went to school in Virginia, and boys were just wearing chinos that their moms didn’t make them put on! It’s been fun for me to push my comfort zone, which is from the very casual side,  and learn to be more dressy. I have that kind of preppy and classic look.  I think in Virginia, because it is very homogenous, I sort of pushed against it. However, I also learned to appreciate it. So, maybe now, yes, but at the time, no! So much Lilly Pulitzer. In school and college, there was a very specific athlete look. I think oftentimes professors treated athletes differently. I always wanted to sort of go against that and not lean into wearing all the free gear and fitting into that stereotype. So, in that sense, yes. Obviously now, learning about the history of the blazer and how it comes from the sport of rowing has renewed  for me. It’s been through the lens of menswear specifically, which is interesting. I wouldn’t say that my time as a rower got me here beyond that’s how I met Jack, and through Jack, I learned all of this. It was two degrees of separation.  No! I knew it was a thing—that if you went to Henley, your team would get blazers. And it always seemed really cool. It wasn’t really a tradition at UVA going for the women, the men’s team did. It was very peripheral at first.  Yeah, I think so. I do love wearing leggings and T-shirts to go around on casual days. I think the way I dress now is very much a celebration of being able to shop for my body type, which wasn’t ever something I could do in high school. Online shopping was still very new, and there weren’t a lot of tall pants that were cool. I don’t think I’ve leaned into the athlete thing so much now that I’m not doing it. I enjoy being able to dress like a normal person now if that makes sense.   It was hard as a high schooler! When I was in high school, it wasn’t cool to have cutoffs or culottes. You wanted to have pants that were dragging on the ground, and I could not find that! I wish I could travel back in time and give myself a little more confidence to buy vintage men’s Levi’s and rock it, but it’s high school. I got there eventually!  The sweater Jack actually got for me. He knows I’m obsessed with Princess Diana, as everyone is right now. He tries to borrow it from time to time. It’s cute that our interests cross and that he got it for me. The skirt I got at a secondhand shop in Charlottesville years ago. It’s technically a size too small, but I love it and it feels so one of a kind. I don’t make many impulse purchases, hardly ever. I often see things on Instagram that I covet, file it away, and think about it later. But this ring was at a vintage store in England when we were at Henley Royal Regatta. It just felt like if I didn’t buy it right then and there, I wouldn’t get that chance again. I don’t know how old it is, but I want to do some research on it. It was a great price and in this little curio cabinet. Exactly, it reminds me of that trip! It feels like it has history behind it.  I​ think it’s exploring with what works for my body type, as someone who is very tall, and sort of making sure trends work for me. It’s also being really honest about what doesn’t work. I feel very inspired by Scandinavian street style right now. There is such a big emphasis on repurposing old trends and being kind of funky and colorful, but not so “fashion.” Just enjoying wearing clothes.  ​High-waisted jeans and pants are something I realized I should have been wearing a long time ago. That’s been a cool thing about being in the menswear world: I’ve taken a lot of Rowing Blazers pants, a​nd taken in the waist a little. I love that more relaxed fit and leaning into the more masculine side of things. I was so sensitive about that when I was younger because I was so tall, I didn’t want to wear oversized things. Now, I feel much more comfortable doing that.  ​I got some early samples of the women’s blazers, most of which didn’t make it into the line. I also got some damaged products from our first pop-up.  ​I love both the r​ugbys​ and blazers as “menswear for women.” I think the ​baseball hats a​re also fun. It’s such a strong statement brand, and it’s very individual. You can’t go wrong with a nice blazer. It strikes a nice balance between feeling vintage and tailored, but not too much of each.   I have the pants! I’ll probably get the blazer as well. ​I was a high schooler in the early 2000s, and I don’t think the movies of that time had particularly good style. So I love The Breakfast Club. This is kind of cheesy, Erin Brockovich had a big influence on me. In terms of don’t judge people by their cover and wear what makes you feel good! Watching at an age when I didn’t love my clothes was emotional.  ​Yeah! I think especially with a lot of the trends going on right now, she was the OG. I love Françoise Hardy. I would love to have bangs like her, but can’t commit.  Younger Keziah would have loved to be in Pirates of the Caribbean or Pride and Prejudice, definitely a period piece. I love Downton Abbey for that same reason. That kind of elegance, even in the maids’ costumes, is so well done. It’s hard to pick an actual period. When Stranger Things first came out, a friend who is also my age, said it made us both nostalgic for a time we didn’t live through. The styling is just so good! “Menswear” by The 1975 “Infinite High” by Panama Wedding “Superstition” by Stevie Wonder “Beta Love” by Ra Ra Riot “Send Me on My Way” by Rusted Root
 And just like in 2000, she looked  🔥🔥🔥 Jennifer Lopez delivered a major surprise to guests at Milan Fashion Week tonight when she closed the runway at Versace's Spring 2020 show—wearing a replica of that iconic Grammys dress, nonetheless.  Instead of a traditional finale model walk, Versace tapped J.Lo to end its show with a bang this season. Making her official runway debut, the 50-year-old actress and singer walked the show wearing an updated version of her famous plunging palm print dress from the 2000 Grammy Awards. And surprising to no one, she completely slayed.   @jlo recreates her most iconic red carpet moment in @versace that launched Google image in 2000. —@nicolefritton A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Sep 20, 2019 at 11:54am PDT As the show ended, a voiceover recording asking Google to show pictures of that green Versace dress filled the room. After images filled screens around the venue, Versace’s voice then asked to see the real thing–which then led to J.Lo storming the runway and the fastest standing ovation to ever occur at a fashion show.  Aside from being an epic moment, there was some significance behind Lopez walking the runway. This season marks 20 years since the plunging green palm print first dress first appeared on Versace's runway, ahead of the singer wearing it to the music award ceremony. That red carpet moment was so immense and so searched for that it led to the invention of Google Images (yes, J.Lo really did that). So to make things full circle for Spring 2020, the Italian fashion house paid homage to both the singer and Google.   Join us on Friday, September 20th at 8PM CEST for the Women’s Spring-Summer 2020 show: streamed live from Milan on Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and on Versace.com. #MFW #VersaceSS20 A post shared by  Versace (@versace) on Sep 18, 2019 at 1:23pm PDT The show ended with both Lopez and Donatella Versace walking side by side down the runway. Another legendary moment in the books for the dress. 
 Kaia Gerber and Adut Akech closed the stunning runway show. Valentino has long mastered the art of breathtaking runway moments and today's Pre-Fall 2019 show in Tokyo, Japan was no exception. For the fashion house's first show in Tokyo, creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli delivered a stunning runway full of red tulle gowns and designs celebrating Japanese culture. The show both started and ended with a lineup of all red looks ranging from romanticized tulle to suiting and floral silk dye prints. Kaia Gerber and Adut Akech closed the runway in coordinating ruffle tulle gowns.  As if the parade of looks done in the fashion house's signature hue wasn't stunning enough, the finale saw a storm of red rose petals falling from the ceiling as models walked the runway in color coordinating looks.   An exploration of balance and contrasts, @maisonvalentino’s Pre-fall 2019 show in Tokyo saw the brand’s first co-ed presentation being held at the raw, industrial space of Terrada Warehouse. Swipe left for a greeting from the dashing #SongJoongKi right before the show. #송중기 A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR Singapore (@harpersbazaarsg) on Nov 27, 2018 at 9:31am PST Models lined up along the runway as petals fell from above while a pianist and string band played in the background—making for a beautiful moment.    #valentino rocks in #tokyo with a super collection created by #pierpaolopiccioli inspired by the history of the fashion house with touches of #japanese culture #valentinotky #valentinoprefall19 A post shared by  GPBlackstage (@giampietrobaudo) on Nov 27, 2018 at 10:06am PST  But the Pre-Fall '19 collection delved deeper than just pretty gowns. Piccioli looked to the culture of Japan to inspire the 90-look show. Namely, the creative director was inspired by wabi-sabi—a Japanese aesthetic centered on the acceptance of transience and imperfection. The concept was translated into asymmetrical silhouettes, ruffles, and reimagined Valentino floral prints crushed into red and black silk dye.  "The iconography of the Maison—the ruffles, the lace, the grace, and then the flowers, the colors, the motifs—is interpreted in a wabi sabi key," the brand wrote on Instagram alongside a photo of Adut Akech on the runway.   {The iconography of the Maison - the ruffles, the lace, the grace, and then the flowers, the colors, the motifs - is interpreted in a wabi sabi key.} @AdutAkech in #ValentinoPreFall19 by @pppiccioli. #ValentinoTKY – Tokyo A post shared by  Valentino (@maisonvalentino) on Nov 27, 2018 at 11:11am PST The end result was a collection that remained true to Valentino's aesthetic while paying homage to Japanese culture—something other fashion brands could learn from when staging their runways in other countries. 
 Take notes. One glance at Brianna Lance—a statuesque redhead with a sunny smile—and you automatically want to be friends with her. As a DJ, painter, musician, fashion consultant, and downtown cool girl, she’s a multi-hyphenate across many industries.  You’re just as likely to find her dancing the night away at a party (decked in a floral dress and sneakers), as you are at a gallery on a Saturday morning, with her new dog Larry at her side. A true modern-day Renaissance woman, the former head designer at Reformation prefers berets to ski hats and combat boots to heels, and will never say no to a slip dress. Take a peek at a day in her life through her favorite looks. Her Go-To Topper: “I’m obsessed with this coat because I love oversized men’s silhouettes. You can throw it over anything and it’ll look good.”  Step and Repeat: “I mostly wear men’s shoes and really unsexy shoes because I like to be comfortable. Let’s say you’re wearing a slip dress and you wear it with a fussy shoe, you’re automatically going to look like a fussy person. I want to look free. Also, you should be able to walk for a long time in whatever shoes that you’re wearing.” Stella McCartney coat, turtleneck, and trousers; The Row boots; Akris Aimée bag, $3,590, akris.ch   Her Go-To Garment: “It could be because I’m from Texas and grew up going to barns, but I think overalls are amazing. I have a tendency to wear clothes that a lot of little boys would wear.”  Hat's Off: “All winter I wear berets. Out of all hats, I think they make your face look the nicest. If you put on a ski cap, you can look cool...but you can also look like a dork. A beret is so cute and feminine.” Christian Dior overalls and beret; Akris turtleneck; Akris Aimée bag, $2,390, akris.ch Her Go-To Bag: “I don't have one! I like to switch them out. I have all shades of bags so  you can just match them to whatever I'm wearing." Quick-Change Artist: "Sometimes I’ll literally turn over a bag completely on top of another bag, let the contents fall into the second bag, and just go, ‘Done. I’m ready.’" Akris dress, $2,990, akris.ch; Akris coat, $2,990, akris.ch; The Row boots; Akris bag, $2,990, akris.ch Her Go-to Dress: “I love prints and I love color. But I don’t love my legs, so I go for long dresses. Everyone has their thing.”  Gut Check: “The best lesson I learned at Reformation was to not pay attention to people’s weird rules. Whatever industry you’re in, people have these set ideas about how you’re supposed to do things. But it's really interesting to just to do things more on instinct.”  Hermès dress; Akris Aimée bag, akris.ch   Her Nighttime Bag: “I have a lot of different silhouettes that I like, it just depends on the outfit. I love exotic skins!”   Akris Aimée bag, akris.ch   Her Go-To Trend: “I love matching sets. This printed velvet one is like wearing pajamas, but fancier.” Cozy Comfort: "I wear a lot of giant coats like this because I’m always freezing! And I love a silk pajama set with a big coat on top. A lot of times I just wear a sweat suit and a fur coat – that’s my uniform in the fall." Left: Valentino top and pants; Akris Aimée bag, $1,990, akris.ch; Right: Coach coat; Akris Aimee bag, $2,390, akris.ch Styling by Liz McClean, Hair by Cecilia Romero, Makeup by Kristin Gallagos, Art Direction by Sonja Georgevich Shot on location at Cafe Gitane and 6BC Botanical Garden
 Either way her Heathrow look is fire... Priyanka Chopra might as well be a royal in her own right, she's so embedded in the "fam." The actress nearly stole the show at Meghan Markle's wedding to Prince Harry in May, when she donned both a major lavender suit with matching fascinator by Vivienne Westwood and a show-stopping, shimmering, fitted gold gown by Dior. The actress is a close friend of the couple. It's possible no one learned their lesson and invited this stunner to yet another royal wedding, as she was just spotted at Heathrow airport the day before Princess Eugenie is slated to wed Jack Brooksbank in London. The Quantico star skipped a tracksuit or yoga pants or a hoodie for the cross-Atlantic trip, and instead donned a Saville Row-worthy plaid blazer, khaki trousers, a green turtleneck, and white heeled booties for her flight. Ever the star, she finished her look with black cat eye sunnies. There is currently no evidence that her fiance, Nick Jonas, will be in attendance for the nuptials as her plus one.     There's also no word yet on whether someone from the palace was sent to "co-opt" her luggage so that she might have to wear something less fabulous than planned to tomorrow's royal affair. But we wouldn't blame a bride for trying. In the meantime, shop her standout airport look. 
 Your family portraits could never.  Posing for family portraits as a teenager is always a drag, but when you and your siblings are the supermodel spawn of Cindy Crawford, it's a tad less embarrassing.  Taking sibling portraits to the next level, Kaia and Presley Gerber front the Spring 2018 campaign for Calvin Klein Jeans together. The teenage modeling duo appears in the brand's latest #MyCalvins ads titled 'Our Youth' and photographed by Willy Vanderperre.  In the photos, Kaia and Presley wear head-to-toe denim and pose with a red and white Americana-inspired quilt while sitting in a rustic barn (as you do). The all-American ads are the latest from the brand's "Our Family. #MyCalvins." campaign—which has also starred the likes of Solange and the A$AP mob this season.  The ongoing campaign's concept is to celebrate unity amongst individuals—with the bond of family at its core. And what better way to celebrate familial bonds than with supermodel siblings carrying on the genetic legacy of Cindy Crawford?    This marks the first Calvin Klein campaign for 16-year-old Kaia, who made her runway debut for the brand at New York Fashion Week last fall. She then went on to dominate the runways in London, Milan and Paris throughout the Spring 2018 season—proving to be the rising supermodel to watch. 18-year-old Presley, meanwhile, previously appeared in the brand's #MyCalvins campaign in Fall 2016.  Interestingly enough, the duo's supermodel mom has yet to appear in a #MyCalvins campaign, perhaps it's time to make it a full-on family affair next season? 
 From feathers to crystals and seashells, the spring trends we can’t wait to wear.  Feathers, toe ring sandals, crystals, and seashells: Spring 2019’s biggest shoe trends are anything but basic. If the runways were any indication, this season is all about having fun with your footwear. Haters will say it’s too early, but we’re already ready to start thinking ahead to open-toe shoes and sandals again. In anticipation of a new season in footwear, we rounded up the 100 best shoes from the Spring 2019 runways in New York, London, Milan, and Paris. Consider it a spark of inspiration as you start to think ahead to your spring wardrobe. SHOP VALENTINO SHOES SHOP VALENTINO SHOES SHOP CHANEL SHOES SHOP CHANEL SHOES SHOP ALTUZARRA SHOES SHOP ALTUZARRA SHOES SHOP LOUIS VUITTON SHOES SHOP JACQUEMUS SHOES SHOP JACQUEMUS SHOES SHOP GUCCI SHOES SHOP GUCCI SHOES SHOP ALEXANDER MCQUEEN SHOES SHOP SONIA RYKIEL SHOES   SHOP SONIA RYKIEL SHOES  SHOP CHLOÉ SHOES SHOP CHLOÉ SHOES SHOP ROCHAS SHOES SHOP BALMAIN SHOES SHOP BALMAIN SHOES SHOP BALMAIN SHOES SHOP ELIE SAAB SHOES SHOP GIVENCHY SHOES SHOP ISABEL MARANT SHOES SHOP ISABEL MARANT SHOES SHOP STELLA MCCARTNEY SHOES SHOP OFF-WHITE SHOES SHOP OFF-WHITE SHOES SHOP SAINT LAURENT SHOES SHOP SAINT LAURENT SHOES SHOP GIAMBATTISTA VALLI SHOES
 Rosie Huntingon-Whiteley stepped out in a pair and we're obsessed.  Thanks to their early 2000s takeover, some many of us still associate Ugg boots with velour sweatsuits and paparazzi pictures of Paris Hilton. And while a number of women (and men) still love their classic Uggs, the South Californian brand has quietly been giving itself a more fashion-forward revamp for the past few seasons—and their newest boots prove it's working.  Meet the new wave of Ugg boots: the Kasen, which come in chestnut and black colorways as well as short and tall styles. The anything-but-basic shearling boot features a short stacked heel for the perfect amount of height. Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, an ambassador for the brand, was one of the first to debut the new boots while out and about. The model wore the chestnut Kasen boots with a pair of blue jeans and a plush camel coat. Part of the brand's Fall 2017 collection, the brand's new Kasen style ranges from $150 for the short boots to $250 for the tall pair.  Ugg boots, $250, SHOP For nearly the past decade, Ugg boots may have been reserved for walking your dog or chic après ski looks, but the brand's new styles prove that we may finally be ready to shed the boots' association with the early aughts and enter the next era of Uggs.  And while we're on the topic of surprisingly stylish Ugg boots, the brand also has the below styles that make for chic additions to your winter boot collection. Ugg boots, $250, SHOP Ugg boots, $250, SHOP Ugg boots, $325, SHOP
 Ciao, Bellas... All the fancy designers are coming out of Milan, and the ladies are happy to dress to the nines in the latest Attico, Gucci, Prada, and more. See the ladies embracing la dolce vita on the streets.  Candela Pelliza embraces Fall's silver trend with gusto. This feels like a truly clever mix, and not a straight off the runway moment. We're here for this futuristic vibe—and Dior bag. This Petar Petrov suit is a forever piece. A Jacquemus leopard skirt and white sandals feels utterly current. Scarf prints are having a moment—it's great on this button-down. Chrissy Rutherford in a white suit is our new early fall inspiration. Linda Tol's Isabel Marant boots make the look. Erika Boldrin embraces an '80s vibe. Gabriela's Gucci platforms are just the shoe for an ankle sock. We love a plaid that manages to feel airy and cool. Lisa Aiken makes the case for a bold yellow jacket. Why not wear your jewelry on your sweater like Carolina Daur? A hair bow and low braid has never felt more relevant.  A long pink skirt makes for an uncommon pairing with neon trainers, but somehow it all comes together here. Denim on denim always makes you the coolest girl on the streets. This woman mixes accessories like a master. A three piece suit is bold—and very cool. Is there anything sweeter than a little dress and matching jacket by Gucci? Skirt suits and pearls are not just for ladies who lunch. This scarf detail lends the perfect amount of femininity. White lace tights lend a beautiful bit of texture. Evangelie is killing it in classic Bottega Veneta sunnies. Erika Boldrin finds her feminine side in pink florals. Erin Off Duty keeps it neutral in cream silk. Pernille goes black-out in Bottega Veneta.  Viktoria Rader is a vision in pink separates paired with Loewe sunnies... We love a Victorian blouse updated with a leather midi skirt. Camille Charriere embraces the bold shoulder look on a tweedy coat. Soo Joo Park is ultra-refined in this silk and lace combo dress. Giorgia Tordini and Gilda Ambrosio are the same but different in Prada. Caroline Daur shows how to wear a strapless dress for day. Aemilia Madden wears her tiger tube top with high-waist denim. Selby Drummond mixes a floral Prada skirt with simple white tank. Tiffany Hsu pairs a cropped Jacquemus jacket with easy chinos. Nausheen Shah wears the two-tone pant trend like the coolest girl in Milan. Yoyo Kulala loves a good coordinating hat. Three blonde Scandinavian girls walk into a show in Milan in some very bold looks... Xenia lets her accessories do the talking... Anna and Bettina pair fancy frocks with evening shoes for a cool mix for day... Amanda Alagem is streamlined and chic...  Chrissy Rutherford brings the fall gingham in Lein Studio... We're into a good head scarf moment—especially when gold boots are also involved... We like a lot about these photos, but the boots are really a great place to start. We didn't know we needed metallic pink pants until just now... Thora doesn't shy from a dramatic top... This Bottega sweater just gets better and better every time we see it. Linda Toll goes monochromatic in army green. This tan skirt and silk black top are '70s modern done right... Leonie embraces neutrals with aplomb. This Fendi waist bag and coordinating sunnies add up to a very cool moment. A girl can never go wrong in a cream suit... A great leather dress is always a good idea. The shoulder, the color, the skirt length—it's all very good. A solid street style crew. Chrissy Rutherford is blue in Maggie Marilyn. Glenda Bailey wears a fantastic trench in Milano. It's all about a feminine dress for Amanda Alagem. Chloe pairs a cool white button-down with wide leg trousers. The girl goes for bold proportions and knee high boots. Patricia Manfield is head-to-toe chic in red. Wearing all your basics can add up to something very special.  A logo turtleneck by Fendi is covered-up yet sexy. A great red Fendi boot is an outfit game-changer. We'll take a giant Fendi bow any day. Logo tights and a sheer skirt are the perfect mix on Xenia. Pernille is keeping it simple yet very chic in textural leather pants and a trench. Cassie Anderson is goals in a tan trench and turtleneck. We're ready for a little fringe come fall. Bettina Looney wears her Fendi baguette with a smile. It's all about boots and cropped trenches for these two. Who needs shirts when you have a lavender suit this pretty? Green leather and a puff sleeve add up to a fun fashion moment. Cowboy boots and a skirt with swag are a cool combo.  Maria wears vegan leather Nanushka perfectly. These Bottega shoes are akin to art.  This Madga Burtym jacket is a keeper. Chloe from Loulou de Saison finds the most interesting pieces, like this statement jacket. The couple that coordinates together... This Dior hat makes everything fancy, including a denim jumpsuit. Mint green never looked so good. She designs shoes, but wears a boho jacket like she created them. This interesting pairing is the stuff street style is made for. Tamu McPherson schools us on styling a statement blazer. Xenia cinches her sweater dress and matches her Loewe shades to it. Lisa Aiken pairs streamlined separates like a pro. Gabriella Karefa-Johnson layers prints and blingy sandals for a cool mix. We love a leather jacket and cut-offs look in the fall. This modern set-up is brought to you by smart phones everywhere. This will be our new seasonal uniform—blouse, pencil skirt, knee-high boots. It's all about black and tan. One great dress can take you style miles. Bettina Looney wears a Rejina Pyo jacket as a dress. Amanda Alagem pairs an Etro plaid jacket dress with a Valentino bag. Carolina Daur wears a bra top with jeans and a robe coat. Slouchy separates are all the rage. Tiffany Hsu wears a Jacquemus sweater and leather shorts for a current take on minimal cool girl style. This unexpected pairing feels very much like we get to know this girl's personal style. This Isabel Marant top is for the bold. Xenia wears the Bottega Veneta belt of the season. Soo Joo Park wears pink pjs and sells the trend. What's not to love about a great white dress? This clever mix feels like a keeper. A great white button-down will take you very far in life.
 Laura Taylor is her own best model... It's not enough to be a staunch minimalist in 2018's highly photographable, Insta-bait age of fashion. Laura Taylor and Ryan Holliday-Stevens aren't minimal purists, but they like a sleek line, sculptural elements, a slick cut, solid black and white with an occasional intense wash of color. The creative duo launched Solace London in 2013 to serve as a brand where "modern futurism balanced with timeless minimalism"—consider it simplicity with a twist, a quirk, a dose of character. Taylor just happens to serve as the ideal model for her brand—tall and elegant with an innate sense of cool.  BAZAAR.com asked Taylor to style her go-to piece, the item she just can't seem to stop wearing for three difference occasions. The Brit designer's wardrobe MVP is a pair of simple black pants. "These trousers are a staple in our collection.  Over previous seasons we have created various iterations of them by changing the length, fabrication, and print," the designer explains. "They are versatile, they travel well (you can just throw them in your suitcase and don’t need to worry about creasing them!) and they’re flattering."  Laura Taylor: Solace London is the meeting point between mine and Ryan’s (my best friend and business partner) personal taste and style. I’m quite refined and pared back—Ryan is more experimental. He really pushes my boundaries through the things he introduces me to. We describe Solace London as modern futurism balanced with timeless minimalism. I’d say the same could be said for my style. Why did you want to launch your own brand? LT: When we launched Solace London we were ready for the next phase of our careers. We’d been working for other brands for over a decade but wanted to start something that reflected our personal taste that we could develop and grow with no boundaries.  What have been the most challenging aspects of launching and running Solace London? LT: The different hats you have to wear (metaphorically speaking!). You have to be adaptable, dynamic, and a problem solver. A day in the office rarely goes as planned.    What is your definition of success for Solace London?   LT: How you measure success is personal and changes over time as your plans develop and get bigger. We’re now five years in and work with the world's leading stores and have a wonderfully loyal customer base through our own e-commerce channel. When a customer takes the time to write an email telling us how much she loves her piece of Solace London and how incredible she felt wearing it, that’s success. It means I’m doing my job well.    If you were to give one piece of advice for someone launching a fashion brand what would it be? LT: Do it with someone you trust. Having someone to bounce ideas off is essential. Plus you have someone to celebrate the highs with, as well as get through the lows.    If you weren’t a designer what would you do?   LT: If I didn’t do this I’d want to be a detective in the police force. 
 The competition is fierce for the 2017 Fashion Awards.  The nominees for the British Fashion Council's 2017 Fashion Awards have officially been announced.  Along with the expected designer and model contenders, this year's awards also brought about a few newcomer nominees. Rihanna's Fenty Puma and Supreme were both nominated for the first time ever as Urban Luxury Brand of the Year alongside Vetements, Off-White and Gosha Rubchinskiy. A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Oct 8, 2017 at 8:05pm PDT  As for the Model of The Year, the competition is fierce this year with Kaia Gerber making her debut as a nominee following her first-ever runway season. The 16-year-old daughter of Cindy Crawford is up against Bella and Gigi Hadid, Adwoa Aboah and Winnie Harlow. Last year, the prestigious award went to Gigi Hadid—but will it go to Gerber this year following her runway success? Or Bella, who has been virtually everywhere in the fashion industry this year?  backstage @versace_official A post shared by  Kaia (@kaiagerber) on Oct 15, 2017 at 10:40am PDT This year's awards will be held on December 4th at Royal Albert Hall. Until then, see the full list of nominees below.  Model of the Year Urban Luxe Brand  Accessories Designer of the Year  British Designer of the Year: Menswear  British Designer of the Year: Womenswear  Designer of the Year  British Emerging Talent: Menswear  British Emerging Talent: Womenswear  Business Leader 
 "Posing for my husband like..." Emily Ratajkowski may currently be in California, as she was just spotted yesterday on the sunny streets of LA wearing a floral spring look. But today, the model took to Instagram to tell a different story, posting a few throwback vacation photos wearing a little less clothing. Make that, no clothing at all. If you're one of emrata's 16.8 million followers, you may have already double-tapped the vertical overhead (possibly drone-captured) shot of the brunette model basking on a daybed in the sun, straw fedora over her face, skillfully contorted to get around Instagram's nudity clauses.  "Take me back," the 26-year-old newlywed captioned her post.  Take me back A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Mar 21, 2018 at 10:24am PDT And the next-to-naked vacation photoshoot didn't stop there.  Ratajkowski shared another stunning nude photo, posing in nothing but a sun hat and gold hoops. Facing a giant granite wall, arm over breasts, and balancing on her tip-toes, the model showed off her crazy-long legs and fully bare backside to whoever stood on the flip side of the camera.  From her caption, we're guessing that EmRata was putting on a show for her now-husband, Sebastian Bear-McClard. "Posing for my husband like," she wrote next to the skin-baring shot.  Posing for my husband like A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Mar 21, 2018 at 12:02pm PDT We're thinking that the throwback series may have been taken on a recent honeymoon getaway. As the low-key couple managed to pull off a sneaky private City Hall marriage ceremony last month, which was only publicized to Ratajkowski's Instagram followers after the fact. The duo's nuptials were both inconspicuous and unexpected, as the couple never publicly confirmed they were dating before tying the knot, and were first photographed together in public this past Valentine's Day—only a week before their wedding.  💍ny💍 A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Feb 23, 2018 at 1:32pm PST The honeymooners seem happy, in love, and definitely tanned...all over.
 All about the bride-to-be's "modern" style, her chic white engagement coat, and how to buy it—from the Canadian designer who's worked with her for years. When Meghan Markle stepped out for her engagement photo call with Prince Harry at Kensington Palace on Monday, royal fans went into a tizzy over her stunning winter-white coat from her one of her go-to labels, Canadian brand LINE. An explosion of orders for the $627 ($799 CAD) belted wool wrap coat, now known as the "Meghan," soon caused the brand's website to crash. Internet users dubbed the actress's immediate viral fashion-influence "The Markle effect."  John Muscat, the Toronto-based designer behind the highly sought-after coat, says he's been dressing Markle for four years. She owns a dozen of his pieces, and even sported his Margaux trench coat at the Closing Ceremony of Prince Harry's Invictus Games in September. The 45-year-old LINE president and co-founder chats with BAZAAR.com about his loyal client's effortlessly modern engagement style, her commitment to Canadian clothing, and how you can snag one of those coveted white coats.  "Meghan has a casual, sophisticated look and is always put together, always looking great. She likes to feel modern and dressed up, but still chic—and she's always interested in wearing a tailored silhouette or a wrap coat, which we saw at the photo call. She likes to have the right lines on her clothing, she's really got a great eye, and knows what looks good on her. What I also love about Meghan is that she has a relaxed style and has always stayed true to that. I think we'll see that in future fashion choices, too." "She looked very her, which is really what was great about the coat. It's funny, I actually didn't know she'd be wearing the coat and it was such a delightful surprise to see her in it. It's so her style and she looked so natural and confident in that white color, which was just beautiful. She looked like an absolute dream."   "It gets reinterpreted into different color waves for new collections. The winter white color is from our fall collection and is made of wool with a flattering tie at the waist. It also comes in soft blush, burgundy, and black." "When we saw the photos of what she wore to the photo call, we were so touched that she thought to bring a little bit of Canada with her to London. I really appreciated that and I think that speaks to her as a person and her commitment to her past." "I've been a fan of her style ever since she started filming Suits in Toronto. We generally work with her managers and public relations team, who organize what Meghan wants to wear. It's very much an organic relationship with her. If I see things that I think would be good for her or look good on her, then I send them to her. I know her style very well, so I pick things out and when her people have their own requests, we try to put together things that will work. We have a great relationship with her and her team. It's such a great fit for the both of us—our look and what she wants to wear seem to organically align. Our style is chic and sophisticated, while still being casual and that mirrors her, exactly. Now, she owns at least a dozen pieces from LINE." "We were so touched that she thought to bring a little bit of Canada with her to London." "Meghan's friend Jessica had a lot to do with our relationship with Meghan, because she's been a supporter of the brand for years. She helped Meghan go from being a fan of the brand to wearing it more often." "Ours have all sold out and new coats are headed into a re-cut, but we're doing our best to accommodate all of the requests.  The winter white is scheduled to repeat into our fall 2018 collection, so we'll do a cut before then. Luckily, we're on a 12-month a year program, so it'll be around!" In the meantime, LINE is accepting pre-orders at line@nkpr.net.
 Little House on the Prairie meets NYC streets. Chose your fighter: Amazon's Personal Shopper by Prime Wardrobe service or The Drop, a collection curated by your favorite influencers? Well, it may just have to be both because today, August 6, Amazon is releasing its newest collection for The Drop curated by The Fashion Guitar blogger herself, Charlotte Groeneveld. Groeneveld, known for her effortless style that typically consists of simple, comfortable pieces paired with statement accessories or shoes, put together a 14-piece collection that includes styles that were seemingly inspired by this year's prairie/victorian trend, including a mint green puff-sleeve floor-length gown Groeneveld calls the "hero" of her collection and a white, high-neck bib mini dress that features a ruffle hem.  It's not all romantic dresses and blouses, though. Groeneveld's collection also features bubble gum pink cycling shorts, loose chambray shorts, pink wide-leg trousers, and more.  “The collection is an extension of my own wardrobe, but filling the gaps with pieces I felt were still missing,” Charlotte told People. “It’s inspired by today’s street style rather than runway collections. It brings together everything I love seeing on women around me.” The entire collection is live now, but only for 30 hours. Shop the full range at amazon.com/TheDrop, download the Amazon App on your mobile, or shop some of our favorite pieces.  
From: ELLE US

 Snacks but make it fashun.  Summer is right around the corner and while you may have already shopped some new sandals and beach bags, you're not fully ready until you've seen Bella Hadid and Alexander Wang fiercely posing with some Magnum bars.  The model and designer are the newest faces of the ice cream brand's "Take Pleasure Seriously" campaign, which is incredibly effective because now all I want to accessorize with this season is a Magnum bar.  
 In the video, Hadid and Wang snack on some Magnum bars while on the set of a fashion shoot, as all fashion people of course do. On set, the model pulls out a secret stash of ice cream from her black leather Alexander Wang cooler. It's unclear whether Wang will actually be selling a leather cooler, but if so, be prepared to picnic and make it fashion this summer.  If you thought eating an ice cream bar couldn't possibly be sexy, allow the great Bella Hadid to prove you wrong:    I mean, can we take a moment to fully appreciate this portrait of a girl and her ice cream bar? This is how you do a proper engagement photo shoot, people.    These images and video are just the first of Alexander Wang's collaboration with Magnum. The brands will be making a surprise announcement during Cannes Film Festival next week, which hopefully involves Bella eating ice cream on the red carpet. Fingers crossed. 
 Fashion meets art meets music. Swiss luxury brand Bally just launched a limited edition capsule collection in collaboration with street artist Shok-1 and Grammy Award winner Swizz Beatz. The edgy street style collection features sweatshirts, joggers, totes, fanny packs, sneakers, and hats for both men and women featuring Shok-1's iconic street art X-Rays. Shok-1 chose three of his staple symbols for this collaboration—X-Ray paintings of a hand gesture, a fly, and "The Consumer"—all in black, white, and flesh. British artist Shok-1 — who calls himself the "pioneer of aerosol X-ray" — is known for his spray painting technique, and for using walls all around the world as his canvas. His work has been featured in KITH's SoHo store as well as The Bushwick Collection in Brooklyn.   ‘Stolen Heart’ —-> Swipe for more images... 👊🏻 @trumanbrewery A post shared by  SHOK-1 (@shok_1) on May 5, 2018 at 11:26am PDT The brand launched the collection with a party in Shibuya, Tokyo where Shok-1 debuted his first ever large scale mural in Japan. The party featured performances by Nas and Swizz Beatz himself. “Our focus for this capsule was exploring the art of X Ray, and Shok-1 is a master artist and a legend at his craft," Swizz Beatz tells BAZAAR.com. "Bally is an iconic brand that represented the music culture very early, and the quality, in my opinion, has always been number one."  POISE ON 🙏🏽 #ballyxswizzxshok1 🇯🇵 A post shared by  the Real Swizz (@therealswizzz) on Oct 9, 2018 at 8:21pm PDT Swizz Beatz, whose real name is Kasseem Dean, is not just an award-winning singer. Dean works with Bacardi as their Global Chief Creative for Culture and has collaborated with Reebok, Christian Louboutin, and Aston Martin in the past.  Swizz Beatz presents Bally x SHOK-1. _ @therealswizzz @shok_1 #BALLYxSWIZZxSHOK1 A post shared by  Bally (@bally) on Oct 7, 2018 at 5:04am PDT Streetwear never had it so cool.
 The lazy girl's hack to dressing in a snap.  Even with a fully-stocked closet, "I have nothing to wear!" is a daily fashion woe. Take the guesswork out of  your #ootd with matching sets that'll have you out the door in a snap. From playful polka dots to pretty pink florals to classic leopard, a matchy-matchy look is perfect for everything from weekend getaways to outdoor brunches and destination weddings.  Save the morning scramble for breakfast and not a rushed picking of lackluster separates.  Groundbreaking. Sorry, Miranda Priestly. SHOP Lisa Marie Fernandez top, $450, shopbazaar.com SHOP Lisa Marie Fernandez shorts, $385, shopbazaar.com Go from the office to cocktail hour with a swap of accessories. SHOP Marc Jacobs top, $350, shopbazaar.com SHOP Marc Jacobs skirt, $350, shopbazaar.com Nothing reads more playful than ruffles and polka dots. SHOP Johanna Ortiz top, $1,450, shopbazaar.com  SHOP Johanna Ortiz skirt, $1,995, shopbazaar.com The print that never goes out of style. SHOP Ganni top, $115, shopbazaar.com SHOP Ganni trouser, $160, shopbazaar.com Stay stylish between the hotel room and beach side in colorful stripes. SHOP LemLem top, $195, shopbazaar.com SHOP LemLem skirt, $295, shopbazaar.com Dress for the job you want with this chic pin-striped take on the formal Wall Street uniform. SHOP Tibi blazer, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi shorts, $295, shopbazaar.com Add a dash of pizzazz to your wardrobe with a bold, abstract print. SHOP Marni top, $710, shopbazaar.com SHOP Marni skirt, $1,440, shopbazaar.com Sea-worthy and perennially chic—stand out in stripes. SHOP MDS Stripes top, $275, shopbazaar.com SHOP MDS Stripes skirt, $575, shopbazaar.com  A lady-like, modern play on millennial pink. Trend test approved with flying colors. SHOP Marni top, $1,440, shopbazaar.com SHOP Marni skirt, $990, shopbazaar.com Channel your inner dancing emoji with a red hot two-piece. SHOP Johanna Ortiz top, $995, shopbazaar.com SHOP Johanna Ortiz skirt, $1,650, shopbazaar.com
 Explore the 6,900 square feet of dreamy, minimal luxe retail space. Today (Mar. 15) marks the debut of The Conservatory, a new boutique at Hudson Yards that hopes to bring the most appealing  aspects about online shopping into a thoughtfully curated immersive shopping experience IRL. Brian Bolke, a co-founder of Forty Five Ten, who parted ways with the company in 2017, dreamed up this new and well-curated space that considers the origin, sustainability, and price of an item before carrying it in store. There is also an emphasis on offering pieces for all age ranges, sizes, that "defy traditional gender-specific presentations."Each season, the store will offer interesting visuals in-store, in print, and digitally to "reflect the season’s Curriculum theme" and touch on the consumer's five basic senses. There is also 500 square feet of dedicated space for a gallery to spotlight original artwork that's on theme for the season. The store will sell a fun mix of 50 emerging and heritage brands from Tibi to Jil Sander. For the grand opening, the store will carry a unique capsule by Narciso Rodriguez.The retail space also includes Teak Tearoom. Executive Chef Adam Ross will oversee the food which includes baked goods from Thomas Keller’s Bouchon Bakery, and teas by Waris. The warm spot features  Knoll furniture and tableware by Georg Jensen that is available for purchase, naturally.  Other epicurean and culinary gifts, including autographed books from Chef Thomas Keller’s Finesse The Store, is available for sale for the first time outside his Napa Valley shop. Take a tour below.  The lifestyle concept store boasts a flower shop called Lewis Miller by Urban Stems at its entryway. There will be a mix of blooms including orchids that are available exclusively to the store and can be picked up in-person or delivered. Bolke has tapped a team of editors to help merchandise the store and assist with creating original content and in-store programming. Town & Country fashion and accessories director Will Kahn will support the fine jewelry selection. Former Harper's BAZAAR and Town & Country Beauty Director Jamie Rosen will oversee well-being. Manhattan designer Justin von der Fehr will manage living. Cindy Weber-Cleary, former Fashion Director at InStyle and Glamour, will be the boutique's wardrobe editor. “It’s a place of study and discovery, a place that brings nature indoors and place that suggests the idea of conservation—of respect for resources and time. Time is the ultimate luxury. I invite you to literally stop and smell the roses,” says Bolke. La Sieste Bastide, is a quiet, ten-minute private room to take in the colorful space that's filled with relaxing sounds, scenery, architectural forms, and scents all inspired by the French city of Aix-en-Provence. Bastide co-founders, Frédéric Fekkai and Shirin von Wulffen, commissioned French artist Alexandre Benjamin Navet to create the lifestyle room to help you recharge.
 Deciphering the party season's most ambiguous dress code. Deciphering the party season's most ambiguous dress code. While it may seem like 'cocktail attire' is an empty phrase stamped on every invitation—one that serves no purpose but to make you agonize over the uncertainty of its sartorial meaning—consider it in the context of the event details and it may start to make a bit more sense. Take into account the event purpose, in addition to the time and place. Your best friend's wedding will require very different attire than a corporate event or fashion party. Furthermore, an event taking place at a swanky hotel will call for a dressier outfit than something held at a restaurant around other non-guests/patrons, and definitely more so than a party held at someone's home. Check out the hours, too—evening start times typically suggest a more formal fête than those scheduled earlier in the afternoon or day.  While some hosts like a private affair, others create their own hashtags and would feel utterly offended if you didn't tag them. Always dress like the paps will be there, but make sure you're clear on whether the event is social-media friendly or not. If your host/hostess is known to be old-fashioned or traditional, dress more conservatively than you would if the host were especially avant-garde. Your fashion editor friend will likely have a more relaxed interpretation of cocktail attire than your boyfriend's Republican parents.  Choose an ensemble that is appropriate for the time of year and style it accordingly. A colorful floral number and strappy sandals might be just right for a springtime soirée, while a winter event will likely call for closed-toed shoes and an evening coat. Editor's tip: A touch of fur is ultra-glam for cold-weather months. If it's around the holidays, the dress code tends to open up to include options with a festive bent (think metallics and siren red). In a season of red, green, velvet and anything shimmery, you can't go wrong with a great black silk slip dress. It's elegant, easy and foolproof. Sleek hair is its best accessory. While minimalist girls like Pernille may not be caught dead in overall sequins, one standout item like shoulder-sweeping crystal earrings takes her festive miles. Keep the rest of the look streamlined but elegant and let your bijoux do all the heavy holiday lifting.  Appropriate lengths fall somewhere between mid-thigh and mid-calf. Save floor-skimming gowns for black tie affairs, and definitely reserve dangerously short minis for nightclubs and bachelorette parties.  The English love a good fascinator, the French still opt for berets, and Rihanna is embracing the bucket. While the idea of donning a hat for an evening affair sounds like a throw-back, it feels truly modern right now. Have fun with your toppers and take a fun fashion risk this holiday season.  In the wise words of Karl Lagerfeld, "One is never over-dressed or under-dressed with a Little Black Dress." That being said, don't feel limited to only black options. Play with color—another element that is best informed by the time of year. For spring, a romantic pink or soft pastel. For summer go bold in something bright. For fall, rich earth tones and warm neutrals. And winter, deep jewel tones in luxe textures like satin or velvet.  Know your audience, but if the venue is casual and you're feeling like getting creative, skip the LBD, throw on some jeans, a cool top and major shoes that stand out in a crowd. You'll instantly be the coolest girl next to a Christmas tree.  Despite what you may see on the red carpet—your upcoming event may not be the appropriate opportunity to test-drive a naked dress. Or, if you're dying to try something out of the ordinary (we understand, it's not every day you get to do this) interpret the trend or look in a way that is a bit more palatable. Try a style with strategically placed sheer insets instead of something entirely see-through, or offset a plunging neckline with long sleeves. Especially if an event takes place straight after office hours, a sleek blazer and trousers combo is an elegant look that is easy to dress up for evening. Just change your blouse (or remove it altogether) and swap your satchel for a clutch. A jumpsuit is also a great option for similar reasons.  Pick a small purse that will fit the bare essentials and opt for a handheld version like a clutch or diminutive top-handle. Cocktail events are a no-carryall zone.  Remember what Marnie said about Hannah on Girls: "She'll put on a good dress and nice shoes and then do her lipstick, and then leave her forehead shiny. It's like, you've come this far, wash your forehead!" A little light concealer or powder and a swipe of mascara are essential—and we can't stress enough the transformational powers of a good lipstick. If your hair is giving you anxiety, a low chignon is an easy, never-fail option that works for any occasion.  We rarely say this, but consider your comfort level. Parties are as much about the socializing as they are about the style, and if you're not at ease in your ensemble it will affect how enjoyable your evening is.  There is no single blanket statement that can be applied without exception—there's a time and place for everything. For example, a cascading boho maxi for a beachside summer soirée: totally appropriate. A supremely elegant pair of flats for an evening affair: tricky but doable. But showing up to a wedding wearing white, or an upscale cocktail party in jeans and sneakers? Not okay—not now, not ever. If you're at a total loss, check in with the host/hostess to clarify the appropriate level of dress.
 Map out your shopping strategy now.  Future sale items pictured above (prices before sale): Skagen watch, $155, skagen.com; Bauble Bar custom name necklace, $130, baublebar.com; Unreal Fur coat, $349, unrealfur.com; Fenty Puma x Rihanna shirt, $75, puma.com; Schutz boots, $260, schutz-shoes.com; Edie Parker bag, $1,195, edie-parker.com. It's the most wonderful time of year: sale season. Kick off your holiday shopping (and scoop up a few things for yourself) by taking advantage of the best fashion and beauty sales of the season. Shop our favorites below.  360 Cashmere: 25% off site-wide from November 24 - 27 with the code 'Thanks25' at 360cashmere.com. 7 For All Mankind: 30% off full-price items in stores and online using the code 'BLACK30' on Black Friday at 7forallmankind.com. ASOS: 20% everything with the code 'THANKFUL30' at asos.com. Aritizia: Up to 50% off site-wide plus free shipping on orders over $100 in stores and online at aritzia.com. Bailey44: 40% off select styles from November 19 - 29 with the code ‘TGIBLACKFRIDAY’ at bailey44.com.  Barneys New York: 40% off designer collections now through Cyber Monday. 50% off site-wide from November 23 - 26 and 60% off site-wide on Cyber Monday at barneys.com. Cult Gaia:15% off entire site from November 24 - 27 with the code ‘VERYRARE’ at cultgaia.com. Current/Elliot: 25% off plus sale styles up to 50% off from November 22 - 27 with the code 'THANKS' in stores and online at currentelliott.com.  Daniel Patrick: Up to 60% off from November 10th through Black Friday at danielpatrick.us. Endless Summer: 30% off site-wide from November 24 - 27 with the code 'CYBERLOVE' at shopendlesssummer.com. Equipment: 25% off plus sale styles up to 50% off from November 22 - 27 with the code 'THANKS' in stores and online at equipmentfr.com. Gilt: 90% off 90 items starting at 4PM on Thanksgiving Day. On Black Friday, 50% off outerwear and cold weather accessories and an extra 40% off boots, footwears, and dresses. Then, 95% off 95 items starting at 4 PM on Black Friday at gilt.com. Joie: 25% off plus sale styles up to 50% off from November 22 - 27 with the code 'THANKS' in stores and online at joie.com. Lord & Taylor: 20% off regular and sale in-store and online from November 21 - 26; 25% off in stores and site-wide from November 26 - 28. Plus online only, take an extra 40% off shoe clearance, 60% off ladies sweaters, up to 50% off women's fall coats and 25% off designer coats at lordandtaylor.com. Madewell: 25% off your entire purchase with code 'THATSALE' at madewell.com. MatchesFashion: Up to 50% off select styles starting November 20th at matchesfashion.com/sale.  Paige: 20% off from November 22 - 26 using the code 'CYBER20'; 30% off on Cyber Monday using the code 'CYBER30' at paige.com. Puma: 30% off your purchase from November 22-29 plus free shipping and holiday deals begin November 16 at us.puma.com.  Rebecca Taylor: 25% off any purchase in store and online from November 21 - 27 with the code 'CELEBRATE' at rebeccataylor.com. Rent The Runway: 25% off orders of $100+ *this includes any RTR Reserve orders over $100 and the 1st month of Unlimited ($159 a month)+ on Black Friday and Cyber Monday at renttherunway.com.  Saks Off Fifth Avenue: 50% off men’s and women’s cashmere, cold weather accessories, and outerwear; additional 50% off already reduced women’s designer apparel from Black Friday through Cyber Monday at saksofffifth.com. The Outnet: Additional 50% off clearance sale starting November 22 plus an extra 10% off “Just In” items for 24 hours on Black Friday at theoutnet.com. The RealReal: Up to 75% off select items in all categories in-store (NYC Flagship on 80 Wooster St. & the San Francisco Pop-Up on 222 Stockton St.) and online at therealreal.com.  Unreal Fur: 20% off all full price jackets from November 23 - 27 at unrealfur.com. Aquatalia: 30% off full priced items, core styles excluded, site-wide from November 23 - 28 at aquatalia.com. Dolce Vita: Extra 20% off sale items plus all swimwear markdown to $20.99 with an extra 20% off and free shipping using the code 'CYPBER20' on Cyber Monday at dolcevita.com. M.Gemi: $50 off every pair of shoes at mgemi.com. Schutz Shoes: Up to 40% off select styles in store and online at schutz-shoes.com. Customers can also receive an additional promotion in-store only through a scratch off card from November 23 - 27. Store locations: NYC (655 Madison Ave) and LA (314 Beverly Drive) Steve Madden: All NYC and Florida based Steve Madden stores will offer Scratch & Save cards, allowing customer to receive up to 40% off.  All other Steve Madden retail stores will be offering Buy One, Get One 70% off shoes in stores on Black Friday. Via Spiga: 40% off select styles on Black Friday and Cyber Monday; additionally on Cyber Monday receive a 20% off code in the confirmation email for your next purchase at viaspiga.com. Alex Woo: 20% off fine jewelry, including custom pieces, with the code 'THANKS20' at alexwoo.com. Bando: Up to 35% off site-wide plus daily promotions on select items from November 23-28 using the codes 'ITSBFBABY' and 'OHYEAHCM' at bando.com. Bauble Bar: 30% off site-wide at baublebar.com. Carbon & Hyde: 25% off from November 24 - 27 with code 'BLKFRI17' at carbonandhyde.com. Dagne Dover: 20% off site-wide from November 21 - 29 at dagnedover.com. Edie Parker: 40-70% off Cyber Monday sale at edie-parker.com. To receive early private access to the sale, sign up for the newsletter prior to Black Friday (11/24) to access the sale through the weekend. The sale will then be open to the public on Monday (11/27). Jules Smith: 40% off site-wide from November 23 -26 with the code ‘BLACKFRIYAY.’ 50% off site-wide from November 27-28 using the code ‘#BLESSED’ at julessmithdesigns.com. Parme Marin: 30% off of your purchase from November 24- 27 using the code 'PARMEBLACKFRIDAY' at parmemarin.com. Skagen: 30% off everything from November 21 - 27 in-store and online at skagen.com. Stella & Bow: 50% off costume jewelry with code 'SBCYBER' and 20% off fine jewelry collections with code 'THANKFUL' from November 24 - 27 at stellaandbow.com. Styled by Noir: 25% off site-wide from November 23-28 with code ‘BLACKFRIDAY’ at styledbynoir.com. Charlotte Tilbury: November 24 - 50% off select Charlotte’s Luxury Beauty Kits; November 27 - 50% off Charlotte’s Mystery Boxes including one-of-a-kind makeup and skincare selections, available in standard and deluxe sizes at charlottetilbury.com.  Drybar: 20% off products online and in-store November 23 - 26; 25% off all online exclusive bundles on Cyber Monday (November 27) at drybar.com.  Beauty Bioscience: 20% off the GloPRO Microneedling Regeneration Tool ($199) from November 23-27 in-store and at nordstrom.com. Shu Uemura: 20% off on any order over $50 and 25% off any order over $100from November 22-25 with code SHUBF on shuuemura-usa.com.  Tatcha: November 24 - Win 1 of 5 mystery offers, including site wide discounts and a $500 gift card at tatcha.com. November 27 - special Cyber Monday deal to be announced day-of.  Skyn Iceland: November 23 - 20% off all products; November 24 - 25% off all products; November 27 - 30% off all Skyn ICELAND products at skyniceland.com.   Missha: 40% off site-wide from November 15-30. Purchases $40 and up  receive a free Time Revolution Immortal Youth Miniature Set (valued at $20); $60 and up receive a free Cho Gong Jin Miniature Set (valued at $32) at misshaus.com. InStyler: 7 Days of Deals from November 22-28 -11/22: 40% off Glossie Ceramic Styling Brush (code: DAY1); 11/23: 40% off Cerasilk Styling Iron (code: DAY2); 11/24: 40% off Pink Max 2-Way Rotating Iron (code: DAY3); 11/25: 40% off Cerasilk Curling Iron (code: DAY4); 11/26: 50% off Ionic Styler (code: DAY5); 11/27: 50% off Blu+Mini (code: DAY6); 11/28: 50% off Titanium rotating iron (code: DAY7) at instyler.com. Wander Beauty: 30% off everything on November 27 using the code WANDER30 at wanderbeauty.com. Cover FX: November 24 - 25% off site-wide; November 27 - 25% off, 30% off, or $100+ site-wide at coverfx.com.  Olivine Atelier: 20% off November 24-28 with the code 'WINTERSPARKLE' at shopolivine.com.
 Tracking the actress' best looks from the red carpet to the streets of New York.  Whether she's walking down the street or gliding across a red carpet, Priyanka Chopra knows how to serve up a major look. From monochromatic outfits to sexy, show-stopping gowns, we're tracking (and taking notes from) all her best style moments.   To promote her latest Bollywood film, The Sky Is Pink, the actress went for a fitting all pink look by Rebecca Vallance to match.   Shop the look: Rebecca Vallance turtleneck, $216, farfetch.com.  SHOP NOW  In a cutout floral dress by Markarian and crystal-embellished Jimmy Choo heels while out in New York.  Shop the look: Jimmy Choo 'Bing' heels, $995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW In a pistachio green velvet dress and silver pumps while out in New York City.  Chopra stunned while promoting her new movie in Mumbai, wearing a red and white polka dot saree by Sabyasachi. In a chain and jewel-embellished Oscar de la Renta look while attending the brand's New York Fashion Week show.   In a belted denim jacket and matching skirt while walking her dog in New York.  Channeling her BFF Meghan Markle, the actress went for a tuxedo dress look. The affordable Reformation piece is still available to shop. Shop the look: Reformation blazer dress, $250, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Serving '90s Clueless vibes, Priyanka went for a pink skirt suit and white crop top while out with Nick Jonas in France.  In a sexy, chain-embellished little black dress by Galia Lahav for the premiere of the Jonas Brothers' Chasing Happiness documentary.  Stunning in a Georges Hobeika gown and a diamond Chopard necklace while walking the red carpet at Cannes Film Festival.  While attending Cannes Film Festival with husband Nick Jonas, Chopra donned a blue Rick Owens dress accessorized with an Alaia belt and white hat.  For their first Met Gala appearance as husband and wife, Priyanka stunned in a custom Dior gown featuring a silver caged bodice and yellow, pink, and grey ruffles.  In a orange and yellow checked coat, jeans, and neutral boots while out in New York.  In a tweed Ralph & Russo Couture skirt suit and Sergio Rossi pumps at the Women in the World Summit.  For a Jonas family Miami vacation, Priyanka donned a colorful rainbow-striped bra top and skirt.   In a sheer polka dot dress by Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini while out in New York. In a red Tom Ford dress and metallic plated belt.  While out in New York, the actress served up a killer street style look in snake prink pants and a floor-length duster jacket.  In a black sparkling halter gown by Elie Saab at Vanity Fair's Oscars after party.  In a green plaid skirt suit by Michael Kors Collection while attending the brand's New York Fashion Week show.  Going for a more casual look, Chopra added a Fendi logo belt, suede knee-high boots, and a camel coat to a simple sweater and jeans outfit.  Shop the look: Fendi belt, $630, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW While walking (or carrying) her dog in New York, the actress stepped out in a neon green shearling jacket layered over an all-white look.  Chopra made a classic camel turtleneck and jacket combo pop by adding a red leather midi skirt and matching red ankle boots.  In a colorful paisley suit by Anna Sui while out in New York.  For her bridal party at Tiffany & Co., Priyanka looked angelic in a white strapless feathered gown by Marchesa.  In a blue Michael Kors shirtdress and gold accessories at the brand's God's Love We Deliver event.  Sparkling in a Giorgio Armani slip dress at an event for Tiffany & Co.  Going for a monochromatic look, Priyanka tucked a red blouse into a matching leather pencil skirt.  In a colorful print Kate Spade dress at the brand's New York Fashion Week show.  To attend her BFF Meghan Markle's royal wedding to Prince Harry, Chopra stunned in a lavender Vivienne Westwood skirt suit and matching Philip Treacy hat. 
 The iconic brand is doing a 6 week shop-in shop. You're about to be extremely jealous of all the kids in your life. For the first time ever, net-a-porter is launching the chicest exclusive shop-in-shop of Gucci kidswear. The Gucci's kidswear line, which ranges from baby to age 12, will be available on net-a-porter starting July 16th for six weeks only. The shop-in-shop is the online equivalent of a pop-up shop storefront — so if you see something you love for your little ones, add it to your cart immediately.   You can expect Gucci's signature bold colors, animal printed sweaters, and classic logo pattern (a Kylie Jenner staple) on everything from playsuits, joggers, party dresses and babygros. There will also be small versions of some of the line's best sellers, like fanny packs and fur lined loafers. Spoiler alert: you'll want one of everything in your size, too.  “The kidswear pop-up on net-a-porter is such an exciting moment for us. It’s our first foray into the category, and we’ve found the perfect partner in Gucci," says Alison Loehnis, President of net-a-porter & Mr. Porter. Along with the new shop comes a new campaigned inspired by Gucci's "vintage aesthetic." The campaign is the story of The Imagination Booth, and shows some stylish kids posting in front of a fantasy, fashion-forward photo booth. The cool kids are rocking bomber jackets, rainbow knits and signature Gucci slides.   This is the first step into kidswear for net-a-porter. Their brother brand, Mr. Porter, will also be launching a kidswear project soon.   COMING SOON: @Gucci Kids. Don’t miss your chance to own an extra irresistible dose of the brand’s imaginative spirit – launching Monday, July 16th. 🌟 A post shared by  NET-A-PORTER (@netaporter) on Jul 9, 2018 at 10:05am PDT Gucci Kidswear will be available at net-a-porter.com starting Monday, July 16th. 
 From metallics to combat boots, something crystal, and something slouchy. Are you down for crystal-embellished sandals? Square-toe shoes? Something slouchy? A solid combat boot? Shoes are as varied as they are cool for fall 2019. See eight standout trends we're getting behind now. And shop the looks, of course.   The combat boot is officially back. It serves as the perfect counterpart to ultra-feminine dresses, as seen on Caroline Daur. A classic gets a remix. A sleek take on a go-to. A slouch boot—especially one that's more sleek '80s than cool '70s—is having a moment. It's the ideal counterpart to high-waist jeans and minidresses. The black boot to embrace for fall. Bottega Veneta's square-toe shoes are one of the standout looks of the season. Continue your infatuation with minimal, strappy sandals well into fall. These are perfect shoes to pair with all of your vintage denim. The white boot is going strong—this season it works best slim and at knee height.  These are your go-with-every-dress-and-make-it-better boots. A girl can never go wrong with an animal-print boot. We love the look with black leather separates come fall. How does one get through a full season without a little leopard print? Or perhaps skip the boot and opt for an '80s inspired zebra print pump instead? Pair with high-waisted skinny black trousers for instant impact. A simple pump feels right on time right now. Paired with skinny black pants and a jacket, this look is both approachable and very cool.  Just try not to wear these every day. A little sparkle goes a long way in your evening sandal game. But take note: These babies are no longer just for evening. For when you're really feeling #extra. Metallic booties lend just the unexpected flair your basics, like an LBD or white skinnies, require. Whether you're a gold or silver girl, something with some shine can't help but brighten your day.
 A fashionable night — and $1.8 million in charitable donations. Last Thursday's Plates for Pediatrics Gala, held at the Mandarin Oriental in New York City, brought together NYC celebrity and philanthropy. This year's charity gala was put on in partnership with luxury retailer Saks Fifth Avenue to raise money for NewYork-Presbyterian Komansky Children's Hospital. Co-hosted by Dr. Gerald Loughlin, the hospital's Pediatrician-in-Chief and Dr. Laura L. Forese, executive vice president and chief operating officer, the event drew more than five hundred attendees from Manhattan and the greater New York Metropolitan area for a black-tie dinner and presentation, celebrating the important technological advancements, developments, and research initiatives of the pediatric hospital. Last year's sold-out Plates for Pediatrics event, which was presented in partnership with chief benefactor Carolina Herrera and celebrated Drew Barrymore as the event's Honorary Chair, boasted a monetary donation amount of $1.2 million. Last week's event, the seventh annual Plates for Pediatrics gala, exceeded the 2017 donation, raising a new-record $1.8 million. Aside from being an important night, in support of the pediatric hospital, the gala also housed a wealth of fashion faces and influencers. Something Navy's Arielle Charnas was in attendance, showing off her growing pregnancy belly in a floor-length dark blue Rubin Singer long-sleeved fitted sequin evening gown. Charnas was photographed before the event alongside Dr. Gerald Loughlin and Candice Miller, co-founder of the sister-started brand Mama & Tata, who wore a stunning strapless vintage Nina Ricci gown. Other notable female philanthropic attendees included: Sak's chief merchant Tracy Margolies, Sunny with an A founder Sana Clegg, Kate Davis, Amanda Waldron, Travis Acquavella, Merrill Curtis, and Jessie Kisling.
 Proof that good things really do come in small packages. No lame gift-with-purchases or trinkets you never use here - these gifts prove that stocking stuffers can be far more than just "stuff." Givenchy crystal stud earrings, $25, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Slip silk eye mask, $45, net-a-porter.com. SHOP The Setting gold-dipped mug, $135, thesettingnyc.com SHOP David & Young faux fur pom-pom beanie, $25, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Slowdown Studio throw, $230, slowdownstudio.com. SHOP Recover iPhone case, $20, nordstrom.com. SHOP Yes Way Rosé Undiés, $25, shop.yeswayrose.com.  SHOP Apa Beauty lip balm, $35, violetgrey.com. SHOP Arcos Jewelry turquoise Stellae Studs, $40, arcosjewelry.com SHOP Antica Farmacista Champagne room spray, $28, barneys.com. SHOP The 125 Collection candle, $35, the125collection.com.  SHOP Olivia Kane ring, $453, oliviakane.co SHOP Chloé gold-plated alphabet charms, $50 each, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP W&P; Design Carry-On Cocktail Kit, $24, nordstrom.com. SHOP Smudged lovers sage kit, $17-21, smudged.co. Grown Alchemist amenity kit, $24, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Uncommon Goods fidget blocks, $16, uncommongoods.com.  SHOP Tila March Passport Cover, $149, farfetch.com. SHOP Diptyque car fragrance diffuser, $60, bergdorfgoodman.com.  SHOP Halogen faux fur stole, $49, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Dogeared crystal charm friendship bracelets, $48, nordstrom.com. SHOP Kusmi Tea Tsarevna tea tin, $30, neimanmarcus.com.  SHOP Orient NY swimsuit, $350, orientny.com.  SHOP D.S. & Durga Portable Fireplace, $65, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Gala metallic leather-and-cashmere gloves, $80, farfetch.com. SHOP Christine Schmidt "Peace and Love" earrings, $20, uncommongoods.com.  SHOP Nest mini diffuser trio, $54, sephora.com.  SHOP StudioSarah notebook trio, $50, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Sweet Saba Campari candy-crystal cocktail ring, $62, sweetsaba.com. SHOP Tom Dixon wax diffuser, $55, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 Both women have the same lace DVF dress in their closets.  Meghan Markle may not be an official member of the royal family just yet, but it seems she's already been on the same style wavelength as Kate Middleton for quite some time now.  Last night, the Duchess of Cambridge attended a gala at Kensington Palace and for the occasion, she wore a black lace gown by Diane von Furstenberg. The expecting royal, who's currently in the second trimester of her pregnancy, previously wore the same DVF dress back in November 2014 when she was pregnant with Princess Charlotte.  But the Duchess-approved 'Zarita' dress by DVF has already been worn by Meghan Markle in the past—making for an unexpected royal twinning moment between the two women. The Suits actress, who's currently dating Prince Harry (and sparking major engagement speculation), stepped out in the same lace dress for a red carpet appearance back in 2012. Markle, however, opted for a short, navy blue version of the dress while Middleton went for a black full-length version.    Five years later, DVF still carries the same lace dress (which both women prove is a timeless wardrobe essential) and miraculously, some of the colors and styles are still in stock for those who want to channel Middleton and Markle's look. In fact, the short black version is currently on sale for $139 at dvf.com.  Despite the fact that Markle and Prince Harry have been dating for over a year now, the two have kept a relatively low profile and the actress has yet to make any public appearances alongside Kate Middleton. But if their twinning DVF dress moment is any indication, the two women are bound to make a dynamic style duo in the future.
 Both Bella and Gigi Hadid didn't make the cut initially. For models, the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is the pinnacle of pinnacles — the fashion world's Super Bowl, Olympics, Oscars, and Emmys all rolled into one. And scoring a place on that coveted runaway as a model — newcomer or veteran — is a feat to be respected. Not all who try out for the position are given a place on the catwalk — after all, only around 50 women are selected from a pool of hundreds. But getting knocked down once or twice shouldn't deter models from trying again. In fact, several models have been rejected at one point or another, before going on to walk in later shows, and even — in some cases — become Angels. Here, our favorite VSFS comeback stories. Bella told Paper Magazine she didn't make the cut in 2015. On her 2016 casting, she said: "I was really surprised, but definitely excited. I tried last year [to be cast in] the show [but] I think everything happens for a reason." Gigi failed to get the job in 2014. She told Live With Kelly and Michael: "I was working out every day, and I felt my body was really ready. I was healthy, athletic and ready for the show but I think that the only thing that got in my way was genuinely how nervous I was. I can't tell you how scary it is walking into that room, it is so scary." Although she's now an Angel, Sampaio didn't book the gig straight away. She told Vogue: "The first year I didn't get picked it was okay. The second time I didn't make it, it was like a knife. It is something you work all year for and when you don't make you it you really start doubting yourself. The third time I thought 'I'm not giving them any excuse not to pick me'. This is a very special booking, you have to earn your way into it." Aussie model Bridget Malcolm auditioned twice before being cast on her third try, she told the Daily Mail: "This was the third year I cast for the show... The first two years I was turned away. The first year was because I wasn't in good enough shape and the second year I wasn't confident enough to pull it off." In a video for the show, Tookes explained: "The first time I auditioned, I didn't end up making the show. I didn't take it personally because I knew I just needed to grow up a bit more. I was 18." On her failed auditions, Taylor told Vogue Australia: "I think it means more when you are rejected and then you do get it. And so many girls go year after year and they don't get it and put so much work into it for nothing. I mean it's quite shattering and I've spoken to girls that are devastated, just crying. There's so much that goes into getting your body ready and getting mentally ready for that confidence for 30 seconds while you're at the casting so it's quite stressful."
 The must-haves to pre-order now.  Sexy, streamlined, and modern: Daniel Lee is ushering in a new era at Bottega Veneta since being appointed creative director last year. After making his runway debut in Milan in February, the designer's first collection for the luxury fashion house just made its retail debut at Bergdorf Goodman during an exclusive presentation.  With elegant leather pieces, statement outerwear, and what's sure to be next season's It shoes, the new Pre-Fall 2019 collection is filled with a crop of fresh modern luxuries. Following the brand's launch event at Bergdorf, these are the fall must-haves to pre-order from Bottega's all new collection.  Prepare to see these square-toed mules take over Instagram. Upgrade your trench game with this quilted and paneled coat that instantly makes any look elegant.  A sleek, minimal shoulder bag that's just the right size. Get a head start on the season's best blazers with this camel satin-trimmed jacket.  You've already got your fair share of leather jackets, but leather culottes? Your fall wardrobe needs a pair. The perfect new work tote to fit all your 9-to-5 essentials.  A sexy new LBD to add to your collection. 
 The top model confronted an unknown catwalker.  While Versace had Jennifer Lopez, and Prada and Burberry both brought back old school catwalkers like Freja Beha Erichsen and Agyness Deyn—Chanel got a surprise catwalker that they didn't ask for at their Spring 2020 show this morning in Paris.  Inside the Grand Palais, while models like Kaia Gerber, Tami Williams, and Anna Ewers took their finale walk on a set that looked like rooftops in Paris, a woman from the crowd scurried down the steps from the audience and hopped onto the catwalk. Thanks to her black and white houndstooth tweed outfit (it's unknown if she was wearing Chanel) she actually blended right in with the cast of Chanel-clad models, although her mimic of a supermodel strut definitely drew attention.  In other news, someone crashed the Chanel show on the final day of Paris Fashion Week. She blended in so well the security had a difficult time finding her. pic.twitter.com/zJoZ7fleTu Most of the models managed to remain composed during the bizarre incident, but model Gigi Hadid decided to take matters into her own hand and confronted her. As the crasher got to the top of the set and started striking poses for the photographers, Hadid spoke to the woman, and then was seen placing her hand on her shoulder to help usher the woman towards the backstage exit before Virginie Viard came out for her bow.   Gigi saves the finale of the Chanel show from a catwalk crasher! @gigihadid @chanelofficial A post shared by  Carine Roitfeld (@carineroitfeld) on Oct 1, 2019 at 4:05am PDT According to WWD, the crasher was indentified as Marie Benoliel, also known as Marie S’Infiltre, a comedian/YouTube personality with 227,000 subscribers. Earlier in the week she also crashed the Etam lingerie show and shared the photos on her instagram page of herself clad in silver metallic lingerie with a sleep mask walking behind model Cindy Bruna.   Ce soir je vous attends dans cette tenue au Show Inouï, avec toutes mes nouvelles copines qui me prennent 3 têtes 👙👙 @cindybruna A post shared by  Marie S'Infiltre (@mariesinfiltre) on Sep 26, 2019 at 2:10am PDT
 It's the end of an era.  After parting ways with creative director Raf Simons and skipping a season of New York Fashion Week, it seems Calvin Klein may be done with its runway collection for good.  According to reports from WWD, the American fashion brand is closing its Calvin Klein Collection label, which became known as CalvinKlein205W39NYC under Simons in 2017. Given the decision to eliminate its runway division, the company is laying off employees who worked for the runway label as well—including 50 employees in its New York office and 50 in the Milan office. Additionally, the brand is said to be closing its Milan office altogether.  The news comes after Raf Simons’ departure as chief creative officer in December. The designer's vision under the 205W39NYC brand was reportedly too luxe for Calvin Klein's core customers, who preferred the brand's denim, underwear, and fragrance divisions. Originally, Calvin Klein said it had planned to relaunch its runway collection under a new name and creative direction. In January, the brand also announced the closure of its New York collection flagship store at 654 Madison Ave. At the time, nearly 100 employees were let ago across the entire company, including the flagship store.    Calvin Klein first began showing at New York Fashion Week in 1994. The brand instantly became known for its cool, minimalist designs and denim that helped shape '90s fashion as a whole. It also helped skyrocket the modeling career of Kate Moss, cementing her status as a grunge icon and the face of "heroin chic" during the decade.    BAZAAR.com has reached out to Calvin Klein for a comment and will update this space. 
 Fashion journalist Alexander Fury pens an essay on the freedom of fashion designers and where the industry stands.  It's a cliché to say that fashion is shifting—fashion always shifts. It is, by its very nature, malleable and mutable, each season transforming itself, and hopefully you, into something new. It is an industry predicated on a perpetual dynamic of change, of constant renewal, of fresh blood. These changes can be invigorating. They can reset the eye. Really great fashion can shift not just the what but the why, altering not only the physical form of the clothes on your back but the psychological ramifications of wearing them. Fashion can shift perceptions of the self. But at the moment fashion seems to be preoccupied with its shifting perceptions of itself. The current landscape—as with so many landscapes—is in peril. Long-held “rules” are being questioned, rewritten, or scrapped entirely. The biannual fashion calendar has been tossed out, with designers showing their clothes between seasons, on men and women simultaneously, and in weeks traditionally reserved for one or the other. Designers are selling their wares straight off the runway— “see now, buy now,” in the industry parlance—or hoarding imagery altogether until their clothes hit the rack. Houses are staging shows in more intimate settings, like private garages (Ralph Lauren) or their own ateliers (Maison Margiela), while others thirstily live-stream every stitch. Alexander Wang staged his show on the streets of New York this fall, to the delight of passing tourists. The rules are, there are no rules, as Aristotle Onassis once said. It’s a free-for-all in free fall. The signs have been there for years—the dominance of social platforms, the ever-growing number of collections, the ascendance of the consumer as arbiter of contemporary taste, and the general need for speed. But the repercussions of these gradual changes in the fashion climate are being felt only now, and with seismic force. This has been, understandably, discombobulating for anyone caught up in the maelstrom. Which explains the prevailing attitude of today—looking back rather than forward. Revivals are rife, and have been for the past decade at least; the latest favorite is fashion houses hurrahing anniversaries, or installing new designers at moribund labels to give them fresh life (again, that’s been going on for a while, albeit with increasing alacrity). Why? Because history speaks of stability, of perpetuity. If a brand has survived, successfully, for 50 years, 70 years, even a century, there’s no reason to believe that it won’t survive that long again. Anniversaries are proof of staying power, which is all-important in a fickle landscape. History is comforting because the past is assured. Early last year, I met with Pierre Bergé, cofounder of the house of Yves Saint Laurent. It was only a few months before he passed away, rightly acclaimed as one of the architects of modern fashion: “Le Force.” When I asked Bergé about history—this man who created so much of it—he pursed his lips and spat out a phrase that resonated with me: “I hate the past. I hate nostalgia.” It’s a sentiment echoed in the words of Karl Lagerfeld. “I don’t reinterpret the past. I’m pretentious enough to say that we invent something for today,” he told me after his Fall 2017 couture show. Lagerfeld isn’t looking back; he’s looking around, drawing the spirit of the moment into his creations. Fashion’s great movers and shakers, its true forward-thinkers, are embracing the new uncertainty and challenging the old boundaries. They think with Bergé’s mind-set. It’s not a case of destroying traditions, far from it. But it is an acknowledgment that evolution, perhaps, isn’t enough—revolution is the only way to jolt us out of complacency. The designer Azzedine Alaïa, for instance, is often talked about as a “rule breaker,” but it’s usually in a superficial way. No one has ever been able to comprehend why he chooses not to present his collections at the same time as everyone else, even as the show schedules become clogged with designers who, in all honesty, neither need nor deserve to be there. Just as Alaïa’s home is far away from the headquarters of other Paris houses—in the Marais, where real people actually live—he has removed himself from the fashion melee. “I am free,” he once told me. “If I don’t feel it, I don’t do it. I always feel free. This is my strength.” He also told me that, if he had just one new idea a year, he would be happy. Two new ideas? “Genius!” Alaïa is filled with ideas, but he doesn’t always consider them new. He has eschewed the pursuit of relentless novelty in favor of perfecting his own style and aesthetic, confident that others will be won over by his vision. He’s right. Alaïa is joined by relatively few others—Rick Owens, Alessandro Michele at Gucci, Miuccia Prada, to name a few—whose choices will inform the careers of generations of designers. They refuse to obey rules because they make their own. And, at the moment, they are ripping apart fashion’s etiquette book and demanding serious change. “People say that I’m a punk,” Miuccia Prada said with a laugh after showing her Spring 2018 collection of studs and torn-looking prints. Again, superficiality, but she meant punk in attitude, which is understandable. Prada actively rejects not tradition but convention, trying to find a different path. "The future of fashion rests with designers who lead rather than follow. In bold moves and upheavals." “I like to create things that appear attractive, easy, but that afterward—depending on the culture of the person—will make the wearer feel something else,” she says. “The sophisticated person looks at everything. Someone superficial gets only the facade.” This ability to do both—to deliver beauty, but also a deeper message for those who care to discover it—is what unites fashion’s rule breakers. “I read a lot about what is right, and what is wrong, as if you have to follow some code,” Alessandro Michele tells me. “This is something that can kill fashion and creativity.”  “I don’t have to do anything I don’t want to do,” adds Rick Owens, echoing the words of Alaïa. “It’s not like I’m obligated to make any compromises, which is a wonderful thing. I probably sound a little gloating when I say that—a little boastful—but it’s significant. I could just burn the whole place down if I wanted to.” So perhaps it’s freedom from traditional rules that will create the future of fashion—a refusal to conform to the demands of the industry, however you perceive them. In their way, all these designers are challenging convention, and winning, creating the fresh rules that others wind up following. When you talk to these designers—the names who are defining what we wear this very minute—common themes emerge. A loathing of the superficial, a disdain for conformity, a prizing of independence. And as you look at their collections, you realize that it isn’t just about the clothes; it’s about the entire universe each of them has been able to create—about Michele’s Gucci stores transformed into tactile playgrounds; about Alaïa’s converted warehouse in the Marais, a Valhalla containing his work and living spaces, a boutique, and a pair of Julian Schnabel smashed-plate portraits. It’s about Rick Owens’s furniture, his two-ton alabaster beds, and petrified-wood-and-antler chairs, and about Miuccia Prada’s Via Fogazzaro teatro reinvented, endlessly, for each new iteration of her ideas. Yet those worlds all lead back to the clothes. They aren’t set dressing or a distraction; they are frames to emphasize and contextualize proscenium arches under which fashion is acted out. The focus is on the performers—not the models, but the garments. Designers creating worlds isn’t anything especially new—in the 1930s, Elsa Schiaparelli had her shocking-pink Surrealist salon on the Place Vendôme; in the ’40s, Christian Dior his dove-gray Louis Seize revival townhouse on Avenue Montaigne. They were, aesthetically and creatively, worlds apart. What is new are the clothes designers are creating to populate them. The future of fashion lies there—in the actual nuts and bolts of designing garments. There are already tectonic movements afoot: the way a designer like Michele creates his collections—pulling from a wide-ranging and esoteric landscape of references—has not only been altered but also reengineered by the advent of the Internet, which allows designers access to every image ever produced. The next generation of designers—those brought up in the digital age, with the Web as a lifelong companion—will reflect how that access has reprogrammed the human brain. The Web scientist Michael K. Bergman has compared plugging search terms into Google to dragging a net across the ocean. You may catch something, but there are fathoms you can’t fathom. That’s where we are right now with the impact of digital on design. It’s not changing the way we look, inasmuch as it’s transforming the way we experience, the way we think. Given all this, it’s fair to say that the way the next generation of designers will create clothes will have little to do with how clothes are made now. They certainly won’t think about them the same way. They already don’t. Which brings us back to Monsieur Bergé—to the essentiality of a designer living in his or her time, and creating clothes that reflect it. There was a similarly seismic moment in the late 1960s, when youth quaked and rebelled, and a dynamic young couturier named Yves Saint Laurent came up with a novel idea—ready-to-wear—that democratized fashion, broke down old class hierarchies, and made designer clothing accessible to all. “Because he lived in our time,” Bergé explained. The future of fashion rests with designers who lead rather than follow. In bold moves and upheavals. In designers who are truly free. This article originally appears in the November 2017 issue of Harper's Bazaar.  
 
 It's Malibu meets Paris meets Cool Teen™ Earlier this year, we got word that supermodel-in-the-making Kaia Gerber was slated to design her first fashion collection with none other than Karl Lagerfeld. And today, we're finally getting a first look at the collaboration between the legendary designer and rising It model.  The Karl x Kaia collection, which will include both ready-to-wear and accessories, will be sold exclusively on Karl.com and Revolve.com—another move that proves that the Lagerfeld brand is further tapping into a younger demographic. Half Malibu, half Paris, and fully Cool Teen™-approved, the pieces are a mashup of the duo's contrasting styles.    It’s official: KARL LAGERFELD will introduce an exclusive collection designed with model-of-the moment @kaiagerber, launching August 30. Comment below if you're excited! #KARLXKAIA A post shared by  KARL LAGERFELD (@karllagerfeld) on Aug 20, 2018 at 12:01am PDT In campaign images shared by WWD, Kaia models several looks from the collab, including a wetsuit-inspired outfit, lots of leather, cool suiting separates, and some unexpected pink pieces. There's also a range of sunglasses, jewelry, bags, and hats in the mix as well.  The fall collection will be available to shop starting August 30 and coinciding with its launch, the brand will host a series of events held in LA, New York, and Paris. No word yet on what those events will entail, but it's likely you can expect Kaia, Karl, and lots of Instagram-worthy moments.  With an incredible debut runway season and several major campaigns already under her belt (Chanel included), the 16-year-old's first big design project is just the latest feat in her rise to achieving It model status.   Karl Lagerfeld has teamed up with model-of-the-moment Kaia Gerber on a collaboration for his namesake brand. The Karl Lagerfeld x Kaia capsule, launching Aug. 30, is the company’s largest collab to date. #wwdnews #karllagerfeld #kaiagerber A post shared by  WWD (@wwd) on Aug 20, 2018 at 4:13am PDT Despite the fact that it's only been one year since she first made her runway debut at Calvin Klein during New York Fashion Week, Kaia has already walked four Chanel shows, the first of which she opened—a huge feat for any model.  With this collection, Lagerfeld is likely looking to replicate the success of Tommy Hilfiger's collaboration with Gigi Hadid. The ongoing collaboration produced four collections and runway shows, reportedly sky-rocketing sales at Hilfiger thanks to Hadid's top model influence.  Given Kaia's rising influence in the fashion world, it's likely her collaboration with Karl will produce similar results—and perhaps even more collections in the future? 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 From the return of the runway twirl to '80s overload.  This season's New York Fashion Week lineup may have been missing a ton of big shows—plus the absence of Rihanna's Fenty Puma and Kanye West's Yeezy—but there were still plenty of moments worth noting. From models bringing back the runway twirl to Carolina Herrera taking her final bow and Cardi B lighting up the front row, here's a recap of all the Fall 2018 show highlights.   @kaiagerber twirling down the runway in a luxe metallic parka! ✨ #AnnaSuiFall18 Regram: @wwd A post shared by  Anna Sui (@annasui) on Feb 13, 2018 at 1:51pm PST Bringing that '90s supermodel fierceness back to the runway, Kaia Gerber whipped out an incredible twirl down the catwalk at Anna Sui—complete with the perfect hair flip and attitude. There was also some noteworthy twirling happening at Brandon Maxwell's Fall 2018 show. At a time when Fashion Week lacks some of its magic, this is a runway trend we'd be happy to see revived—watch and learn from Kaia's flawless execution in the above video.  For his final show during the traditional NYFW calendar, Wang took over the old Condé Nast building at 4 Times Square with the "Alexander Wang Group." Merging together Working Girl with The Matrix, the runway was staged down a row of gray cubicles. Echoing the show's setting, the collection was comprised of '80s-inspired corporate looks and office-friendly attire (plus tights bedazzled with "CEO"). Typically known for dressing the downtown party girl and his wild #WangFest during Fashion Week, it was a swift departure to see the brand buttoned up and ready to take on the 9-to-5 life.  Power suits, colorful tights, the color magenta—the runways were infused with '80s overload. The decade of opulence saw a major revival in the form of strong shouldered silhouettes, dramatic earrings, and even the Working Girl look. Get ready for a glamorous dose of color and style next fall.   From left: Adam Selman, Marc Jacobs, Tom Ford, Alexander Wang Desmond Napoles, a self-proclaimed "drag kid," became the youngest drag star to walk NFYW at Gypsy Sport's Fall 2018 show. Napoles, who's best-known for his fashion and beauty-filled Instagram, is an LGBTQ advocate who created a drag house for kids who enjoy dressing in drag, just like him. The 10-year-old hit the runway in a black corseted look, white and black nails, and slicked silver hair—paving the way for a huge win for the LGBTQ youth.  In the midst of the Time's Up and #MeToo movements, one would have assumed more designers would use their Fall 2018 shows to make feminist statements, but only a few brands actually did. Kicking off the week, Tom Ford sent sparkling "Pussy Power" bags and pumps down the runway, adding a dose of female empowerment to his flashy, '80s dosed collection. Prabal Gurung, always one to bring activism to the runway, filled his backstage area with inspiring feminist posters, and staged a beautiful finale with models linking arms down the runway. He also invited #MeToo founder Tarana Burke to sit front row for her first fashion show ever. Alice + Olivia's Stacey Bendet, meanwhile, staged "Alice + Olivia University" for her Fall 2018 presentation. The spectacle included a "We The Women" Bill of Rights along with imagery of suffragettes as a backdrop to some of the looks. "By looking at the women’s movements past and present, I wanted this presentation to pay homage to strong women throughout history, to show how far we have come and how far we still need to go," Bendet said in the show notes.  While this season's shows were star-studded with plenty of A-list-filled front rows, it was Whoopi Goldberg and Cardi B who stole the scene at the most shows. The rapper made appearances at Wang, Marc Jacobs, Christian Siriano, Prabal Gurung, and more—killing it with her front row style. Whoopi, meanwhile, enjoyed another season of shows—turning up everywhere from Ulla Johnson to R13 and Christian Siriano in a variety of statement-making shoes from zebra print clogs to hot pink pom pom shoes.  Though many brands noticeably brought more diversity to the runways this season, Chromat took things to the next level with a truly diverse cast of models. Along with featuring several plus-size models, Viktoria Modesta, an amputee singer-songwriter, also walked the show while wearing a prosthetic leg. Making for another powerful moment, breast cancer survivor Ericka Hart revealed her double mastectomy scars while modeling a sheer, neon look down the runway. Featuring a multitude of races, sizes, and body types, Chromat's cast was an inspiring highlight of the week.   The timeless elegance of @carolinaherrera 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻Brava 🧡💙❤️💚 A post shared by  Nina Garcia (@ninagarcia) on Feb 12, 2018 at 6:05pm PST Before handing over the creative reins to Wes Gordon, Carolina Herrera presented her final collection on Monday night. Paying homage to the designer's signature look, the finale was a colorful series of crisp white button-downs, taffeta ball gown skirts, and contrasting wide belts. It was a beautiful sendoff for Herrera, who has led her eponymous fashion house for 37 years.  Marking the tenth anniversary of his brand, Christian Siriano staged a blowout show featuring 72 looks and an endless amount of red carpet glamour. Staying true to his runways that celebrate all body types and races, the casting was diverse and also included the runway debuts of actresses Danielle Brooks and Selma Blair, along with Siriano's sister. The collection itself was filled with endless Oscar-worthy gowns, many of which will likely have a standout red carpet moment this season.   Bringing Black Panther to NYFW, Marvel Studios teamed up with seven designers to create custom looks inspired by the film's fashion. The designs were unveiled at a special "Welcome To Wakanda" event in the midst of the week, which was also attended by the movie's cast. All seven looks are currently being auctioned off on CharityBuzz.com, with proceeds being donated to Save The Children.  BID ON THE BLACK PANTHER PIECES HERE For Calvin Klein's Fall 2018 collection, Raf Simons covered the floor of the former American Stock Exchange building in a sea of popcorn. The snack design element, as it turns out, was not a fun and happy notion—but part of a darker collection that explored the history and future of America through a dystopian-like lens. From the set (which was comprised of three burned-down barns adorned with Andy Warhol paintings) to the collection itself, the show was a complex mashup of American identity and politics—making quite the statement during an otherwise tame week of show themes.  Ending the week on a note of over-the-top glamour, Marc Jacobs closed things with the ultimate '80s-inspired collection. Complete with dramatic, oversized silhouettes, sharp hats, and vibrant colors, the show was a larger-than-life culmination of the week's many '80s-inspired runways. 
 Follow us from the front row for live updates on the best looks and more. A look back at all the standouts.  BAZAAR's digital fashion director reveals her current wish list... The top model confronted an unknown catwalker.  Tracking all the best runway looks from Paris Fashion Week.  You can't carry anything in it, but you can look like a luxury slice of Swiss cheese.  Oh yeah, literally while walking in the show. And just like in 2000, she looked  🔥🔥🔥  Witness her killer moves with your own eyes.  "How could one not be astonished by such beauty?" There'll be musical performances by Halsey, Migos, Tierra Whack, and more. Tracking all the standout looks from this season's top collections.  From all the celebrity sightings to the collection inspiration.  See the top runway styles from London town.  Tracking the standout looks from this week's top collections.  The singer-turned-designer shut down New York Fashion Week with a blowout runway event.  See the hottest red carpet looks of the night.  I will be taking personal time off to recover from this performance. The designer got political at his 10th anniversary show.  The duo presented their second collection together at the Apollo. The designer opened Ralph's Club, a Jazz Age nightclub, and Monáe was its star. From the trends to know to the rising swim brands.  Are you ready for glow-in-the-dark neon?  All the best looks from the Fall 2019 collections at Paris Couture Week.  Gucci goes to Rome, Chanel's train station, Dior's Marrakech adventures, Prada in NYC, plus more!
 The brand has made a name for itself in the accessories realm, and now it's taking on ready-to-wear. We love Loeffler Randall lookbooks: those charming, feminine shoes and bags paired with nondescript ready-to-wear in fields of flowers or chic homes. We want to live the life those lookbooks evoke. Now, Loeffler Randall is taking control of those ready-to-wear pieces—and helping us create that life—with a new capsule collection, launching today. Designer Jessie Randall founded her brand in 2005, remaining true to a vision of creating beautiful, wearable accessories for real women, an ethos she is now using to also outfit those women. Starting small, her ready-to-wear collection includes a ruffle hem skirt, two dresses, and a top. Scroll through the lookbook below, shop the collection, and learn why it took almost 15 years into designing for Randall to take on clothing, as well as what’s next for the New York-based brand. Why did you want to launch ready-to-wear? We started this capsule collection with the idea of designing dresses we’d like to wear with our shoes—from our signature Penny heels to our easy Lilla sandals to our tall Goldy boots. That was the inspiration behind this limited capsule of ready-to-wear pieces. I loved the idea of starting very small, making an edited selection of pieces in tiny batches that are only available on our site. Realizing the full LR look from shoes to bags to jewelry and now clothing is a dream come true. Why did now feel like the right time? Fashion is changing so rapidly right now. It used to be so much about strict categories, but it isn’t any more. We are designing the pieces that our girl wants, whether they are earrings or shoes or clothing. It’s so much fun for me to work this way. I find each category inspires the next.  SHOP NOW How do the pieces reflect the shoes and bags? We shoot beautiful campaigns each season, and we are constantly pulling small brands for styling. We started to think about how fun it would be to just have our own clothing to style with. So the clothing really came out of the shoes and bags in the sense of they were the pieces we want to wear with our accessories. The full look! What was the inspiration for the collection? We were inspired by femininity and the clothing we want to wear ourselves. We started with the inspo of “what’s the Penny version of a dress?” And it evolved from there.  SHOP NOW Had you had any experience in designing RTW prior to this? Yes! I used to make clothing at LR many years ago, and I recently got very interested in it again.  How often will new collections hit? We are thinking about tiny, more frequent drops. It’s so freeing not to have to design a huge, mammoth collection. Instead it will be small runs of just the item we are feeling for at that moment in time. I love how spontaneous and creative we can be with this project.  SHOP NOW Will this be DTC or wholesale? We are always thinking about ways we can grow our direct-to-consumer business. It’s wonderful to have that direct connection and dialogue with our customers. This project is only available on our website.  Who do you see as the Loeffler Randall woman? I think she’s very similar to me and to the women who work at LR (our company is 94 percent female). We are creative women leading busy and fulfilling lives. We want our clothes and shoes to reflect who we are, and we want these pieces to do a lot of work for us. We want them to last a long time and to feel relevant season to season. We want to wear them from school drop-off to work to out to dinner and beyond.  SHOP NOW Who would be your dream person to see in it? My team. I love seeing the excitement of my team around this project. We are a company of women designing products for and by ourselves. So when my team loves something, I have a hunch others will too.  Have you kept sustainability in mind? Absolutely. We create in small batches, and our aim is always to sell out. We are thoughtful about what we put into the world and have really ramped up our sustainability efforts at LR. For this collection, we worked with a vertical factory, which means they own a mill and the factory. They developed the linen, twill, and voile materials we are using, and they are doing all the washing and printing themselves. Our pieces are meant to be worn season to season, year after year, occasion after occasion. This isn’t disposable stuff. It’s meant to be worn and cherished over time.  SHOP NOW What’s your ultimate goal for the brand?  I love the feeling of designing things that truly bring joy to people. And I don’t think you can understate the meaningful joy and confidence that a beautifully designed pair of shoes or a dress have the potential to bring. We always feel incredibly honored that women choose our designs to wear to an important interview, to a special event, and even their wedding. So I guess for me, my goal is to bring that joy to people and to continue to grow the brand so more people can know about LR and wear it.  SHOP NOW Shop the entire Loeffler Randall ready-to-wear collection, launching today, at loefflerrandall.com. SHOP NOW
 These fashion insiders break down their best looks for NYFW. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In the latest episode of This Look is Money, some emerging names in the fashion game show off what they're wearing for the illustrious New York Fashion Week. Below, Gabriella Zacche, Tyler Joe, and Karen Blanchard breakdown their outfits that you can shop right now. Who are you wearing? How much did it cost? What favors are you calling in? Think: something old, something new, something borrowed, and something bought resale. Prepare yourself for some major fashion inspiration. 
    Zacche, who describes her style as "city chic," opted for a pair of knee-high Fendi boots, which she says are a cute and comfortable option for walking around in between shows. She paired the bold boots with an equally bold dress by Ganni, which features a high neckline, big sleeves, and a concentric checkered pattern. Zacche also toted along a Dior saddle bag, which she purchased at a vintage shop in New York City. She continued to accessorize with tortoise shell Dior sunglasses and matching gold chain earrings and bracelet by Monica Vinader.   Although New York City photographer Tyler Joe is used to capturing the best of today's fashion while behind the lens of his camera, in this episode, he stepped in front of one to show off what he's wearing. He calls his style "a uniform with accents," donning a mostly monochrome look with pops of color, perfectly embodied by his white Raf Simons button-up. His sneakers are the lovechild of a collaboration between Nike and ACRONYM, featuring a black zipper and a panel of orange. He also wore Stan Ray painter pants–even though, according to Joe, he doesn't paint. Holding his painter pants up is a gray 1KCorp belt. Joe's fit also includes a sentimental streak, personified by his simple gold chain gifted to him by his grandmother. He furthered the gold accessories with a ring by Tom Wood and a gold watch, passed down to him by his grandfather.    Fashion blogger Karen Blanchard, who runs Where Did U Get That, has a sense of fashion that mixes the best of thrifted and vintage finds with designer labels and high street looks. She based the foundation of this episode's look on a trusted pair of white Converse high-tops. "I've had Converses in my life since I was in college and university," Blanchard said. "So, it has a special place in my heart." She layered a glimmering, silver maxi dress from Zara underneath a dusty blue trench coat that she thrifted at Beacon's Closet. For accessories, she opted for a Dior saddle bag and a simple gold band, which she purchased from a street vendor. Watch the rest of the video above to see all the pieces Gabriella, Tyler, and Karen are wearing and add them to your cart. Don't forget to subscribe to BAZAAR's Youtube channel so you never miss an episode of This Look Is Money, Go To Bed With Me, Little Black Book, Heel Hunters, Royal Tea, and Food Diaries. 
 Dip your toe into the pastel trend. Emme Parsons’ barely there footwear line caught our attention and was immediately tapped for an exclusive ShopBAZAAR Hero. Featuring delicate ties that wrap around the foot for an elegant effect and a durable sole, you can explore the local attractions pain-free and as chic as can be. Our favorite part? The dreamy lilac hue makes a pretty statement and each pair is handcrafted in Italy by master artisans for a minimal design that’ll never go out of style.  Emme Parsons sandal, $395, shopbazaar.com SHOP OFF TO NANTUCKET Illesteva sunglasses, $190, shopbazaar.com, Jennifer Fisher cuff, $70, shopbazaar.com, Marisa Witkin sweater, $1600, shopbazaar.com, 3X1 jeans, $275, shopbazaar.com, Rebecca De Ravenel tote, $261, shopbazaar.com, Emme Parsons sandal, $395, shopbazaar.com, Laura Mercier lipgloss, $28, shopbazaar.com SHOP LUSTING FOR LILAC  Deborah Lippmann nailpolish, $20, shopbazaar.com, Chantecaille eyeshadow, $85, shopbazaar.com, Tibi blazer, $595, shopbazaar.com, Isabel Marant jeans, $203, shopbazaar.com, Lizzie Fortunato earrings, $195, shopbazaar.com, Bottega Veneta clutch, $690, shopbazaar.com, Emme Parsons sandal, $395, shopbazaar.com SHOP OUT & ABOUT Charlotte Chesnais earrings, $640, shopbazaar.com, Gucci sunglasses, $455, shopbazaar.com, Genny top, $440, shopbazaar.com, LHD skirt, $750, shopbazaar.com, Staud bag, $325, shopbazaar.com, Emme Parsons sandal, $395, shopbazaar.com, Guerlain lipgloss, $32, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 It's the ultimate transitional piece.  There's nothing more versatile than the denim jacket. It can take us from fall to spring, to chilly summer nights by the beach. Whether you like yours oversized and boxy, or the perfect crop fit, we're shopping out some of our favorite denim looks to try now.  Add an extra layer of warmth on those days that don't exactly feel like spring by styling a hoodie sweatshirt underneath your denim jacket.  H&M; sweatshirt, $25, hm.com.  SHOP Jordache denim jacket, $344, farfetch.com. SHOP Keep cozy with a turtleneck sweater layered underneath your jacket—leaving the look buttoned or unbuttoned depending on the size of your sweater.  Topshop boxy denim jacket, $42.50, nordstrom.com. SHOP Take note from model of the moment Bella Hadid and layer a leather jacket over your denim for that '90s Matrix look on a chilly night.  Helmut Lang leather jacket, $2,029, farfetch.com. SHOP GRLFRND denim jacket, $258, nordstrom.com. SHOP Usher in spring with a pink hued denim jacket that will act as a neutral in your wardrobe.  Alexander Wang jacket, $495, farfetch.com. SHOP Switch up the classic blue jean and look for a moodier gray hue that adds an extra edge to any look.  Jean Atelier, $160, fwrd.com. SHOP A faux shearling-lined denim jacket makes for an instantly cozy, '70s-inspired take on this versaticle topper, as demonstrated by Elsa Hosk. ASOS faux shearling denim jacket, $44, asos.com. SHOP Put a twist on the classic denim jacket by opting for a unique deconstructed version. From off-the-shoulder styles to peplum detailing and more, the options are endless this season.  Balenciaga asymmetrical denim jacket, $805, mytheresa.com. SHOP Regardless of the season, a floral denim jacket adds a feminine touch to neutral basics. Take style cue from Priyanka Chopra and go for an unexpected color combo.  Alice + Olivia floral denim jacket, $95, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP Ditch the blues and try a bright colored denim jacket with a coordinating mini skirt to welcome the warmer days like Bazaar's Senior Fashion Editor, Chrissy Rutherford. Heron Preston denim jacket, $505, skirt $335, farfetch.com. SHOP Even Hailey Bieber knows the appeal of a good logo. She kept her matching Versace set casual with a white tank and white sneakers while out with her husband Justin Bieber. Versace jacket, $1,350, jeans, $1,250, barneys.com. SHOP Make your denim stand out with accents of gold in the form of eye-catching accessories from gold hoops to logo belts à la Chrissy Teigen. The M Jewelers NY hoops, $65, revolve.com. SHOP Gucci belt, $350, gucci.com. SHOP
 Olivier Rousteing teases how the collection was made. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. One of the most anticipated features of this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is the VS x Balmain collaboration. Though the lingerie brand and the French fashion house have previously teased what to expect on the runway in Shanghai this year, a new video gives an even closer look at the upcoming collab. The clip shows Balmain's creative director, Olivier Rousteing, in his Parisian design studio, testing out a look from the collection on model Cindy Bruna back in June. (She first walked for VS in 2013.) Although her full ensemble isn't revealed head-to-toe, the footage gives away the signature Balmain design elements included in her look: black leather, studs, statement-making shoulders and a sexy silhouette. Just take a look at this first outfit, featuring what looks like a beaded and sequined oversized jacket, fishnet tights and over-the-knee boots: Then there's Bruna's spiked-up leather look up close: Check out that fun pink leather: And Cindy's dangerously spiked choker: This top comes with an open fringed back, with tassels covered in chains, crystals, beads and even more studs: And here are the boots up close: "We need to give to the public, which is a really incredible crowd, what they expect and even more, surprising them," Roustein says in the video. "So I think we worked all together to make sure that it's going to be a big shock. They're gonna be like, 'Oh wow, Balmain and Victoria's Secret together? It's like magic.'" The French label will be designing custom looks for the VS catwalk in Shanghai and collaborating with the lingerie brand for an in-store collection, available November 29. This will mark the first time VS has joined forces with a high fashion label for runway and retail. The 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show will air on CBS on November 28th at 10 p.m.
 Your holiday shopping answers are written in the stars.  For the friend that always knows when mercury is retrograde, or embraces the moon cycles. Shop the best astrological gifts no matter their sun or rising sign.  Cynthia Rowley candle, $48, cynthiarowley.com. SHOP You don't have to even know their astrological sign to gift this candle which depicts everyone in the zodiac. The Only Astrology Book You'll Ever Need, $23.46, amazon.com. SHOP From sun signs to ascendants and everything in between this book will answer all astrological questions. Spinelli Kincollin ring, $2,800, spinellikincollin.com. SHOP A truly unique ring with a nod to the universe.  Jessie V E ring, $2,401, jessievejewelry.com. SHOP A more subtle way to show off your zodiac sign is to show the constellation map. Spongelle Zodiac collection, $20, spongelle.com.  SHOP Channel your inner self with a custom blend of the best salts and essential oils for your sign. Catbird earrings, $115, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Subtle celestial studs for everyday wear. Givenchy t-shirt, $520, nordstrom.com. SHOP Leos are known for being bold and attention seeking, and this t-shirt will be the perfect accessory to their ostentatious personality.   La Vie Boheme Yoga mat, $85, net-a-porter.com. SHOP For the one that always wants to stand out in yoga class.   Antique Celestial map, $44, etsy.com. SHOP An artful design of  diagrams relating to astronomy and astrology. Mejuri zodiac necklace, $79, mejuri.com. SHOP The minimalists way to display their sun, rising or moon sign.  Andrea Fohrman earrings, $4,400, net-a-porter.com. SHOP If they're not star-obsessed perhaps they're moon-obsessed, and these crescent drops can be a classic addition to any jewelry collection.  Rhode Resort dress, $385, rhoderesort.com. SHOP Show your sign on your sleeve.  Amazon astrology mug, $13, amazon.com. SHOP They'll sip their coffee from this mug while reading their daily horoscope.  TARA dangler, $998, ishoptara.com. SHOP You can buy one or a pair for your star lover.  Chani NIcholas workshop, $39, chaninicholas.com. SHOP The popular astrologer teaches based on major astrological aspects or moon cycles. Here, you can explore the myths associated with each asteroid Goddess and the meaning of their placement in your specific astrological chart. 
 Color, color, and more color...  We’re kicking off 2018 with a fresh wardrobe and chic new style aspirations. With 150 years of fashion and beauty authority, Harper’s BAZAAR editors know exactly which trends will become forever classics and the pieces worth investing in for ageless style. Take note as our editors share their New Year’s style resolutions for a covetable wardrobe and unrivaled fashion sense. “Wear more color.”  Calvin Klein 205W39NYC  earrings, $840, shopbazaar.com. SHOP “The easiest way to combat the winter gloom is with color. I’m embracing bold hues year-round and not just in the summer for constant exuberance.” 3.1 Phillip Lim top, $595, shopbazaar.com. SHOP “I usually stick to neutrals and solid colors, but I’ve been loving all the prints and chic clash of patterns that walked the runways and I want to add more energetic pieces into my wardrobe.” Gucci skirt, $1,800, shopbazaar.com. SHOP "I'm the sneaker trend's biggest fan but want to take my flats game a step further this year. These mules are perfect for both work and play – and the evil eye detail takes them over the top." Stuart Weitzman mules, $498, shopbazaar.com. SHOP “I want to mix up my winter uniform of jeans and sweaters with some fun chic dresses. Color optional.” Monse dress, $1,250, shopbazaar.com. SHOP “This year I am going to try to incorporate just a little bit of feminine florals into my wardrobe. Going to start with black and white prints—baby steps.” Proenza Schouler skirt, $950, shopbazaar.com. SHOP “Flat boots with a flash factor will keep me comfortable while staying polished.” Isabel Marant boots, $515, shopbazaar.com. SHOP “My beauty resolution for the year is to keep my skin ultra-hydrated. It’s a tough feat considering I just started Rx retinol! I love this skin-plumping cream because it leaves your skin softer right away, but also helps plump and fill fine lines in a matter of weeks.”  La Prairie moisturizer, $590, shopbazaar.com. SHOP “My closet is full of dark tones, so this year I want to brighten and refresh my look with crisp whites and pastels.”  Gucci clutch, $1,250, shopbazaar.com.  SHOP “One of the secrets to stronger, healthier hair is to use a good hair mask once a week. I resolve to take better care of my highlights this year! I’m going to stock my shower with Oribe’s luxe mask, which always gives me amazing shine and softness.”  Oribe hair masque, $63, shopbazzar.com.  SHOP
 From furry accents to croc mania, the runway trends you can wear IRL.  Fall is officially here and a new crop of bag trends is about to make the transition much more enticing. As spotted on the runways from New York to Paris, handbags are noticeably more playful for Fall 2019. From doubling up to two bags at once to smaller-than-ever micros and shearling details, this season's best handbags are anything but basic.  Straight from the runways, these are the top trends to know and shop now.  Elevate your look with the help of a luxe croc-embellished bag. The trend took over runways from New York to Paris, done in everything from python-inspired textures to glam all-black box bags. Available at every price point, the trend comes in both real and faux iterations.  Clockwise from left: Bottega Veneta, Chloé, Lanvin Straight off the runway, Chloé's ultra-luxe take on croc adds just the right amount of texture, gloss, and color to any look.  Mango's croc-effect bucket bag looks way more luxe than its price tag. Wear it as a belt bag or cross body—either way this rising bag designer looks equal parts luxe and cool.  A cream croc-effect bag brings an unexpected pop of winter white to all your cold weather looks.  You'll be able to snuggle up to your handbags this season. Shearling, faux fur, and fuzzy textures took over many of fall's must-have bags. From Chanel's cozy après-ski accessories to colorful shaggy totes at Off-White, your on-the-go essentials will definitely be keeping warm next fall. Clockwise from top left: Fendi, Off-White, Chanel, Staud   Add a little touch of après-ski to your everyday look with this cream shearling tote.  Fendi's most iconic bag now comes in luxe shearling form. Prepare for this one to take over your Instagram feed and the chicest models off duty.  The bucket bag gets a fresh update in this furry Mansur Gavriel design that's ready to combat chilly temperatures.  Structured handheld bags continued to go strong on the fall 2019 runways. From geometric shapes to hoop handles, some of the most standout bags were those too special to simply sling over your shoulder.  Clockwise from top left: Oscar de la Renta, Brandon Maxwell, Bottega Veneta, Marc Jacobs  An affordable take on the trend, Topshop's croc-effect box bag adds a little glam to any look—day or night. It may be small in size, but Cult Gaia's geometric bag can elevate the simplest of outfits.  A splurge-worthy box bag ideal for all your fancy nights out.  Two is better than one. Designers ranging from Off-White to Givenchy to Fendi made the case for your bag carrying a bag of its own. An ideal solution for those who can't fit all their essentials into one micro purse. Clockwise from top left: Rebecca Minkoff, Fendi, Off-White, Tod's Staud's double bags come in fashion's new favorite color: pistachio green.  Two bags in one: wear them solo or together to add a little streamlined '50s meets '70s vibe to your look.  Test-drive the look in belt-bag version with Acne's double fanny pack done in sleek leather.   Good news for those rebelling against the mini-bag trend: Giant carryall totes are making their return for fall. From Proenza Schouler to Giambattista Valli, oversize bags staged a comeback on the runway. In the wise words of Fabolous, "Just throw it in the bag."  Clockwise from left: Proenza Schouler, Dior, Giambattista Valli An extra-large tote that comes in a smooth, buttery leather to lighten up your fall and winter wardrobe.  Straight from the runway, Dior's oversize tote will fit all your essentials and (much) more.  Mansur Gavriel's beloved tote works for the office or a quick weekend getaway.  Chain straps are back in full force. JW Anderson supersized the look on its fall runway with an oversize gold chain strap, while Carolina Herrera, Altuzarra, Chloé, and more stuck with classic chains. Clockwise from top left: JW Anderson, Carolina Herrera, Altuzarra, Chloé For a more playful take on the trend, Yuzefi's chunky resin chain makes an instant style statement.  Add one of fall's hottest colors to your wardrobe in the form of this top handle bag that gets multiple trends done in one.  Keep it classic with this timeless leather shoulder bag that will remain a staple in your wardrobe for years to come.  Bags are continuing to shrink smaller and smaller. This season saw an all-time record, with Jacquemus's tiny bags that were barely big enough to fit a pair of AirPods. Designers like Ferragamo, however, managed to deliver micro bags that can still hold a tiny bit more. The takeaway? Only carry things that *truly* spark joy. Clockwise from top left: Jacquemus, Brandon Maxwell, Paco Rabanne, Ferragamo Jacquemus's micro mini bag, which is the perfect size to fit just a pair of AirPods or a mint, is one of fall's buzziest. The tiny accessory is currently available in lavender, red, and navy.  For those who need a little more room, By Far's mini cross-body is the perfect size, and this glossy red is perfect for fall.  You can wear this neutral-colored micro mini as a cross-body, making it a completely hands-free look. 
 Watching the living legend at work on the set of the Versace Campaign Sharlom Harlow is a supermodel—not an Instagram star turned model, but a real '90s-era supermodel. In case anyone forgot, we were lucky enough to be blessed with a little snippet from the cell phone of Donatella Versace on the scene of the Versace Spring 2019 campaign shoot with Steven Meisel.  Introducing the new #VersaceSS19 campaign featuring @shalomharlow in perfect Versace stance. #VersaceEverywhere _ Artistic Director: @donatella_versace  Photographer: #StevenMeisel Creative Ad Campaign Director: @ferdinandoverderi  Casting Director: @pg_dmcasting  Stylist: @kjeldgaard1  Makeup: @patmcgrathreal  Hair: @guidopalau A post shared by  Versace (@versace) on Dec 17, 2018 at 12:34am PST The now viral behind-the-scenes video features Harlow in the most in-your-face '70s-inspired jumpsuits with mix-matching prints, ruffles flaring out from her knees accompanied by hair teased to the heavens, dancing to some retro music.  Shalom serving us 200%!! Brava @shalomharlow! ❤️❤️ #VersaceSS19 #VersaceEverywhere #makingof #behindthescenes A post shared by  Donatella Versace (@donatella_versace) on Dec 17, 2018 at 3:44am PST It's hard not to become completely hypnotized by the model's perfectly-timed moves—especially for those who aren't privy to the inner workings of high-fashion photo shoots. But even those on set were clearly entranced by the model as you can hear them cheering her along. The supermodel was most certainly bringing IT—delivering what will now be an iconic image for the Italian brand. Harlow rose to fame in the early 1990s, she was discovered as a teen in Canada while at a The Cure concert in Toronto. She went from high school to fronting major magazine covers, walking the top runways from New York to Paris, and co-hosting MTV's House of Style with Amber Valetta. By 1997, the model transitioned into acting and has appeared in numerous TV shows and movies, including Vanilla Sky, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, and The Jury.    The model has been on hiatus from the fashion world, until early this month when she walked Versace's first show in New York City for their Pre-Fall 2019 collection. Harlow even led the finale walk at the end of the show. Prior to that, Harlow hadn't been seen on a runway since Alexander Wang's Fall 2012 show during New York Fashion Week. 
 Some are expected to sell for $90,000. Last week, it was revealed that Drake, like many of us, is a fan of Hermès Birkin bags. The only difference is that he's already started collecting these luxury handbags to give to his future wife, whoever she may be. "There's very few tangible things in this world that hold their value and appreciate as the years go on," Drizzy told The Hollywood Reporter. "It was one of those things that I started collecting as well for, I guess, the woman that I end up with one day. So I have a fairly vast collection of Hermès for that somebody at that point in life." Luckily for the Toronto rapper and his fellow Birkin fans, Christie's will sell some of these highly-coveted bags starting next week. The New York auction house's upcoming Handbags & Accessories sale (November 22 - December 5), includes select pieces from Hermès, Chanel, and even the hard-to-get Supreme x Louis Vuitton collaboration.  Flip through to preview some of the items a taste of what's for sale, and get more info about the auction here. Hermès matte white Himalaya Niloticus Crocodile Birkin 30 with Palladium hardware Year: 2011 Estimate: $65,000 - $85,000 Grade: 2 (excellent to pristine condition) More Info Hermès orange H Veau Doblis Birkin 25 with Palladium hardware Year: 2006 Estimate: $7,000 - $9,000 Grade: 2.5 (excellent to pristine condition) More Info Hermès customized Berenia & Toile Birkin 30 with gold hardware Year: 2002 Estimate: $6,000 - $8,000 Grade: 3 (excellent condition, little to no wear) More Info Hermès shiny braise Niloticus crocodile Birkin 25 with 18k white and gold diamond hardware  Year: 2005 Estimate: $70,000 - $90,000 Grade: 2 (excellent to pristine condition) More Info Hermès shiny black alligator mini Kelly 20 II with Palladium hardware Year: 2017 Estimate: $25,000 - $35,000 Grade: 1 (as new) More Info Hermès limited-edition Veronese alligator mini Constance 18 Marquette with agate leather lizard and gold hardware Year: 2015 Estimate: $20,000 - $25,000 Grade: 1 (as new)  More Info Bottom right:  Hermès matte vert Veronese crocodile Birkin 35 with gold hardware Year: 2015 Estimate: $35,000 - $45,000 Grade: 1 (as new) More Info Top right: Hermès limited-edition shiny Bourgogne alligator mini Constance Marquette 18 with rogue Moyen lizard and gold hardware Year: 2014 Estimate: $20,000 - $25,000 Grade: 1 (as new) More Info Bottom:  Hermès shiny braise Niloticus crocodile Sellier Kelly 28 with gold hardware Year: 2012 Estimate: $20,000 - $30,000 Grade: 2 (excellent to pristine condition) More Info Bottom:  Hermès black chèvre leather retourné Kelly 25 with Palladium hardware Year: 2017 Estimate: $8,000 - $10,000 Grade: 1 (as new) More Info Second to the left:  Hermès terre cuite ostrich Kelly Pochette with Palladium hardware Year: 2015 Estimate: $8,000 - $10,000 Grade: 1 (as new) More Info
 Karl Lagerfeld photographs the 16-year-old in the brand's latest ads.  It's been less than a year since her runway debut, but Kaia Gerber is already taking the fashion world by storm.  The 16-year-old's latest accomplishment? Her first Chanel campaign. After walking in both ready-to-wear and couture shows for the French fashion house, Kaia is the new face of Chanel's Spring 2018 handbag ads. The black and white images, which were photographed by none other than Karl Lagerfeld, feature the supermodel-in-the-making posing with the brand's latest collection of bags. Making her first Chanel campaign even more special, Kaia was photographed in Mademoiselle Chanel’s apartment in Paris, surrounded by the late designer's personal belongings.  Amongst the handbags featured in the campaign are the brand's transparent PVC bags, which were spotted on the Spring 2018 runway, the Gabrielle bag, and the Chanel boy bag. Also impossible to miss in the ads? The model's incredibly long limbs stretched out across Chanel's plush sofas.  Of course, this is likely just the beginning of Kaia's journey as one of Karl Lagerfeld's Chanel muses. 
 Watch her hit the runway one last time. Last week in Shanghai, Alessandra Ambrosio walked the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show for the last time ever; and during last night's broadcast, her fans finally got to see her final appearance.  The 36-year-old Angel made two cameos during the show—one wearing the VS x Balmain collab, and another in a red beaded look. The latter marked her VS Fashion Show finale, and she made every step of it count. She even mouthed "I love you forever" from the front of the stage. Alessandra Ambrosio's last walk 😪#VSFashionShow #vsfs17 pic.twitter.com/YDiHUwJoPg Fans were not emotionally prepared to watch the goodbye: I still can’t believe this is the last time we’re watching Alessandra doing the VS fashion show 💔 we’re gonna miss her so much #VSFashionShow Watching @AngelAlessandra walk her last #VSfashionshow runway like.... #VSFS2017 pic.twitter.com/uKm4KwwlCh Shortly after the broadcast, Ambrosio shared a clip of an interview she had backstage where she announced that this show would be her last. "It's been wonderful," she told reporters. It's like a dream come true. It's like, I never imagined in my life that I would be here 17 times, doing the best show on earth." She also shared a sweet parting message for her supporters and VS team. "So I just want to say to my fans, to my Victoria's Secret family, I love you guys," she added. "Thank you so much for the support. You'll always be in my heart and I'm always going to be cheering for you. Mwah!"  💓💓💓 #vsfashionshow A post shared by  Alessandra Ambrosio (@alessandraambrosio) on Nov 28, 2017 at 9:07pm PST The bittersweet interview echoed Ambrosio's goodbye message to Victoria's Secret, which she shared on Instagram last week. "Words cannot describe how grateful I am to have been working for this amazing brand that inspires me and women all over the world," she wrote. Ambrosio made her VS Fashion Show debut in 2000 and has become synonymous with the brand over her 17 years with the lingerie line. Now that she'll no longer be an Angel, she's moving on to focus on her other passions—her swim line, Ale by Alessandra, and spending more time on her acting career, the model told Entertainment Tonight.  Take a look back at Alessandra Ambrosio's VSFS evolution below: 

 2018 may not have flying cars, but it does have Beyoncé wearing Slinkys as earrings. While the rest of us mere mortals have been accessorizing with hoop earrings, Beyoncé is out here living in the year 3008 and wearing Slinkys as earrings. Yes, Queen Bey took the toy you spent hours watching go down the stairs as a child and transformed it into a piece of jewelry like only a real icon can. (Meanwhile, when I tried to accessorize with my Slinky in the first grade, nobody called me iconic, but whatever.)  Taking a break from her 'On The Run II' tour, the Lemonade singer stepped out in New York wearing a suited up look that she accessorized with gold Slinky-inspired earrings by Y/Project. Along with the playful jewelry, she also accessorized with a hot pink bag (that could potentially double as a giant flask), tortoise sunglasses, and a sky-high braided half ponytail.    The Y/Project earrings, which retail for $300, are still available to shop online. Unless, of course, you want to DIY the look with an actual Slinky, which is a steal at $2.75.   Y/Project earrings, $300, ssense.com. SHOP NOW This is not exactly how Back to The Future envisioned the 2010s, but who needs flying cars when you have Beyoncé wearing Slinkys as earrings? Welcome to the real future, baby, Beyoncé will let us know which toy to wear next. 
 You can buy the stylishly cute pair at Maisonette after the show...  A quick perusal through your Instagram feed is convincing enough—it's a mommy and me world and we're just living in it. As stylish girls become women, and then become mothers, it just makes sense that they would outfit their mini me's in fashions befitting their well-honed aesthetics. Children's e-commerce site Maisonette built their foundation on the concept. Now, they're getting into the high fashion mommy and me business with the second launch of their collaboration with Brock Collection, launching on the site today and showing on the brand's New York Fashion Week show this morning.  "Laura and Kris are old friends, and we have been champions of theirs since our Vogue days. We're such fans of the Brock aesthetic, which lends itself so beautifully to kids' clothing," Sylvana Ward Durrett, founder of Maisonette tells BAZAAR.com, "From launching our first collection last Spring to debuting our Fall assortment today, our collaboration is so special and has brought us so much joy, especially as we see the overwhelming  response from our collective customer." The collection consists of a pencil skirt and cropped blouse and cocktail dress for women, in a matching blush floral print with a tiered dress for the little ones.  "We work very collaboratively, and came up with the designs together," co-founder Luisana Mendoza says, "We wanted to launch this collaboration alongside a runway show so mothers can have various dressing options to match with her little.  It’s our favorite children's dress yet." Brock's designers and founders weigh in on the feminine, and very cute collection below. What is the inspiration behind the assortment? Laura Brock: The Children’s dress was done in a floral pink embossed jacquard, an antique floral we found in one of our favorite mills outside of Paris.  It is actually an interior fabric that we fell in love with in the archives.  You will see it in our Fall Runway collection, and we thought it would be the perfect floral for a little girl. The Brock Woman is a working mother, and while she would love to match her daughter, she may not necessarily want the exact same shape of dress as her daughter - so we made the woman dress more pretty- and the child’s dress more girly!  Why did you want to include a little girls look for your fall collection? Kristopher Brock: Maisonette is the perfect partner for Brock—we work very collaboratively together and always come up with our collections and ideas as a team.  Fall was the perfect time to launch this little girls dress because all the florals in the ready-to-wear collection compliment this one quite nicely.  Mommas can choose any dress of this collection, and pair it back to our Maisonette little girls dress, and they will work perfectly together!  What has made Maisonette a great fit to partner with?  Laura Brock: We've had lots of requests from customers for matching children's clothes, and when Maisonette approached us with the idea, we were thrilled!  We work very collaboratively, and came up with the designs together. 
 From big names like Oscar de la Renta to newcomers like Brock... New York Fashion Week Fall 2018 saw a lot of exits and swan songs, small, intimate presentations and big buck productions—but we're getting down to the fashion. See the ten best looks of the season, from Carolina Herrera to Calvin Klein. The American Stock Exchange was a hot spot at NYFW, but Raf Simons approach for Calvin Klein was less sleek Milanese dinner party and more creepy rural Americana farmscape on a bed of popcorn. The designer emphasized that this collection thought was about, "hope," not the apocalypse. Pretty prairie dresses done up in sheer fabric help drive that idea home.  Bottega Veneta brought the elegance of Milan to the runway of New York City—and the New York Stock Exchange in particular. The best looks were all rich boudoir, like this sunshine yellow textural gown with bra detail showing through. It's sensual without being overt—Tomas Maier at his most refined. Wang's swan song to NYFW took place at the old Conde Nast building amidst flickering florescent lights and standard gray office cubicle walls—but the looks were all modernized "Working Girl"and the most polished the designer has been in seasons—this white fur tux jacket dress was a standout. Brock designers Kristopher Brock and Laura Vassar have made a duo name for themselves in denim and ultra-feminine dressing—melding the two perfectly for Fall 2018 in this chic update on a house coat paried with kicky flared dark jeans. Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia delved into the Oscar archives and embraced the label's identity as a house of gowns this season more than ever before—bringing home the idea with unabashedly pretty strapless dresses with billowing skirts with utterly whimsical prints. Oscar nominees will be lining up at the atelier. Carolina Herrera handed Wes Gordon the reigns of her empire as he handed her a bouquet fit for a queen. First, though Herrera showed a fantasyland of stunning gowns including this '80s inspired red off-the-shoulder dress that shows the always-regal designer's affinity for a little drama and a lot of class.  Never accuse Jacobs of lacking a knack for theatre. The New York native went all-80s-all-the-way, effectively convincing a crowd of runway-worn fashion folk that the future is all about the past for the last show of the week. A black patent trench with exaggerated shoulders wasn't the most over-the-top look of the lot, but it sold the idea that this much drama is right on time.  Kors had a little something for everyone at his Fall 2018 show—from ball gowns to plaid suiting and a leopard coat. This leather trench and flares is part of Kors calling card of exacting basics worth collecting. Those shopping bags might just have been some subliminal messaging to customers to get their cc's ready.  Maxwell showed a collection that was all about casual elegance for Fall 2018—complete with models spinning in perfect Pat Cleveland style. This finale look of a hoodie on an embroidered ball gown skirt, worn by Gigi Hadid drove the idea home.  The restrained beauty of the Isamu Noguchi sculptures on the runway at The Row is the perfect metaphor for the label's understated, beautifully executed looks. This flowing white top and drop-waist maxi skirt with just the right sheerness drives the idea home that luxury lives in just the right fabric, just the right pleat, just the right length and just the right details. 
 She looks radiant. Kate Middleton continues to perform her royal public duties, as she nears the birth of her third child with husband Prince William.  Celebrating St. Patrick's Day 2018, the Duchess wore a chic emerald green outfit, and simple black velvet pumps. She held her baby bump often, as she made her annual trip with Prince William to honor the Irish Guards for St. Patrick's Day, at Cavalry Barracks in Hounslow, England. Middleton looked ecstatic to be taking part in the engagement, and seemed happy to celebrating St. Patrick's Day with the guards. Her color co-ordinated outfit was perfect for the occasion, and was another example of the Duchess' pitch perfect maternity wardrobe: Prince William seemed to be enjoying the day immensely too, even partaking in what looked like a pint of Guinness, but might just have been a glass of cold brew coffee (judging by the Starbucks sign behind him): Plus, an Irish wolfhound called Domhnall was on hand to make the day even cuter: The Duchess of Cambridge is due to go on maternity leave soon, with her baby due sometime next month. But the gorgeous photos of her make it clear that she loves celebrating St. Patrick's Day: A very happy #StPatricksDay to the Irish Guards, and all our followers☘️ pic.twitter.com/9ss3UHdbMf Prince William and Middleton's third baby is due in April. They made the announcement about their due date back in October 2017, prior to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's engagement announcement.  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to confirm they are expecting a baby in April 2018. pic.twitter.com/jOzB1TJMof The baby's birthday could fall very close to great grandmother Queen Elizabeth II's, as she was born on April 21. 
 The creative director announces his plans to exit the streetwear brand he cofounded.  Five years after cofounding Vetements and sparking the luxury streetwear movement, Demna Gvasalia is stepping down as head designer of the brand. The news was announced in a statement to WWD over the weekend.  "Vetements has always been a collective of creative minds. We will continue to push the boundaries even further, respecting codes and the authentic values of the brand, and keep on supporting honest creativity and genuine talent," Guram Gvasalia, cofounder and chief executive officer of Vetements, told WWD. "What Demna has accomplished over the past few years represents a key chapter in the story of Vetements. We are very grateful to Demna for having contributed to the great momentum of the house." Demna's vision at Vetements ushered in a new era of luxury streetwear—one that remains impactful to this day. Over the years, the Georgian designer made a splash with many of his collections at Vetements—including DHL T-shirts, $800 sweatshirts that read phrases like "May the bridges I burn light the way" or simply "You Fuck'n Asshole," and even a runway show at McDonald's.  His success at Vetements ultimately led to him being appointed artistic director at Balenciaga in 2016. Demna will reportedly continue in his role at Balenciaga, though the Vetements statement also said he was stepping down  "to pursue new ventures." "I started Vetements because I was bored of fashion and against all odds fashion did change once and forever since Vetements appeared and it also opened a new door for so many. So I feel that I have accomplished my mission of a conceptualist and design innovator at this exceptional brand and Vetements has matured into a company that can evolve its creative heritage into a new chapter on its own," he told WWD in a statement.
 A capsule collection of red-soled booties has arrived. The day has finally come: Louboutin's baby shoes are back. Christian Louboutin made waves last year when, in collaboration with Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop, the signature red soled shoes were first released in mini form. Now, a limited-edition capsule collection has made them available once again. Anyone with a child between 6 and 9 months (or entering that window soon) should snap these up quick—there's no telling when, or if, they'll be on sale again. And with only 600 in stock, they're sure to go fast.   "I love the idea of transposing the proportions of women’s shoe detailing onto a baby shoe," Louboutin said. "That’s how I worked on the bow pattern. I wanted to give it a Walt Disney cartoon–type look which parents, including myself, usually fall in love with." The shoes come in three colors: a bold red, which blends seamlessly into the iconic sole, and two graphic takes on the brand's upcoming Loubigraf collection, which was inspired by graffiti. Now that the miniature version is on sale, Louboutin devotees can achieve ultimate mommy-and-me status. If you're worried these booties are just a gimmick, don't worry: Louboutin went above and beyond to craft these miniature pairs. It was "a new challenge for our artisans to work on baby shoes, since the techniques are completely different from those you use for a men’s or women’s shoe," he said. "We had to work very closely on the craftsmanship but I am very happy with the result." Judging by the success of the first Louboutin baby release, he's not the only one that's pleased to see them. 
From: Town & Country US

 The designer styles her go-to piece, three unexpected ways... Maggie Marilyn is like a breath of fresh air, bubbly but approachable, bright, young and pretty, which might be how you describe the New Zealand designer's ready to wear line. Part sporty part smart, the ethically responsible label launched in September 2016 and has become a go-to for girls who like a statement piece with polish. BAZAAR asked Marilyn to choose her hero piece from her recent collection and style it three ways.  "Our 'I'll Stand Beside You Dress' in custom blush stripe  is one of my favorite pieces from our resort collection and this is because it is really so versatile," she explains, "You can dress this piece down with sneakers and a t-shirt to elevate it or wear on its own with a great pair of kitten heel mules. This is a dress you could truly wear three times in one week." Below, Marilyn proves it. "This is my go to look for wearing this dress as it is so easy to wear to work. I have paired it with our Sunkissed t-shirt from Resort and a pair of Stan Smith adidas sneakers." How would you describe your personal style? I love contrasting elements in an outfit, a silk satin slip dress paired with sneakers or a slip dress with a t-shirt underneath. I love pairing elevated pieces with casual everyday accessories. I also like having a mixture of masculine boyish charm, with strong feminine details.  How is your style reflected in your brand? I think this is reflected in the brand's easy and optimistic approach. I describe the brand as 'livable luxury'. Beautiful pieces made with luxurious fabrics that can be worn everyday, they are designed to be lived in... "I paired the dress with a sash and bright fuchsia Manolo Blahnik mules. This is the perfect outfit for afterwork drinks and dinner." Why did you want to launch Maggie Marilyn? As cliche as it sounds, I was designing for a gap in the market which  my sisters, friends, mum and myself felt wasn't catered to. Clothing that was aspirational but wearable, luxurious but affordable, modern and current yet timeless and ethically, sustainably conscious.  What was your vision for it? My vision was and still is, to make beautiful clothes that not only empower our wearer to conquer her world but to empower the people involved in our supply chain, to enrich their lives as well. "I wore our I'll Stand Beside You Dress tucked into our Game Changer pants to act as a cami with the detachable sash removed for a more casual look. I kept the shoes simple, just black Manolo Blahnik kitten heel mules. This is a look pared back enough for Saturday brunch that can take you right through to Saturday night drinks." How would you describe the aesthetic of Maggie Marilyn? Optimistic, playful, feminine, empowering and freeing.  You include sporty elements in much of the design, what’s the thought behind that? I think this really relates back to the juxtaposition between the elevated and casual everyday aesthetic of the brand. it's also what we all wear now, its simplicity, which is a luxury in and of itself. Maggie Marilyn dress, $550, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 The designer was previously head of footwear at the Italian fashion house. Paul Andrew has been appointed womenswear creative director at Salvatore Ferragamo, effective immediately. The designer previously held the position of design director of women's footwear, which he was appointed in September 2016.  "Paul has a dynamic vision for the Ferragamo woman, which he has demonstrated with crystal precision and success in footwear over the past year," said Eraldo Poletto, group CEO. "He has a sensitivity for the essential codes and values of the Ferragamo house, and is able to recast and reassert them with an exciting, modern energy. I am confident that with this new responsibility, Paul will now be able to creatively unify all categories of the women's business with coherence and synergy, strengthening our brand identity." As creative director, Andrew will be responsible for overseeing the development of all women's product categories, as well as all marketing and communication imagery. His appointment comes at a time when the company is strengthening its global position as a luxury lifestyle brand rooted in leather goods and footwear—which is the particular area in which the designer has historically excelled.  "I am grateful for the confidence and trust the Ferragamo group and family have put in me," said Andrew. "It has been a privilege to work with the expertise of one of the world's great fashion and leather goods houses. I am thrilled by the opportunities that lay ahead in forging a single, powerful identity for a new Ferragamo woman." Previously, Andrew worked at Calvin Klein and Alexander McQueen before founding his eponymous shoe label in 2013. Since then, the rising footwear designer has won both the CFDA Fashion Fund Award in 2014 and the CFDA Swarovski Award for Accessory Design in June 2016. Paul Andrew's debut women's collection for Ferragamo will be presented during the autumn/winter 2018 shows in February.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 The 47-year-old model and entrepreneur exudes effortless beauty. From walking every major runway in the '90s, to recently making an epic return on the catwalk at Versace's tribute show to Gianni, Claudia Schiffer has solidified her status as a supermodel for the ages. Now with a makeup line of products that highlight natural beauty and a love for '70s fashion, Schiffer opens up about some of her favorite things and how she maintains her ageless style.  Karl Lagerfeld told me when I was starting out that I should just be myself and not worry about what anyone else wanted me to be. Throughout my career I’ve remembered his advice and trusted my instincts.  After 30 years of being fortunate enough to model some of the most beautiful clothes, I’ve really learned what suits me. I love MiH wide-legged denim for its versatility—so easy to dress up or down—and I go to Isabel Marant for cool separates. Her colorful broderie anglaise shirts have a wonderful ’70s feel. Isabel Marant top, $1,120, isabel marant.com. SHOP I honestly don’t know how many pairs of shoes I have, so it’s obviously far too many! My favorites are the Cloudy Star embroidered silk pumps from my Aquazzura capsule collection. The clouds work perfectly with designer Edgardo Osorio’s star motif, and they reference my childhood nickname, Cloudy. Claudia Schiffer for Aquazzura shoe, $895, aquazzura.com. SHOP I like many ’70s and ’80s trends, from flares and tailored jackets to embroidered blouses and cowboy boots. I’m not so keen on that era’s love of polyester, however. A Chloé “C” initial ring is at the top of my prefall shopping list. It’s a fabulous ’80s throwback, plus I love all things monogram. I also have my eye on a Chanel plastic cape, an Anya Hindmarch cross-body bag, and Gucci sunglasses—one wardrobe staple I can never have enough of. Chloé ring, $325, net-a-porter.com; Gucci sunglasses, $550, shop BAZAAR.com; Anya Hindmarch bag, $525, anya hindmarch.com. I have so many favorite artists, like Thomas Struth and Andreas Gursky, but Andy Warhol has a special place in my heart. As a young model living in the Marais in Paris, I spent a lot of time wandering around galleries. I remember visiting a Warhol exhibition at the Centre Pompidou and thinking, “One day I’m going to buy one of those.” I now have one of his camouflage paintings in my study. My husband [director Matthew Vaughn] proposed with an Ed Ruscha canvas that said, marry me. It hangs alongside my response, another Ed Ruscha painting that said, yes. I did give him the verbal response, though, before it arrived! Ed Ruscha’s Marry Me, 2001. When I’m home in London with my three kids, I have a five-minute makeup routine that works just fine. I apply Claudia Schiffer Make Up BB Primer or Cream Concealer on any blemishes, followed by lip and cheek tint for rosy cheeks, which makes me look like I’ve run around the block a few times. Finally, a few coats of my Luxurious Volume mascara really opens up my eyes. Claudia Schiffer Liquid Lip & Cheek Tint in Sherbert, $18, claudia schiffer makeup.com. SHOP Claudia Schiffer BB Primer, $30, claudia schiffer makeup.com. SHOP Playing a piano duet with Elton John is on my bucket list. I’d also like to do a mixology course to extend my repertoire beyond passion-fruit martinis, and study organic cooking at Daylesford farm in the Cotswolds.  Produce from Daylesford farm; Diamonds, by Elton John, $15, amazon.com. SHOP
 The 53-year-old legendary bombshell revisits the unforgettable night—and the iconic Versace gown—that forever altered her life. Twenty-five years ago, a friend of mine invited me to the London premiere of a low-budget movie he had produced that was generating a bit of buzz. The film, Four Weddings and a Funeral, starred Andie MacDowell and Hugh Grant. At the after-party, which took place at a crumbling building in Piccadilly, a stone’s throw from Buckingham Palace, the excitement over the release was quickly eclipsed by the scandalous appearance of Grant’s girlfriend, a little-known actress who had shown up in a black stretch-silk Versace dress so revealing that it only just managed to conceal her impressive breasts. It was slit to her upper thigh, and—most memorably—held together by large gold safety pins. Elizabeth Hurley had arrived on the scene. “I was so unprepared for what happened that night,” recalls Hurley, who at 53 looks almost unchanged. “I urgently needed to find a dress to wear for Hugh’s premiere, and in those days I had no idea about fashion.” Hurley was given the number of a PR agency that had offered to lend her something. “I remember going to an office where they literally fished a dress out of a white plastic bag,” she says. “I took it home and did my own hair and makeup, fighting Hugh for the mirror, which wasn’t even full-length, in our tiny one-bedroom flat. It was all very unglamorous compared to how things get done these days.” “I was so unprepared for what happened that night.” It was hardly an auspicious start for the moment that would propel Hurley into the global media spotlight. At a time when red-carpet dressing was dominated by the elegant restraint of designers like Giorgio Armani, in the flash of a camera bulb Liz Hurley single-handedly showed a whole other purpose for getting glam: red carpet as career move. “Gianni made that dress for a woman who is sure of herself and who isn’t afraid to break the rules,” Donatella Versace says of her late brother. “Liz embodied all of this in an extraordinary way.”  Afterward Hurley’s life changed rapidly. She acknowledges her debt to that dress, both for the doors it opened—within a year she became the face of Estée Lauder (she currently serves as the global ambassador for the brand’s breast cancer campaign)—and for the friendship it began with the Versaces.  And now the infamous dress that started it all has been reimagined by Versace, and Liz is back in it (enviably, she claims the original dress would also still fit). “I don’t exercise, but I am very active,” she says (as demonstrated by the Instagram photos of Hurley wearing her namesake swimwear line). “But just because it still fits doesn’t mean I would wear it today—it wouldn’t be appropriate!” The new version is “more demure,” she adds. This time around, her breasts are safely tucked behind fabric that crosses over her bosom rather than below it. There is a long sleeve on one side, and the safety pins hold together a discreet slash that runs across her toned stomach.  “Gianni made that dress for a woman who is sure of herself and who isn’t afraid to break the rules.” So how did it feel to reconnect with that life-altering moment? “Like a time revisited with affection,” she replies. “Back then I didn’t think too deeply about anything. I followed my jobs with a Samsonite suitcase, shoot to shoot, movie to movie.” These days, she enjoys the blissful domesticity of gardening on her estate in Herefordshire (“I love getting muddy and hacking down things with my chain saw!”) and relaxing with friends like Elton John and Valentino Garavani. In recent years, she has continued to titillate audiences, starring as the sexy and morally questionable Queen Helena of England on E!’s drama The Royals. “I had a great time working on that show,” she says. “I got to kiss a lot of young men in their 20s!” As for future roles, she notes, “I’m hoping to break with the femme fatale casting and play a lesbian in my next film.” Roles or not, one thing is for sure: Hurley still knows how to get tongues wagging.  GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR This article originally appears in the April 2019 issue of Harper's Bazaar, available on newsstands March 26.  Hair: Serena Radaelli; Makeup: Francesca Tolot for Ofra Cosmetics; production: Kennedy Carter for Oui Productions.
 The 17-year-old model shares what it was like working with the legendary designer on her first collection.  It's the last day of New York Fashion Week and despite having walked an impressive lineup of shows, Kaia Gerber is full of energy and enthusiasm, ready to talk about another big milestone in her career: her first collection, designed in collaboration with Karl Lagerfeld, no less.  At 17 years old, the supermodel-in-the-making's first foray into design comes just one year after making her runway debut, but with Karl as her teacher, she's managed to learn a lot her first time around. "In this particular field, there aren’t many people who know as much as Karl knows about design. So learning from somebody like that, I really couldn’t have asked for a better experience," Kaia gushes. The end result was the Karl x Kaia collection, a streamlined range of pieces that manage to perfectly blend the model's West Coast upbringing with the designer's Parisian roots. "We really wanted to have both our worlds meet and both of our personal styles come together," the model explains.  But before the collaboration came to be, she wasn't always so at ease working with the legendary designer. "I first met him at a Fendi fitting a year ago," Kaia recalls, "It was my first season doing shows and I didn’t know that he was going to be at the fittings because seeing how much of an icon he was, I was like ‘there’s no way he’s actually that involved!’ So I show up and walk out in my look and immediately see Karl in front of me and I was like [gasps]. It just immediately took my breath away. He said ‘Hi Kaia,’ and I was like ‘Me?!’ I was looking around like, 'is there someone else named Kaia here?! He can’t be talking to me, oh my god!'"   It’s official: KARL LAGERFELD will introduce an exclusive collection designed with model-of-the moment @kaiagerber, launching August 30. Comment below if you're excited! #KARLXKAIA A post shared by  KARL LAGERFELD (@karllagerfeld) on Aug 20, 2018 at 12:01am PDT Fast forward to a year later and both Kaia and Karl have been transformed into little cartoon balloons spotted all over the streets of SoHo, where the model celebrated the collection's launch during NYFW. "It's so crazy," Kaia reflects, looking up at the balloons that fill her hotel room. "I’ve always loved fashion, but personally I just wanted to be comfortable and growing up I was always a tomboy, so I never thought people would look up to what I was wearing. And to be able to actually design something? It’s just been really cool." Of course, it's hard not to bring up Kaia's mother, Cindy Crawford, in all of this. When I ask whether her supermodel mom has inspired her style, she credits the outcome of the collection partially to Cindy's influence: “My mom has always focused on the classics of style and I think she passed that onto me, where less is more. Karl also does an amazing job of not letting the clothes overshadow the woman, so with this collection we really wanted to focus on the classic pieces like a leather jacket and a little black dress and just things you can wear every day.” It should be noted, however, that there's much more to Kaia's personal style than comparisons with her famous mom. When I ask who her other style icons are, she warns me with a laugh, "Okay, this is a weird one, but have you ever seen Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas?" I nod, not sure of where she could possibly be going with this, and she excitedly continues, "Okay so Raoul Duke, Johnny Depp's character in it, is my style icon. I’ve always just been so obsessed with his look in the movie. Also David Bowie, I have really random style muses, but those two are mine. They’re fun and don’t take it too seriously."  And suddenly I'm reminded that I'm speaking to the coolest teenager, as if her first collection with Karl Lagerfeld wasn't already reminder enough. 
 The brand was a fitting choice. Barack and Michelle Obama unveiled their official portraits, painted by reowned African-American artists Kehinde Wiley and Amy Sherald respectively, at the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery this morning. While Barack's painting stars the former president amidst a colorful wall of foliage, Michelle's is simpler, featuring the former first lady in a geometric printed dress, sitting in repose against a blue-gray backdrop. That dress is by the American brand Milly, helmed by designer Michelle Smith. The look is from the the label's Spring 2017 collection, which hit the runway at New York Fashion Week in September 2016. Obama's free-flowing halter gown is playful and modern, covered in circles, stripes, and triangles in black and gray with touches of pink and yellow in the skirt. The former FLOTUS has long been a fan of the brand. She wore a striped bell sleeve blouse by the designer, paired with black trousers and pumps, for one of her final walks through the White House in 2017:  Thank you for the birthday wishes and for the greatest gift of all: the opportunity to serve as your First Lady. –mo A post shared by  Michelle Obama (archived) (@michelleobama44) on Jan 17, 2017 at 6:24pm PST She also sported a pair of wide-leg pants by the brand (with a perfectly edgy cut-out top) during a 2016 appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: And she wore a white blazer from the label in 2014 while promoting her Drink Up initiative, which encouraged citizens to drink more water: Milly is a fitting choice for Obama's portrait wardrobe, not only because it matches her fresh yet approachable style, but also because the designer is similarly passionate about women's rights and female empowerment. Smith has been a Planned Parenthood supporter for years and even designed a T-shirt to benefit the organization last fall. Her Fall 2017 collection, presented in the wake of the 2016 election, was about rising up from a dark, "fractured" place. Even her Fall 2018 collection, which debuted last week, was inspired by "love, inclusiveness and the desire for equality."
 Katie Sturino of The 12ish Style on the plus-size shopping tricks we should all know.  Since I was old enough to have an interest in clothing, I’ve struggled with finding the right size for my body in stores. From brands not carrying above a size 10 in their stores to the brands who don’t even make clothing above a size 10, shopping for plus-size fashion can be a frustrating experience. Over the years, I’ve managed to rack up a small arsenal of tips for navigating the fashion world when you’re not a size 2. Here are some of my best tips and tricks to better shopping for a curvy body type.  Normally when you think of tailoring a garment, you think to size it down—but you can also have something tailored up. On a recent trip to Dolce & Gabbana, I fell in love with a skirt but the largest size ended up being a smidgen too tight in the waist. As a solution, they offered to tailor the skirt up for me.  Pardon?! This is a thing? After some research, I discovered that many other luxury retailers, such as Chanel, Etro, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Saint Laurent, and occasionally Prada, offer the same service of letting garments out to make them bigger or adding fabric and elastic to accommodate the shopper's size. Don't be afraid to ask!   I shop for shoes in the men’s dept quite often...I have a wide size 12 foot and there are so many luxury brands making chic men’s shoes! More info on @shoesofnyc And yes I am twinning with @muppetsrevenge A post shared by  Katie Sturino (@the12ishstyle) on Feb 16, 2018 at 6:43am PST Shopping in the men’s department has allowed me to access labels I haven’t been able to previously wear due to sizing. There are a lot of unisex-friendly options from brands like Ralph Lauren Polo (I live in my Teddy Bear Sweater), IRO, and BLK Denim (because every girl needs a leather jacket) that make similar styles for men and women. My latest purchase is a striped top from the brand Kule which fit me best in a men’s XL! Ralph Lauren sweater, $395, ralphlauren.com SHOP NOW  Anyone else have trouble finding hats that don’t make you a pinhead? I rounded up my faves for @instylemagazine A post shared by  Katie Sturino (@the12ishstyle) on Dec 14, 2017 at 8:56am PST The boys pull through with shoes too! My big seasonal shoe purchase typically takes place in the mens department at Barneys. I have a size 12 wide foot and finding a strappy heel can be next to impossible most of the time. Luckily, I'm more of a sneakers gal and men's sneakers are having a moment these days. They're making all the bright and colorful women's sneakers for men, too (see here and here) which often works better for my size needs. The same trick works for boots too, like these Saint Laurent ones. Saint Laurent boots, $1,045, barneys.com. SHOP NOW  Which one is marrying Harry amiright?? A very royal #supersizethelook 👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻 A post shared by  Katie Sturino (@the12ishstyle) on Jan 22, 2018 at 7:06pm PST Five years ago, there was only one brand making comfortable and stylish jeans for a woman larger than a 12. Now, we’re living in an era of seemingly endless jeans options for all sizes, so it's easier than ever to find a brand that best suits your body type. Some of my favorites are Good American (pro-tip: I size up in any of the styles for added stretch), Warp + Weft, AYR, NYDJ, and Marina Rinaldi. A Canadian tuxedo is made for all bodies!  Not all curvy girls like high rise bikini bottoms and not all skinny girls want to rock a dental floss style suit. Whatever you wear on the beach this summer, make sure you are wearing it for you ❤️ Suit by @bruna.malucelli A post shared by  Katie Sturino (@the12ishstyle) on May 16, 2018 at 2:11pm PDT Plus-size swimsuits are tricky because brands automatically assume that if you're not a size 2, you want to wear an all black suit (which I don’t) and that bikinis need to have high-waisted bottoms that go up to your neck.  One of my favorite go-to swim picks is this Pucci string bikini that goes up to a size 14 but can be tied looser on a larger frame. Cynthia Rowley is making suits for Coedition, a new multi-brand plus retailer and I love the edgy collaborations that Ashley Graham and Gabi Gregg have done for Swimsuits for All.   ❌“Wear all black workout clothes, it’s more flattering” ❌“Only rock a sports bra only top if you have a flat stomach” ❌ “White pants show cellulite” ✅ “Wear whatever the F you want!”✅ A post shared by  Katie Sturino (@the12ishstyle) on Apr 6, 2018 at 12:33pm PDT Allow modifications to make an accessory work for your body. I love my belt bags by Dear Drew and Gucci and had no shame when I had to modify them to fit my waist by DIY'ing an extra hole in the belt.   Gucci belt bag, $1,100, gucci.com SHOP NOW  @chrissyteigen and I have the same outlook on transparency and I love her!! This lewk is classic and easy and such a fun #supersizethelook It’s not about who wore it better, it’s all about letting you know anyone can wear anything! Just put your confidence on first!!! Tap for details A post shared by  Katie Sturino (@the12ishstyle) on Apr 22, 2018 at 5:16pm PDT This one might sound obvious, but you can wear anything you want—mini skirts, crop tops, all white—no matter what your size, and that's the main message I try to communicate through my #SuperSizeTheLook series on Instagram. If you look in the mirror and can't see any sort of fashion on you, go to the celebs with the best stylists and designer clothes, and re-create it for yourself! You'll be surprised with how good you look! Read more of Katie's tips at the12ishstyle.com. 
 This runway show was simply mesmerizing.   What says Paris Fashion Week better than a flurry of dresses gliding down from the ceiling and sliding onto the bodies of waiting models? Japanese brand Issey Miyake is already known for its cutting-edge innovations in fashion, but now the label has also taken fashion shows to otherworldly levels. Displaying its 2020 Spring/Summer collection during its Paris Fashion Week show, dresses floated down onto models wearing skin-colored undergarments, clothing them in one swift motion. Insider also reported that the brand used pulley systems in order to pull off the surreal effect. Think Alice in Wonderland meets luxury. Don't believe us? See for yourself.  Wow, @isseymiyakeusa this is art. #pfw (via: @kristenvbateman & @mathiasrosenzweig) A post shared by  Paper Magazine (@papermagazine) on Sep 27, 2019 at 8:04am PDT  “Everybody dance now” 💃💃💃 The final of #isseymiyake Spring’20  @isseymiyakeusa A post shared by  Fashion Inspiration (@catwalkhautecouture) on Sep 27, 2019 at 8:16am PDT After the models successfully got dressed via pulley systems, the music abruptly changed from an ethereal cathedral/electronic mix to a pop instrumental, which the models began jumping up and down to in order to show off just how bouncy the latest Issey Miyake creations are. In another video, performers continued to defy physics, twirling on one foot while seemingly being propped up by thin strings. Some models even whizzed by on skateboards.  The enchanting show and the Spring/Summer 2020 collection was the first for Satoshi Kondo, the new head designer of the Japanese brand. Kondo succeeded Yoshiyuki Miyamae, Issey Miyake's prior creative head, according to Business of Fashion.
 Some even have matching mommy looks available. As many fashion-loving ladies have found, once you bring another person into the world, you want them to look as cute as humanly possible. You're even willing to share your shopping budget. See 15 brands worth spending those dollars on. This mom-owned brand is a little whimsical, a little French, very sweet, very soft and sustainably made. Everything is machine-washable, so while beautiful, it's all also very wearable. There's a definite Penny Lane, boho babe vibe to these tiny clothes that we can't get enough of.  The OG luxe baby brand has maintained its status for a reason—everything really is that chic.  With unexpected, fantastical prints, super cozy pieces and an approachable price point, this brand will become a go-to. Made for the fashion-forward preppy babies in your life. Moms everywhere can't get enough of DÔEN's soft cotton dresses with Bardot inspiration, and now they can get their little ones in on the action too. Who doesn't love an organic PJs moment? The design on these pieces is simple and beautiful, too. If you're going for that true Parisian bebe vibe, look no further. Sustainable, cool basics for the littles. It's all the things we'd wear daily if we weighed less than 35 pounds. This brand brings its same Euro-cool look for adults to the mini set. Just add a beanie and you're ready for a Scandi-worthy adventure. Cos raincoat, $89, cosstores.com. The e-commerce site with all the good kid stuff finally launched its own in-house brand, and it's as charming as we would have ever hoped for. These are the softest, coziest, easiest baby clothes you'll ever find. For when your kid feels like being a little extra, make it baby Gucci. An organic brand made of cotton and bamboo, this is a perfect place to find those little sets you always need for newborns, but also goes up to age 4.   In the market for romantic, easy dresses for your baby girls to wear all summer? LoveShackFancy it is. Every kid needs a comfy, cute bathing suit. Luckily, all Marysia Bumby styles have mom suits to match. For all the cool, Malibu-ready surfer boos in your life.
 Whether it's due to a last-minute invitation or a bit of procrastination doesn't matter: You're on the way to the party and you need a gift, now. Celebrating the host or guest of honor with something thoughtful is nice (and you'll need something if there's a White Elephant situation on the horizon).  The good news is that modern life means buying something on the go is simple. The littlest bit of thought can result in a gift that feels a lot more purposeful than the time stamp on the receipt would lead someone to believe. Below, four presents you can find easily, but won't look it. Crown Royal Deluxe, $24 WHERE TO BUY The lucky recipient can open the bottle immediately for a smooth whisky with hints of vanilla, oak, and fruit (or keep it for later). What's outside the bottle matters too: Crown's signature felt bag means this present is already wrapped. Kodiak Cakes Muffin Mix SHOP IT A present like this really shines the next morning when dishes are dirty and floors are sticky. Pop a bow on the box and it becomes super thoughtful (even if you actually only thought of it a half hour before...). Venero Wine Decanter SHOP IT Most big-box stores will have a sleek and simple decanter you can grab quickly. It's a universal crowd pleaser, since even hosts that aren't big wine-drinkers will have guests who are. Spotify Gift Card SHOP IT Chances are your host has a Spotify account, but doesn't pay to avoid all the ads (right?). Let them skip over the interruptions for as long as they—or your gift-giving budget—wants. 
From: Marie Claire US

 Where to find the coolest jeans of  now.  Finding the perfect pair of jeans is one of the greatest shopping feats known to womankind (not to be dramatic or anything). When it comes time to give your denim collection an update, finding styles that are both on trend and a good fit can be a daunting task. To make the process easier, we've rounded up fashion girls' go-to denim brands stocking the best styles of the moment. From the cuts favored by street style mavens to the rising denim brands you may not have heard of yet, consider this your guide to finding your next pair of go-to jeans.   @discodaydream in the RE/DONE | Levi's "Ultra High Rise" #shopredone #myredones A post shared by  RE/DONE (@shopredone) on Feb 18, 2019 at 12:55pm PST For those nostalgic for the fit of vintage jeans, this Californian-brand has become a favorite among the fashion set for its upcycled denim. Reconstructing old pairs of Levi's, Re/Done puts a modern twist on vintage denim—meaning you don't have to sift through your local thrift store to score the perfect pair of throwback jeans. The bottoms, which have scored the approval of Cindy Crawford and Gigi Hadid, mostly range in price from $200 to $350.  SHOP RE/DONE JEANS  Friday outfit idea: double up your denim. A post shared by  PAIGE (@paige) on Jan 11, 2019 at 9:11am PST Along with a selection of classic core denim styles and its own Vintage line, Paige has also expanded into trendier jeans and ready-to-wear pieces. Though you can count on this Los Angeles-based brand for endless cool-girl-approved options, Paige also has a philanthropic side. To advocate for a healthy self-image, the brand works with organizations including the National Eating Disorders Association and the Rape Treatment Center.  SHOP PAIGE JEANS  Golden hour ✨ @theroxyreyes in Good Legs Raw Edge Blue282, shop denim designed to shape and sculpt now in sizes 00-24 on goodamerican.com #goodsquad #goodlegs A post shared by  GOOD AMERICAN (@goodamerican) on May 21, 2019 at 4:48pm PDT One of the most inclusive denim options on the market, Good American offers a size range of 00 to 24. The Khloé Kardashian- and Emma Grede-helmed brand has a variety of fits and denim collections—including a Curve collection that caters specifically to those with curvy thighs and hips. Further, the brand's site allows you to view any pair of its jeans on different-size models to get a better idea of how they'll look on you. SHOP GOOD AMERICAN   @giizeleoliveira Dazzling in the Le Studded Jacket in Gelder. #AW17 #girlsinframe A post shared by  FRAME (@frame) on Nov 15, 2017 at 11:02am PST With a devoted list of both A-list and influencer fans, Frame remains one of the coolest denim brands on the scene. Whether you're looking for classic blue jeans, denim shirting, or even dresses and jumpsuits, there's something for everyone's style. If you get overwhelmed by the amount of options to choose from, the site offers a Find Your Denim search, which makes it 20 times easier to find your perfect pair of jeans.  SHOP FRAME JEANS  The Holy Grail of Denim 🙌 | @luciacuesta_ in The Tomcat Roller Fray in Sacred A post shared by  MOTHER (@motherdenim) on May 9, 2019 at 9:43am PDT From jagged hemlines to track pant-inspired jeans to ruffled flares, MOTHER has plenty of  denim for the fashion girl who likes to have fun—but it's also mastered the classics too. There's a reason the brand is favorited by just about every model off duty and a growing number of A-listers.  SHOP MOTHER JEANS  The PAUL jeans are sold out but the fan favorite WILL jeans are still in stock! Tap to get your pair now ⚡️⚡️ A post shared by  CIE (@ciedenim) on Jul 18, 2019 at 7:55am PDT For those looking for sustainable jeans, this newly launched brand uses both recycled and sustainable denim, along with deconstructed vintage jeans. Designed and handmade by founder Kelcie Schofield in New York, CIE Denim takes an "upside-down" approach—which most notably takes form in its reconstructed jeans that are quite literally upside down.  SHOP CIE DENIM JEANS  SS19 | Desert Shades Collection | @barneysny A post shared by  SLVRLAKE PREMIUM DENIM (@slvrlake.denim) on Nov 30, 2018 at 9:37pm PST Founded in L.A., this new luxury denim brand is one to watch. Ranging from high-rise straight-leg styles to wide-leg jeans and cropped flares, its streamlined and minimal designs are perfect for those who are looking for classic denim that will never go out of style.  SHOP SLVRLAKE JEANS   Lauren of @discodaydream catching the last light in the Flavie in Tularosa. #modelcitizen A post shared by  Citizens of Humanity (@citizensofhumanity) on Jul 29, 2019 at 1:00pm PDT Whether you're in the market for colorful jeans, white denim, or true blue, Citizens of Humanity does it all. Along with a vast selection of jeans, the brand also does denim jackets, skirts, and more—making it a trusty, timeless option among the fashion crowd.  SHOP CITIZENS OF HUMANITY JEANS  B for bum #abcdenim #mihjeans @celestinecooney @aliceneale247 @lilisumner A post shared by  M.i.h Jeans (@mihjeans) on Oct 31, 2017 at 9:54am PDT The London-based brand offers endless styles of denim—from dresses to jackets to skirts and just about any variety of jeans you could dream up. As a bonus, M.i.h also boasts customizable options on a selection of its jeans including custom-cut hemlines, waistbands, pocket detailing, patches, and embroidery.  SHOP M.I.H JEANS  More fun. The Pleat Jacket + The Overfit in Blonde. GOLDSIGN SS19. A post shared by  GOLDSIGN (@goldsigndenim) on Jan 8, 2019 at 9:56am PST Following a 2016 relaunch, Goldsign is quickly rising as a  major denim brand to watch. The brand's trousers-meets-jeans are a cool alternative for those who aren't into constricting, skintight denim. Plus, the brand's cream and ultra-light wash styles lend a fresh take to the classic blue jean.  SHOP GOLDSIGN JEANS  How are you styling your #3x1denim ? Tell us in the comments below. A post shared by  3x1 (@3x1) on Jun 11, 2019 at 8:01am PDT If you saw those frayed hemline jeans that took over the street style scene a few seasons back, chances are they were 3x1. The brand incorporates lace-up details, cutouts, and frayed/fringed hemlines that are just the right amount of fun for any fashion lover. From culottes to cut-off shorts, the endless styles cover everything from classic to more on-trend.  SHOP 3X1 JEANS  currently coveting: two-tone denim cc @patriciasanes_ A post shared by  Current/Elliott (@currentelliott) on Jun 25, 2019 at 2:02pm PDT Along with mastering the art of the perfect boyfriend jean, Current/Elliott is also known for its more playful and trend-driven jeans. From two-tone denim to animal prints and unexpected colors, the brand does trendy just as well as it does classic.  SHOP CURRENT/ELLIOTT JEANS  @hoskelsa working it in the Monday Jean in Workday White 💼 #sustainablyminded #inmyjbrand #JBRANDxElsaHosk A post shared by  J BRAND (@jbrandjeans) on Jul 30, 2019 at 8:18am PDT Chances are you've heard of J Brand, and there's a reason for it. The brand constantly dishes out new denim collaborations with fashion insiders like Elsa Hosk and Stephanie Shepherd. But along with the trend-driven collabs, it also boasts a classic range of flattering jeans that will remain timeless.  SHOP J BRAND JEANS  Spring 2019 / Rosie and Faye in Free Bird A post shared by  TRAVE (@travedenim) on May 3, 2019 at 8:31pm PDT Having just launched in 2017, Trave is a rising denim brand to put on your radar. Though the label first started as a small curation of jean styles, it has since expanded into denim jackets and skirts too. For those on the hunt for the perfect '70s cut or flattering high waist, Trave is worth discovering.  SHOP TRAVE JEANS   @charleefraser in #Jordache #Spring19 A post shared by  JORDACHE (@jordache) on Apr 12, 2019 at 10:04am PDT Given fashion's ongoing infatuation with nostalgia, it's no surprise that Jordache has staged a comeback this year. The brand's '90s-inspired jean cuts and early-2000s-inspired logomania make these jeans cool once again—especially for those who want to have fun with their denim.   SHOP JORDACHE JEANS 
 This year's "Camp: Notes on Fashion" theme is sure to deliver a bout of wild, over-the-top red carpet moments.  The 2018 "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and The Catholic Imagination" Met Gala may have blessed us with Rihanna dressed as a high fashion pope, but the theme for this year's Met Gala is bound to deliver even more over-the-top fashion moments. Consider the below your guide on everything to know ahead of this year's "Camp: Notes On Fashion" gala on Monday, May 6.    Expect to see a truly outrageous and over-the-top red carpet this year. The theme of the Met's 2019 Costume Exhibition is “Camp: Notes on Fashion.” No, not camp as in sleeping bags and tents, but camp as in exaggerated fashion. The exhibit is inspired by Susan Sontag's 1964 essay that defines camp as "love of the unnatural: of artifice and exaggeration."   Camp fashion can be humorous, ironic, or simply extreme in its nature, meaning you can already expect Lady Gaga and Rihanna to slay this year's red carpet.  Fittingly, the gala will be co-hosted by two campy fashion aficionados: Lady Gaga and Harry Styles. Even more fitting, the entire 2019 event is being sponsored by Gucci. Gucci's Alessandro Michele along with tennis icon Serena Williams will also be joining the two pop stars as co-chairs of the 2019 gala.  Featuring both men's and womenswear, the Met's "Camp: Notes on Fashion" exhibition will feature over 200 pieces of fashion, along with sculptures, paintings, and drawings from the 17th century through today. The works of designers from Virgil Abloh to Alexander McQueen, John Galliano, Rei Kawakubo, Mugler, Bob Mackie, Karl Lagerfeld, and more will be featured in the exhibit. Fresh off the Couture Week runways, the Viktor & Rolf slogan couture gowns that sparked an endless stream of memes will also be on display.  A large part of the exhibition will explore how irony, humor, parody, theatricality, and exaggeration are expressed in fashion. Other sections will highlight Versailles along with queer subcultures of Europe and America dating back to the 19th and early 20th centuries. “We are going through an extreme camp moment, and it felt very relevant to the cultural conversation to look at what is often dismissed as empty frivolity but can be actually a very sophisticated and powerful political tool, especially for marginalized cultures,” Andrew Bolton, Costume Institute curator, told the Times. “Whether it’s pop camp, queer camp, high camp or political camp — Trump is a very camp figure — I think it’s very timely.”  The Hollywood Reporter revealed a first look at the high-profile committee for this year’s Met Gala, giving us an idea of who’ll attend the celebrated fête this year. Big Hollywood names include: Bradley Cooper, Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds, Chadwick Boseman, Lupita Nyong’o, Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez, and Lena Waithe. Designers include: Tom Ford, Donatella Versace, Miuccia Prada, Pierpaolo Piccioli of Valentino, Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy, and Bob Mackie.  There are also philanthropists in the 183-person committee, like Annette de la Renta, Wendi Murdoch, and Sean and Alexandra Parker. Athletes like Venus Williams, Cam Newton, and Nnamdi Asomugha, who’ll attend with wife Kerry Washington, are also in the mix.  The 2019 Met Gala will take place on Monday, May 6, at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. 
 Western style gone high fashion... Calling all cowgirls. Designers have taken a turn due West. Fall's runways  including Calvin Klein, Fendi and Isabel Marant championed the utilitarian boot and now the look has officially hit the street style scene. The consensus is clear—it's Manifest Destiny or bust for below the ankle action.  Designers are on-board for cowgirl chic—from Isabel Marant to Calvin Klein and Fendi. This black and white pair on Xenia Adonts helps hit a trifecta of trends on the influencer—cowboy boots, cut-outs and bike shorts. Ganni boots, $551, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW While generally a casual look, take the idea into after-dark with this inspired crystal-embellished pair. Outside the most recent Vuitton runway, Camila Coelho takes the cowboy boot super high fashion. Louis Vuitton Fireball ankle boots, $1,780, available at select Louis Vuitton stores (1-866.vuitton) and louisvuitton.com. SHOP Aimee Song mixes florals with embossed croc black boots to prove the utter versatility of one great boot. Attico boots, $1,605, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW Once these little numbers are in your closet you'll be surprised to see how versatile they are. Wear them with everything from maxi skirts to skinny jeans.  The knee high height and contrast laser cut leather on these Tibi boots make the look. I believe the term we're looking for is game-changers. Tibi boots, $995, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW You don't need a logo to pick out these hero boots of the season. We'll take on in every color please. Fendi boots, $1,190, fwrd.com. SHOP NOW Jennifer Lopez proves the cowboy boot as fashion item is timeless in this early aughts snap—Barbarella hair not included. For every high fashion iteration we're loving, it's important to remember, you can't go wrong with a classic.  Just a little visual PSA to remind you that sometimes all a girl needs is white jeans and a good boot.` Because you never know when a cap toe is going to come in handy... Kate Bosworth wears the trend for evening—in Attico sparkling fringe— and day—in a Sade tee and and an over-the-knee version. We love the unexpected fabrication of these, which make them a standout, while still maintaining easy wearability. Mary-Kate Olsen embraced the idea in the mid-200s and we're still on board. 
 And her baby bump looks gorgeous.  Lily Aldridge is five months pregnant right now, but that's not going to stop her from walking in New York Fashion Week.  Aldridge officially announced her second pregnancy at the end of August 2018. Taking to Instagram, the model shared the happy news along with a photo of her baby bump in a bikini. Fans of Aldridge wondered if her news meant that she wouldn't be walking in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in November, but if Aldridge's New York Fashion Week appearance is anything to go by, the model isn't stopping work anytime soon. Taking to the runway for Brandon Maxwell this weekend, Aldridge looked effortlessly chic in a red dress, which perfectly accentuated her baby bump.  The Victoria's Secret Angel celebrated the momentous occasion on Instagram, describing how empowering it was to walk the runway while pregnant:  So proud to walk the @brandonmaxwell runway pregnant! I’ve walked a few runways in my life and this is a moment that I’ll look back on forever with great emotion ❤️ Thank you Brandon for letting my shine & being such a true gentleman, Love you FOREVER!!! Thank you @georgecortina for making me feel so beautiful 💋 makeup by my love @tompecheux & hair by the sweetest @jamespecis ⚡️ @mr_stephengalloway from pumping me up before the runway 💃🏽 And love to all the amazing powerful girls casted in the show by @johndavidpfeiffer 💋 It was so much fun being backstage will all the girls, everyone was so uplifting and rubbing my belly celebrating this beautiful journey with me 🤰🏻 Nothing but Empowerment  at Brandon Maxwell❤️❤️❤️❤️ A post shared by  Lily Aldridge (@lilyaldridge) on Sep 9, 2018 at 5:50am PDT
 Look out for Les Girls Les Boys. The founder of ultra-sexy (and sometimes racy) lingerie brand Agent Provocateur is moving on to something less kinky and more progressive: a gender-fluid underwear line. Serena Rees, who established Provocateur in 1994 (and eventually sold it off a decade ago), is launching Les Girls Les Boys—a lingerie label featuring intimates, underwear, and streetwear that isn't confined to one gender. The brand launches on September 1 with a debut collection of 100 pieces. The aesthetic is much more toned down than Agent Provocateur's, ditching pasties, lace bodices, and BDSM-esque straps for minimalist designs inspired by streetwear (hence, an appeal to millennials). There are graphic tees, comfy-looking sports bras and bodysuits, and sweats. Perhaps most notable are the "bed to street" cotton briefs with logo garter bands à la Calvin Klein, which one could easily picture taking over Instagram or peeking out from people's jeans in street style snaps.   Rees started working on Les Girls Les Boys about 18 months ago after noticing the "disconnect" between oversexualized concepts of lingerie and how young people now view sex and sexuality. "Victoria’s Secret and Agent Provocateur are just not relevant to them anymore," Rees told the The New York Times. The affordable price range ($25 to $143) doesn't hurt, either.   "The last decade has seen the rise of totally unobtainable and hypersexualized body images, particularly for women, fueled by the era of internet, social media and plastic surgery," Rees added. "It is wrong and it is worrying because it makes people so unhappy and insecure. In a weird way, I feel a little responsible for it." Les Girls Les Boys pieces will be available to shop lesgirlslesboys.com starting Sept. 1, and stores like Nordstrom and Selfridges.   
 The standout looks from the week's top collections.  As the Spring 2019 collections unfold at New York Fashion Week, we're spotlighting the top five runway looks from all the standout shows. Consider it your sneak peek at the looks that will define the upcoming season. Marc Jacobs started his Spring 2019 runway procession an hour and  a half after go-time, but for those who waited it out, the riches were plenty. Sometimes Guido Palau's hair matched the cotton candy colored confections—clothes with feathers, frills, tulle and bows that built upon last season's '80 volume, mixed with a vibe that was decidedly Jackie- O.-circa-Camelot on a light hallucinogenic.  The results were artful, playful, surprising—the reason we're still willing to wait it out for Marc and the magic only he can bring to the City of Dreams. -Kerry Pieri Just as the fashion set was forced to dash from their European beaches—and their steady stream of seaside Insta posts—Michael Kors brought them back. The theme for Spring 2019 is “global getaway”—with a mix of Baja knits, brocade, stripes, polka dots, fringe, florals, laser-cut leather and an “Endless Summer” sweater done up in shades of watermelon, turquoise, lemon, persimmon and lime. Denim and polka dots also made an appearance alongside espadrilles and fringe bags and hats, so many hats. And of them are primed for next season’s vacation ‘grams—floppy hats, knit caps, bucket hats, head scarves, a swim cap! Get your cameras ready.  -Kerry Pieri And so Raf Simon's riff on all things American continues. The designer has been at the helm of Calvin Klein since Fall 2017, and his first seasons took cues from Westerns, cementing Simons' look for the brand. Then, he turned to collegiate logos and athleticism for Resort, and he's tapped into classic films "JAWS" and "The Graduate" for his latest showing. Wetsuits, wet hair, tank tops, half-off dresses, and rubber add-ons were paired with prim, Mrs. Robinson-worthy dresses and graduation caps on the runway for a theatrical presentation that was comprised of both extremely wearable (see: the killer outerwear, trousers, and shoes) and the on-the-nose, cheekier pieces that drove home Simons inspiration. One thing is for sure, this season of 205W39NYC will undoubtedly result in coats, boots, and bags we'll be filling our carts with. – Carrie Goldberg Spring 2019 for creative director Stuart Vevers was all about festival dressing–on his terms. Whether you're packing for Coachella, Burning Man, a trip to Austin or Marfa, or in Vevers case, Sante Fe, this is the wardrobe you should be packing to hang with the cool kids. Feminine and frilly dresses aside, Vevers included cheeky touches like upside-down prints of Disney characters on hoodies and graphic tees and included leather and bomber toppers for added badassery. Keep an eye out for the season's leather goods as well–they are, after all, the specialty of this house. – Carrie Goldberg Inspired by a sci-fi comic that focuses on a dystopian take on the American West, East of West, LaPointe aimed to deconstruct American classics for Spring 2019– and keep in mind some of her biggest fans, Gigi and Kendall, in the process. Known for her cool-girl separates and textural plays, Spring 2019 for LaPointe is all about denim, trenches, the working girl pencil skirt, oxford shirting, and more–either turned on their ears or with a futuristic edge. Per her past seasons and an au courant way of dressing, this season showcased completely monochromatic looks that we expect to see fashion's favorite it-girls sporting on the street. – Carrie Goldberg Gabriela Hearst is a master of closet essentials, but in elevated ways. Think of her pieces as riffs on high-end basics we didn't know we absolutely could not live without, until now. This season, her signature color palette of neutrals, indigos, and soft pinks was capped off with embellishments, artful pleating, and tailoring we want to wear for everything from the office to black tie. As if that weren't enough to want/need/die for, we're going to need her mini bags in our closets come spring as well–or ASAP. – Carrie Goldberg 
 So fun, you’ll be tempted to stay out all night. A fresh wave of designers are reinventing the concept of dressing up, and Saks is championing them all. Gone are the boring LBDs, going-out tops, and stuffy formal gowns, and in their place come a new slew of fun, edgy-yet-glamorous dresses and jumpsuits that'll really make you want to party.  The cool young things designing it all—like Alessandra Rich (a major fave of British socialites), Alexandre Vauthier, and Attico—are creating pieces that are bursting with color, embellishments, and prints.  And best of all, everything is made to dance in—so much so that you just might be tempted to stay out until the early hours of the morning.  Shown above: Alessandra Rich dress, $1,790, saks.com; Oscar de la Renta earrings, $490, saks.com; Alexander Wang bag, $1,295, saks.com; Alexandre Vauthier dress, $3,230, saks.com; Judith Leiber bag, $5,495, saks.com, Attico boots, $1,045, saks.com Breakfast at Saks The classic black gown Holly Golightly sported after having a night out on the town is an undeniably iconic moment, but today's modern girl is all about making a statement. Sara Battaglia’s sequin-ruched ankle-grazing dress does all the talking here, meaning minimal accessories are required. This silk one-shoulder jumpsuit has a casual and charmingly playful element to it (i.e. an elasticized waist tie) that can easily translate from night to day. Soon, rocking a full-on mashup of color and pattern will feel just as simple as throwing on a T-shirt. Sara Battaglia dress, $2,545, saks.com; Attico bag, $351, saks.com;  Katkim ear pin, $700, saks.com; Johanna Ortiz jumpsuit, $1,750, saks.com; Linda Farrow sunglasses (similar), $540, saks.com Coffee Run Color is the name of the game. A pink Magda Butrym dress checks all the best-of-the-'80s boxes: potent prints, ruching, a nipped-in waist, and legs for days. Not to mention statement shoulders that are much sleeker and less fussy than their predecessors. An all-velvet Attico gown is the perfect solve to a "what do I wear?" situation. And because of its uber chicness, you can get away with minimal thought elsewhere; ballet flats look just as appropriate as heels do when worn against a bold, plush fabric.   Magda Butrym dress, $1,825, saks.com; Oscar de la Renta brooch, $265, saks.com; Kenneth Jay Lane earrings, $100, saks.com; Attico bag, $216, saks.com; Loeffler Randall heels, $375, saks.com; Attico dress, $1,766 saks.com, Attico slides, $650, saks.com; Sydney Evan earrings, $5,305, saks.com Garden Party Attico's dual designers Giorgia Tordini and Gilda Ambrosio have brought us back to the days when dressing-up was a joy and less a chore (look to their personal style for some extra inspiration). Take their blooming motif  into the new season with a tie-shoulder and liquid velvet slip. It's a romantic, glamorous look for the modern-day woman, and proof that florals can be a year-round pattern. Colombian fiesta touches toughen up Johanna Ortiz’s romantic aesthetic for fall, and this feminine ruffle number with balloon-sleeve magic makes it an effortless choice for any occasion.  Johanna Ortiz dress, $2,500, saks.com; Illesteva sunglasses, $230, saks.com; Edie Parker bag, $750, saks.com; Rene Caovilla shoes, $1,095, saks.com; Attico dress, $945, saks.com, Nancy Gonzalez bag, $3,750, saks.com, Manolo Blahnik heels, $645, saks.com City Limits We can all agree that the spaghetti strap is nothing groundbreaking, but this iteration is plenty noteworthy, with embellishments, deep slits, and lots of sequins.  The trick when looking for a different type of dress is to keep an eye out for the details. A knotted bodice or cascading ruffle trim give sparkles a casual-cool effect. Keep accessories simple for that on-the-go attitude. Instead of an oversized tote, opt for a clutch or top-handle bag for easy mobility.  Alessandra Rich dress, $1,925, saks.com; Alexander Wang heels, $995, saks.com; Kenneth Jay Lane earrings, $45, saks.com; Judith Leiber Couture clutch, $3,995, saks.com; Alexandre Vauthier dress, $6,800, saks.com, Jimmy Choo heels, $695, saks.com; Plevé earrings, $6,795, saks.com; Edie Parker bag, $1,295, saks.com Styled by Allison Bornstein, Hair by Linda Shalabi, Makeup by Mark Edio
 "Desmond is Amazing" is just that. Desmond Is Amazing, a 10-year-old self-proclaimed "drag kid," worked the runway at New York Fashion Week on Sunday, when he strutted down the catwalk at Gypsy Sport's Fall 2018 show. "I FEEL A-MA-ZING!!!," Desmond, whose full name is Desmond Napoles, wrote on Instagram. "I am so thankful for all the opportunities today." According to the native New Yorker and LGBTQ advocate, he is a "drag kid, dragutante, dragketeer, and draganista doing what I like to call kinderdrag 🍭." Desmond told The Daily Beast earlier this month that he began dressing in drag at age 2, when he used to wear his mom's heels around the house and her bed sheets as a wig.  Desmond describes his looks as "androgynously" and his style "avant drag." In Gypsy Sport's show, he wore an oversize black blazer with Elizabethan ruffles around the neckline. His noticeable sense of confidence beamed from the runway, and it seemingly aligns with that of Gypsy Sport designer Rio Uribe who, in a September Vogue profile, was dubbed a "natural-born disruptor." "For [Uribe], thinking outside the traditional bounds of fashion is a way of life," the publication noted.  RuPaul has also given Desmond his stamp of approval. In the video below, the drag queen of all drag queens told Desmond at DragCon 2017 in New York City that he was the "future of America.” Desmond is also creating a platform and paving the way for other children like him. According to his Instagram, he has created a drag house for drag kids called Haus of Amazing — clearly, Gypsy Sport is just the beginning for the young star.  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 The iconic Italian brand reinvents a classic.   What's in a logo? A lot if you're an Italian heritage brand like Furla looking to re-evaluate your place in the market. While most brands might search outward for inspiration, Furla looked within the company, and therein found their answer. Furla landed on a symbol the perfect symbol that represented the view of thee company —an arch. "There is an arch at the entrance of Fondazione Furla. It's a symbolic point of view. You enter in a new world, enter in Furla world, it's inclusive, Furla loves you," the brand's CEO Alberto Camerlengo tells Bazaar.com during their Milan Fashion Week Spring 2020 presentation.  Starting with the current Spring 2020 collection, you'll find this new logo on Furla's accessories range. The arch symbol serves as the closure on their most well known styles like the pochette, crossbody, saddle bag and beyond. In terms of colors they have something for everyone, whether you lean towards neturals like black or cognac, or a quintesstial spring hue like pink. The Spring 2020 range will also offer up printed accessories with florals and chainlinks. Inclusivity is echoed again as a touchstone for the brand. "The arch is ageless, sexless detail. It's contemporary, it's smart and at the same time very wearable," says Furla President Giovanna Furlanetto. "Our customer is quite young, 20-35, but even teenagers buy our products. It's aimed to fulfill the desire of every target, no matter who you are or your social status. We embrace the widest target."  While embracing a varied customer is important, so is capturing the attention of those customers in the digital age. The importance and the unrelenting pace of the internet is not lost on Furla's leaders.  "We've gone through the process, renewing ourselves according to the years we've been living," explains Furlanetto. "At one point our collection was distributed amongst 46 Saks Fifth Avenue stores in the U.S. It was the good time for department stores, but no that's gone, it's a digital time. The brand accepts that stores are becoming more like showrooms, while customers may browse product in a brick and mortar location, they may end up purchasing online. They've even developed an app in store so that customers can order exactly what they're looking for. "Times have changed and the company has survived 90+ years in a world that is so quickly changing—it's a miracle. So, we're always reinvesting in our company," says Furlanetto.  Stopped by the @furla presentation, with my personalized bag. Loving their new logo and look! #FurlaIllusions # ad A post shared by  PAOLA ALBERDI (@paolaalberdi) on Sep 20, 2019 at 10:35am PDT They also embrace the digital age and know that the access to customers via social media is invaluable. "Social media is an opportunity to get in touch with our customers. We have 1.6 million Instagram followers and we engage with them as much as we can. We are very happy with our community, and we try to work with them as much as we can. It's a chance to learn what they desire." What's their biggest desire? "Newness," Furla says, and newness is what Furla continues to deliver.  Shop Furla Fall 2019 collection now at furla.com.
 From blazers to must-have boots.  The end of summer is always slightly depressing (we'll miss you, rooftop season), but luckily we have the gift of Labor Day Weekend sales to soften the blow. This weekend may be filled with an overwhelming amount of sales to scour through, but Nordstrom's End of Summer sale is one not to miss. Filled with plenty of fall must-haves—from menswear-inspired blazers to boots and boho dresses—here are the LDW sale items you can actually wear all fall and winter long.  Originally $99, on sale for $59.  Embrace fall's menswear-inspired blazer trend with a gray checked jacket that will go with virtually everything in your closet. Dress it up for the office or wear it with jeans and a white tee for a more casual look.  Originally $45, on sale for $27. Clear bags ruled summer's bag scene, but for fall, try the look in all-black with this structured top handle bag.  Originally $65, on sale for $39.  Transition your summer wardrobe into fall with an easy-to-wear wrap midi dress.  Originally $150, on sale for $90. Make way for the cowboy boot come back this season. Style them with boho-inspired dresses and for those who don't want to go too far into Wild Wild West territory, opt for a sleek white and black iteration.  Originally $98, on sale for $49.  Up your denim game with a classic straight leg cropped jean that will show off your fall footwear.  Originally $279, on sale for $167.  Knee-high boots are back in a big way for fall. Style them with a flowing dress and you've instantly got an effortlessly chic look.  Originally $595, on sale for $357.  Give your coat collection a revamp with this oversized cashmere style that you'll wear all season long.  Originally $48, on sale for $24.  Give your go-to hoops a break and try a sculptural drop earring for a change.  Originally $350, on sale for $210. Cardigans are officially cool again. I repeat: cardigans are officially cool again. Think '90s-inspired crops, puff sleeve detailing, and chunky cable knits.  Originally $325, on sale for $195.  Just because summer's ending doesn't mean you have to give up your beloved denim jacket. A faux shearling-lined jacket works well into fall.   Originally $19, on sale for $11.  Test drive a darker red lip for fall, Mac's limited-edition Aaliyah collection is still available (and on sale), but scoop it up before it sells out for good.  Originally $398, on sale for $198. How many effortless midi dresses is too many for fall? The limit does not exist.  Originally $130, on sale for $91.  Embrace this season's animal print with a snake print pump you can wear to the office or on the weekend with a pair of jeans.  Originally $95, on sale for $57. It's time to stock up on turtlenecks, Vince's classic cotton style makes for the perfect layering piece through fall and winter.  Originally $89, on sale for $53.  Need some fresh outfit ideas for the office this fall? Style these high-waisted pants with a simple black turtleneck and you'll look instantly polished. 
 From cool crochet to the return of hot pants, this is your official guide to spring's top trends.  The long parade of more than 100 fashion shows for the spring 2020 season has concluded—but we're just getting started. The first order of business is discerning the most impactful trends of the season: from artisanal crochet and graphic polka dots to a look at decades past via disco collars and '60s wallpaper prints, couture feathers, hot pants, bold neons, and many more. See which designers led the pack for each new mode and get in on the looks early by shopping them now. Welcome to what's next. And just like that disco’s not dead. The wide collar favored by the Studio 54 set made a surprise comeback on the spring 2020 runways. Modernized on coats, jackets, and button-downs at Lanvin, Ferragamo, JW Anderson, and beyond, the look is often shown with contrasting colors to make it really stand out. Because what’s the point of a super collar if you can’t really see it? Pictured: Lanvin, Victoria Beckham, Salvatore Ferragamo, Saint Laurent, JW Anderson The look is most impactful in jacket form—bonus points if it has a contrasting collar as seen on the Paco Rabanne runway.  Ease into the trend with a trench coat that features a strong, pronounced collar—and can be worn both now and next spring.  Crochet is getting a cool update come spring. Think ultra-feminine dresses, polished suiting, and eveningwear that feels modern with a special touch of Grandma’s handmade crochet. As the fashion industry looks for ways to become more sustainable, there’s something special about a “trend” that embraces a slow, handmade technique that can be passed down generation after generation—à la that treasured family heirloom that lasts forever.  Pictured: Marni, Fendi, Salvatore Ferragamo, Jil Sander, Gabriela Hearst Jonathan Simkhai's delicate midi dress complete with a matching cardigan tied at the waist got the season's crochet trend just right.  Style this crochet cardigan over your favorite slipdress to wear the look now.  Who wears short shorts? A lot of us, come next season. Hot pants staged a triumphant comeback on the spring 2020 runways—from itty bitty knit shorts at Hermès and Ferragamo to denim cutoffs at Rag & Bone and spandex at Brandon Maxwell. For those who'd rather ease into Daisy Duke status, Chanel styled the look with black tights.  Pictured: Hermès, Isabel Marant, Chanel, Saint Laurent, Salvatore Ferragamo, Brandon Maxwell Balance out the ultra-short shorts with long sleeves or a jacket on top, à la Isabel Marant.  Take inspiration from the Chanel runway and style a pair of black tights under these black short shorts to wear the look now.  What’s fluoro pink, orange, blue, green, and yellow, and refuses to blend in with the crowd? All the highlighter-inspired neons gracing your favorite catwalks, from Tom Ford to Christopher John Rogers, and Courreges. Subtle may not be her specialty, but these vibrant shades pair wonderfully with black, white, or tan, and know how to make an entrance. Pictured: Courreges, Christopher John Rogers, Jacquemus, Marni, Balenciaga Valentino knows this trend is at its best when it's go big or go home. A striking neon maxi dress is one way to make an entrance—and an exit.  The hue has just as much impact in blazer form with this striking neon green find from Sies Marjan.  If the thought of hot pants makes you want to run, Bermuda shorts are here to save the day. Putting a twist on the classic suit, designers from Bottega Veneta to Chloe to Givenchy embraced the Bermuda short suit for spring. Part nine-to-five, part California cool, meet the next wave of the bike short trend.  Pictured: Bottega Veneta, Chloe, Altuzarra, Givenchy, Tod's, Dion Lee Tom Ford offered a more playful take on the Bermuda suit—opting for a hot pink mismatched-fabric iteration.  Go for a feminine, playful take on the trend with Frankie Shop's pale-pink Bermuda shorts and matching blazer.  Crop tops are no longer cutting it—the bra top has officially entered the party. From crochet iterations at Dior and Giambattista Valli to a more daring sheer number at Loewe, bikini dressing comes in all textures and styles. Just add a high-waisted skirt and you've got the perfect summer look.  Pictured: Fendi, Dior, Givenchy, Giambattista Valli, Loewe  Make it ultra feminine by styling a ruffle-embellished bra top with a high-waisted midi skirt, as spotted on the Lanvin runway. Two trends in one? Yes, please. Get an early start on the bra-top craze with this crocheted version you can layer under your favorite cardigan to achieve that sought-after Katie Holmes street style look.  Last season found us in a sea of flowing tulle, indication that gala gowns were ready to hit the circuit beyond your basic black-tie affair. Expanding on that idea for spring 2020 are lovely and light tiered dresses that manage to offer volume, high drama, and maximum twirl-ability. Oscar de la Renta and Roksanda took the idea pretty in pink, while Preen, McQueen, and Dior went classic in black and white.  Pictured: Molly Goddard, Christopher Kane, Roksanda, Dior, Alexander McQueen Chanel's tiered maxi skirts are surprisingly versatile pieces for spring—dress them up with the right blouse and shoe, or make them more casual with a bra top and sandals.  Wear it now with your favorite turtleneck and then again next spring with the perfect crop top or T-shirt.  We'll spare you the groundbreaking florals this season and instead, look to '60s and '70s wallpaper for your print fix. Retro prints ruled the runways—bringing both major color and pattern to all the top collections. Serving up mod home decor realness, vintage wallpaper (and couch) prints were channeled in the form of suiting at Prada and Marc Jacobs. Christopher Kane opted for a more psychedelic wallpaper print in the form of spring dresses, while Etro and Alberta Ferretti delivered a more bohemian-print option.  Pictured: Prada, Marc Jacobs, Gucci, Fendi, Etro, Christopher Kane Your grandparents' old kitchen wallpaper, but make it fashion in the form of a flouncy Christopher Kane dress.  A colorful, abstract print dress that captures the playfulness of '60s wallpaper in sartorial form. Just add sandals and go. When it comes to eveningwear, as much as the world is wont to convince you, sometimes a little black dress just won’t do. Enter: boldly feathered frocks and tops from Burberry, Valentino, Attico, and more. While almost certainly light as air, these ensembles pack a heavy sartorial punch. Pictured: Christopher John Rogers, Prabal Gurung, Burberry, Valentino, Richard Quinn If you don't have a black-tie event to tend to, take note from Attico and give the look a bit of edge by styling a glam feathered top with a cool pair of trousers or jeans.  Ideal for your next night—offset the glam feathers with a pair of jeans or a printed pair of pants.   While the term borrowed from the boys is so passe in 2019, there is something decidedly last midcentury Savile Row about the vest. Whether included as part of a three-piece suit at Burberry and Etro, or mismatched with a jacket at Louis Vuitton, there’s something quite dapper and appealing—not to mention endlessly flattering—about the almighty waistcoat.   Pictured: Celine, Max Mara, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs, Rag & Bone Etro gave the classic white suit an update with the addition of a matching vest styled underneath.  A camel-hued vest that can be worn under a blazer or solo.  Once reserved strictly for fall and winter, leather is  ready to have its moment during spring too. The material was spotted on spring 2020 runways from New York to Paris in just about every form—from colorful jackets at Coach 1941 and Bottega Veneta to skirts and pants at Marni and Alexander McQueen.  Pictured: Coach 1941, Bottega Veneta, Alexander McQueen, Sally LaPointe Get the look right for the season by opting for a colorful skirt or jacket iteration that can be styled countless ways. Going for lime-green separates and unexpected outerwear, Marni nailed it. Nothing says "spring leather" quite like this colorful rose skirt from Prada.  Designers are digging in their luxury heels when it comes to the almighty dot—simply put, the trend shows no sign of slowing. The innovative duo that is Dries Van Noten and Christian Lacroix found a place for the polka dot on a maxi skirt-and-simple tank pairing, topped off with a head feather, while Balmain embraced volume for the enchanting print, and Wes Gordon at Carolina Herrera went fitted, '90s, and sheer for one of his takes on dots. Pictured: Dries Van Noten, Sacai, Maison Margiela, Paco Rabanne, Balmain Freshen up the trend by opting for an enlarged polka-dot print as seen at Carolina Herrera.  Wear this graphic dot print dress now with your favorite boots and with strappy sandals for all your spring weddings. 
 School-girl plaid just got a brand new beat. Few things say fall and back-to-school quite like a polished plaid. Once the domain of  classic Gaelic kilts, prep-school uniforms, and one immortal Cher Horowitz, the ultimate heritage fabric (it can be traced back nearly 3,000 years!) is seeing an autumn renaissance: It's been reshaped and rethought for a new generation of the mad-for-plaid. Now, there are tailored tartans with a twist and criss-crossed separates made to be mixed-and-matched. Even gowns are on the grid and come with statement-making flourishes. The bottom line? Whether worn while weaving through the city or lolling in the countryside, chic checks will have you one step ahead of any fashion curve. Garden Party  The easiest way to leave a lasting impression? A plethora of plaid paired with some made-for-Instagram sequin-stamped fur, of course! Next stop, Tinseltown.  Vera Wang faux fur coat, $3,500; farfetch.com, Vera Wang checked oversize scarf, $950; farfetch.com  Check Mate Keep coordinated checks more cool than corporate with a subtle flash of skin. Simply grab the nearest scarf, tie it cross-body, and let it trail.  Vera Wang jacket, pants, and checked oversize scarf, $950; farfetch.com    Field of Dreams Who knew checkerboards could be so celestial? With a sophisticated statement piece like this, there’s nothing else to do but sit back and revel in its sent-from-above splendor.   Vera Wang dress Frock Candy A head-turning silhouette lends traditional tartan a subversive twist. Case in point? This tiny number’s heritage print may be straight from the Highlands, but its strapless, scrunched-up shape is all punk. Now, go and play! Vera Wang checked oversize scarf, $950; farfetch.com 
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttp’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 The supermodel is one of four protagonists in the new project.  "It’s just funny that this character was chosen for me because I can really relate to her, it’s a little emotional," says Gigi Hadid about her role in the 2019 Pirelli calendar. The latest calendar, lensed by renowned photographer Albert Watson, has a cinematic theme to it as the photographer has tapped four women to play characters and tell a story of the changing nature of ambition and success.   Hadid is certainly no stranger to success, but even the supermodel has been surprised by her own good fortune. "I think that it’s crazy because so many of the things I've accomplished, I didn’t think I would do, maybe ever—but definitely not so quickly," she told Bazaar the day after shooting for the 2019 calendar.  However, Hadid's character shows a side to fame and fortune that most of us are not privy to. She plays an aristocrat, going through something in her life where she wants to get away from everyone, so she rents the penthouse of New York's Carlyle Hotel, and brings her trusted confidant (played by Alexander Wang) along. "I can kind of relate in a way, because I’m always traveling alone and sometimes I find myself, after being around hundreds of people, in a setting where it seems like a lot going for me and it's very glamorous, but at the end of the night I'm in a room by myself. I might be in a country where I don’t know anyone, in a weird time zone where no one at home is awake, and there’s no one to talk to."  Hadid says while there can be loneliness and sadness, there's also a beauty in it and a strength to be gained. "It's in these moments that you learn what you need to fulfill yourself. Over the last few years, for me, that’s been going to my family's farm and shutting off, so that when I return to work I can be present." Hadid noted that shooting this calendar was much different than her first time appearing in Pirelli's 2015 calendar lensed by Steven Meisel. "I don’t think I spoke the whole day, I was so shy and terrified. But that was such a good experience, and it obviously led to amazing things for me. Now I'm a completely different model, in terms of how much I’ve learned, and I'm always striving to be better with every shoot."  The rest of the characters in the 2019 Pirelli calendar will be played by three other female protagonists including Julia Garner, who plays a botanical photographer who dreams of becoming a well-known portrait photographer.  Prima ballerina Misty Copeland is featured alongside Calvin Royal III who both dream of becoming stars.  Last but not least is French model/actress Laetitia Casta who fantasizes about becoming a world renowned painter.  The official 2019 calendar by Albert Watson will debut later this year in December. 
 From the Hadid's to Normani and Kacey Musgraves, see the red carpet's hottest looks.  Sure, award show season is cool, but have you ever seen the red carpet at one of Rihanna's Savage x Fenty shows? Celebrities and models turned it out for Bad Gal Riri's latest New York Fashion Week show—opting to wear the brand's lingerie on the red carpet ahead of the runway event. Though you sadly won't be able to see the full runway show until it streams on September 20, you can get a sneak peek at all the hottest red carpet looks below.  From the Hadid's to Normani and Kacey Musgraves, see who slayed at Rihanna's lingerie show.  Normani in a tiger-striped Savage x Fenty robe, corset, and over-the-knee boots.  Bella Hadid in an emerald suit and Savage x Fenty lace bralette.  Ashley Graham in a see-through little black dress.  Kacey Musgraves in Savage x Fenty's green tiger striped pajama set and a bra.  Gigi Hadid in a black corset and high-waisted jeans.  Kehlani in a black lace bra and feathered jacket.  Slick Woods in a sheer lime bodysuit and Savage x Fenty lingerie.  Cara Delevingne in a little black dress and matching black bra.  Vanessa Hudgens in a Savage x Fenty black lace bodysuit, satin pants, and a sheer robe.  Luka Sabbat in a red patched jacket and jeans.  Halsey in a purple Savage x Fenty silky pajama set.  Ashley Benson in a little black dress.   Shanina Shaik in black lacy Savage x Fenty lingerie and a blazer.  Paloma Elsesser in a white one-shouldered dress.  Chanel Iman in a yellow suit with a black Savage x Fenty bra underneath.  Halima Aden in a patchwork suit and floppy hat.  Quavo, Offset, and Takeoff of Migos, who are slated to perform at the show, in coordinating looks.  Dascha Polanco in a giant feathered hat and leather trench coat. Emily DiDonato in a sheer turtleneck with a black bra underneath.  Jharrel Jerome in a striped shirt and trackpants.  Hailee Steinfeld in a sheer bodysuit and black trousers. 
 First step: Meet the handbag that’ll take you everywhere. There are no rules when it comes to dressing full-on Gucci: One way may scream of logomania on steroids. Another may be an over-the-top approach that is at equal times artful, modern, and oozing confidence. Sure, wearing head-to-toe anything all day can feel a little impractical. But anything worth trying is going to fall a little outside your comfort zone. We’re betting the five scenarios below will have you feeling glad you did. So in the spirit of BAZAAR's legendary editor-in-chief Diana Vreeland, we’re asking why don’t you…  Take Your Pet Bunny to Lunch with Hands Covered in Sparkling Gems Your fur baby deserves only the finer things in life—including a carrier (AKA, a fabulous handbag big enough for bunny and your essentials) that is equally elegant as it is structural. And you deserve a fabulous outfit—and bag—to take him out. The minute the little prince emerges out of the emerald-green palace that is your bag, he should instantly spot his perfect reflection in the many statement jewels adorning your hands. He’ll sit comfortably, knowing these stones are the second most precious things to grace the lunch table.   If pets are prohibited at your fine establishment of choice, throw on your fiercest animal-print dress and a collar necklace—in stylish solidarity of your furry friend, of course. After all, leopard print and jewels are suitable for any old place.  Strike a Power Pose in the Most Powerful Color of All—Red  Channel a peacock spreading its feathers. A bouquet of flowers is cute, but a room full of matching flora is a visual arsenal. Likewise, one bag is practical, but you’ve got things to do and places to be; hence, two handbags—a medium top handle and mini black version—mean you’re ready for battle. Also, one of anything worth having is never enough. Take a Royal Portrait With Your Zumi Family  What’s loved, cherished, and regal? Your Gucci bag collection of course. They may not all completely look the same: one may be a little more petite and subdued and another bolder in size and style, but they are all multifunctional.  They share a common crest—an interlocking G horsebit—and shared name, inspired by actress Zumi Rosow. So, gather your fanciest chairs and chaise and sit your adopted family around you like you’re the queen of England.  If you have only one Zumi, plop that baby on your lap like she’s an only child. Don’t forget to don your most proper double breasted dress, long white gloves, and add a tiara for good measure. If portrait taking isn't your style, consider a chaise lounge the ideal location to store your bags. They'll be within easy access, always on display, and be more like constant chic companions.  
 Wear Head-to-Toe Prints—Including Your Bag When everyone is donning florals this spring, be a strawberry field in a sea of flowers. You’re unique, so you need a similarly special bag. Pair it with silk coordinates in a similar print for an interesting contrast in textures. Extra points for pink-tinted lips and flush. Game over for strawberry-toned tresses. 
  Practice Your Serve In a Fabulous Outfit (And Use a Chic Bag to Carry Your Balls)  You know what they say: Practice makes perfect. The truly dedicated and glamorous can do it anywhere, anytime. As long as you have your multifunctional carryall, with its detachable strap and double leather handles—in Wimbledon white, of course—you’re aces.    
 The duo presented their second collection together at the Apollo. For their second design collaboration, Zendaya and Tommy Hilfiger brought New York Fashion Week to Harlem's iconic Apollo Theater last night. With an ode to both 1970s fashion and the African-American community, the duo transformed the runway into a block party bash.   Much like their first disco-themed runway starring Grace Jones, the energy of the TommyxZendaya Fall 2019 show was on another level—with live music performances, dancing down the runway, and a full-on block party. The '70s city street-themed set even included two retro convertible cars, which models danced and walked around.    Bringing this energy from #tommyxzendaya into Monday morning 💯 @tommyhilfiger @zendaya @luxurylaw 🎥: ELLE Digital Director @katielcon A post shared by  ELLE Magazine (@elleusa) on Sep 9, 2019 at 5:34am PDT  The diverse casting of models included a range of ages, races, and sizes—with appearances by Halima Aden, Precious Lee, Winnie Harlow, Candice Swanepoel, Ebonee Davis, and a pregnant Ashley Graham.  And though they didn't hit the runway, Bella and Gigi Hadid sat front row in coordinating looks from the collection. As for the collection, Zendaya and Hilfiger stuck to taking inspiration from the late '70s and modernizing it for today. Suits, outerwear, and midi skirts reflective of the era were reimagined in sleek leathers mixed and matched with jewel-tone velvets and pops of snake print.  The fall pieces, which were shown in a see-now, buy-now format, are already available to shop online at tommyhilfiger.com. Prices range from $30 for the lacy undergarments to $1,295 for the tailored leather trench coat—with most items falling in the $100-to-$300 range. Sadly, the collection marks the finale of Zendaya and Hilfiger's design collaboration. The designer reflected on the experience in the show notes left last night. SHOP TOMMYxZENDAYA NOW 
 Start your summer fashion story on the right foot... Shop ensembles that leverage the best summer pieces—from bathing suits to frocks, sunnies and bags—to help you live your poolside dreams. Take note from Victoria Beckham's laid-back two-piece coordinated look and embrace as much pink as possible this summer. Lisa Marie Fernandez blouse, $395 and skirt, $575, lisamariefernandez.com. SHOP Consider a white bag your new neutral. From beachy rattan versions to an inspired bucket bag, this fresh take will instantly update your look. KAYU bag,  $205, kayudesign.com. SHOP CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC bag, $1,695, calvinklein.com. SHOP Cult Gaia bag, $230, net-a-porter.com SHOP Let your statement piece be a standout pair of pink shades this season. Pair with denim, all-white or tan and let the compliments roll in. Illesteva sunglasses, $190, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Krewe sunglasses, $295, krewe.com. SHOP Dolce & Gabbana sunglasses, $720, dolcegabbana.com.  SHOP Sunday Somewhere sunglasses, $290, sundaysomewhere.com. SHOP Raen sunglasses, $150, raen.com. SHOP Megan Markel officially can sell out a great look, hop on board this chic sailor-inspired dress by Altuzarra—which works for the office with a blazer or the weekend on its own. Altuzarra dress, $1995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP The shoe for now is all about a cool summer slide with a Marrakesh mood. Wear it with maxi dresses or cut-offs to keep your look current. Neil J. Rodgers, $395, neiljrodgers.com. SHOP Keep your summer travel game as pulled together as possible with a rattan hatbag that houses your best toppers. A girl must always have sun safety in mind! Ruslan Baginski hat, $160, fwrd.com. SHOP Freya hatbox, $300, thefreyabrand.com SHOP Janessa Leone hat, $310, fwrd.com. SHOP It's all about the little blue dress. Find your silhouette from ruffled and mini to strapless and maxi to off-the-shoulder.  Macgraw dress, $414, farfetch.com.SHOP Maryam Nassir Zadeh dress, $610, farfetch.com. SHOP A Peace Treaty dress, $375, apeacetreaty.com. SHOP There's no denying it—an all white look is foolproof for summer. Make it French-girl cool like Emily Ratajkowski at Coachella, sporty and edgy like Bella Hadid or somewhat sexy like Kim K.   Storets dress, $68, storets.com.SHOP  Tibi jumpsuit, $545, ShopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Merlette dress, $480, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Pinks and reds are just the pretty ticket for a killer beach look. Take your pick of maillots and bikinis. Solid and Striped suit, $170, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Dos Gardenias suit, $288, dosgardenias.com SHOP Karla Coletto suit, $300, net-a-porter.comSHOP Summersalt suit, $95, summersalt.com. SHOP Tori Praver top, $99 and bottom, $75,  toripraverswimwear.com SHOP Don't forget the art of a great mix and match. Buy pieces you love in similar tones and let them take you outfit miles.  Aritzia sweater, $135,aritzia.com. SHOP ADEAM x Intermix Capsule Collection, $635, intermix.com. SHOP Rebecca Taylor top, $225, rebeccataylor.com. SHOP Put your monochrome hat on and have fun with one shade—embracing the impact of a great vibrant hue. Les Georgettes earrings, $79, lesgeorgettes.com. SHOP Borgo De Nor dress, $975, Saks Fifth Avenue stores Stuart Weitzman shoes, $355, stuartweitzman.com.  SHOP Take a dip in a teeny bikini that makes the pool monochromatic. Everything is a photo opp these days... Mikoh 'Bali' top, $112, mikoh.com. SHOP Mikoh 'Zuma' bottoms, $90, mikoh.com. SHOP
 The piece that will transform your closet, and you. Each week on ShopBAZAAR.com, we feature one Hero—an item that deserves your keenest attention—carefully chosen by Harper's Bazaar editors. While basket bags aren’t groundbreaking accessories in the summertime, this circle crossbody from emerging brand, Bembien, is worth the excitement. Former editor turned designer, Yi-Mei Truxes, started her line of handwoven bags after being momentarily transfixed by a woman in a white dress carrying a straw purse in the streets of Manhattan. Committed to capturing that simple and elegantly stylish moment for the everyday, Bembien’s collection is a truly delightful, fashion find—and this hero piece will instantly elevate your look for all the rooftop hangs, beachside excursions and daily commutes to come. Bembien bag, $185, shopbazaar.com SHOP BRIGHT & BOLD Le Specs Lux sunglasses, $119,  shopbazaar.com, Bobbi Brown highlighter, $48, shopbazaar.com, Elizabeth and James necklace, $140, shopbazaar.com, Lele Sadoughi earrings, $225,  shopbazaar.com, Tibi dress, $895, shopbazaar.com, YSL nailpolish, $28, shopbazaar.com, Bembien bag, $185, shopbazaar.com SHOP ON-DUTY Balenciaga shoes, $750, shopbazaar.com, Dior sunglasses, $530,  shopbazaar.com, Givenchy eyeshadow, $26, shopbazaar.com, Lizzie Fortunato earrings, $185, shopbazaar.com,Stella McCartney dress, $1375, shopbazaar.com, Tibi trousers, $450, shopbazaar.com, Bembien bag, $185, shopbazaar.com SHOP TOUCH OF RAINBOW EF Collection earrings, $395, shopbazaar.com, Ganni coat, $340, shopbazaar.com, Giorgio Armani lipgloss, $30, shopbazaar.com, Golden Goose sneakers, $530, shopbazaar.com, Re/Done tee, $95, shopbazaar.com, Rosie Assoulin trousers, $1,295, shopbazaar.com
 Baby animals included. NO ONE IS SAFE.  Harry Styles is back with another Gucci Men's campaign and honestly, I'm not sure any of us were prepared for this level of cuteness today. In fact, I'm not even sure this level of cuteness is legal in most countries, but anyway, I digress.  Marking his second set of ads for the Italian fashion brand, the singer was photographed by Glen Luchford in the historic Villa Lante just outside Rome. The beautiful renaissance garden location, along with Styles' natural penchant for wearing Gucci, could've been enough to carry the campaign on its own, but they went ahead and added a group of baby animals to the mix and wow, my heart grew three times faster than the Grinch's. Proceed ahead with caution.  First up: a photo of Harry and three baby piglets that I'm definitely not at all thinking of making my Christmas card this year:  This little baby goat took advantage of his time with Styles the same way any of us would: Me screaming in the background:  The most important thing to take from this campaign? Find someone who looks at you the way Harry looks at this adorable baby lamb:  Harry Styles in a series of tailored Gucci suits and accessories? Check. Dreamy Italian villa that I'd like to move into? Check. Collection of baby animals that I'd like to cuddle immediately? This may be the world's greatest thirst trap ever executed. Stay safe, folks.   
 Her photoshoot was cut because she "did not fit their market." Nina Agdal has publicly criticized a fashion magazine after it pulled a cover story that she was featured in. The Victoria's Secret model accused the unnamed publication of body shaming, after her agent was sent an email from the magazine, saying that the photoshoot "did not reflect well on [the] talent" and "did not fit their market." Agdal also claimed that the publisher "claimed my look deviated from my portfolio and that I did not fit into the (sample size) samples"—something the model denies.  Today, I’m disappointed and appalled at the still very harsh reality of this industry. A few months ago, I agreed to shoot with a creative team I believed in and was excited to collaborate with. When my agent received an unapologetic email concluding they would not run my cover/story because it “did not reflect well on my talent” and “did not fit their market,” the publisher claimed my look deviated from my portfolio and that I did not fit into the (sample size) samples, which is completely false. If anyone has any interest in me, they know I am not an average model body - I have an athletic build and healthy curves.  After a tough year of taking a step back from the insensitive and unrealistic pressures of this industry and dealing with paralyzing social anxiety, I walked into that shoot as a 25 year old WOMAN feeling more comfortable in my own skin and healthier than ever before. Some days I’m a sample size, some days I’m a size 4, some a 6. I am not built as a runway model and have never been stick thin. Now more than ever, I embrace my curves and work diligently in the gym to stay strong and most of all, sane.  I am proud to say that my body has evolved from when I started this crazy ride as a 16 year old GIRL with unhealthy and insufficient eating habits. So, shame on you and thank you to the publisher for reaffirming how important it is to live your truth and say it out loud, no matter who you are or what size. I decided to release an image to draw awareness and support of an issue that's bigger than just myself and affects so many people not just in the fashion industry, but in general, with the goal of bringing women from all over together in a celebration of our bodies. Let's find ways to build each other up instead of constantly finding ways to tear each other down.  #bodyshaming #bodyimage #selfimage #dietculture #mybodymybusiness A post shared by  Nina Agdal (@ninaagdal) on Jan 12, 2018 at 9:30am PST In a lengthy Instagram post, she expressed her anger and disappointment "at the still very harsh reality of this industry." Agdal said she fluctuates between a size 4 and a size 6. Adgal wrote:  Obviously having the worst time ever x 2 A post shared by  Nina Agdal (@ninaagdal) on Dec 27, 2017 at 3:33pm PST Prior to the shoot, Agdal had taken a year break from "the insensitive and unrealistic pressures of this industry" to deal with her anxiety issues. Her post has attracted over 3,000 mostly supportive comments. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 The designer celebrates 20 years with a Barneys capsule collection All the cliches about cyclical fashion and falling in and out of it are cliches for a reason. So when a designer hits the two decade mark it's not to be overlooked. Narciso Rodriguez is a champion of minimalism, a true New York designer, famed for dressing Michelle Obama and noted in the history books for changing the bridal game forever by designing a simple and beautiful slip dress for his friend, the late Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy. To mark 20-years in business, Narciso Rodriguez will be re-releasing nine archival looks from the span of his career—ranging from Spring 2003-Fall 2013—with Barneys. Below Rodriguez talks about the highlights, the key to longevity—hint: "perseverance and resilience are key,"—and how he picked favorites. "It was a process of delving into the archives combined with rigorous editing," the designer explains, "I ended up choosing personal favorites along with client favorites that were also critically well-received. It was fun, inspiring—and educational." What are three of your most memorable fashion moments from twenty years of having a brand?  When the First Lady, Michelle Obama, wore my dress on Election Night in 2008! I  was completely shocked and honored to be even a small part of such a monumental moment in history. She’s a woman of such strength, intelligence and beauty that I’m still overcome.  Another highlight involved Mrs. Obama six years later when I won the National Design Award; she held a luncheon at the White House to celebrate the Awards and I was so honored. Finally, I consider my close friend Carolyn Bessette Kennedy’s wedding to be a personal highlight.  She was one of the most important people in my life, and to design her dress and be part of her wedding, such a happy time in her life, was also one of the happiest times of my life and one of the most gratifying. Do you think it’s easier or harder now to launch a fashion brand than when you did?    It was so much easier back then because there were not nearly as many brands to compete with and celebrity brands did not even exist.  It was obviously such a different world; the pace was slower and more considered.   Do you have a top red carpet moment?   It was very gratifying when Rachel Weisz accepted her Academy Award in 2006 wearing a dress I’d made for her. It was her big night—and it meant so much to me that to dress someone who I cared so much about on such a joyful occasion.  How do you think you’ve been able to have a consistent aesthetic that your customer responds to for two decades?  Perseverance and resilience are key. I also try to remain true to my vision. The idea is to create ‘go-to’ pieces for a woman’s wardrobe and her life—beautifully-crafted pieces that a woman will love today, in two months, in two years, in five years—and to do that for as many women as possible.    How do you define minimalism?  Minimalism has become such a broad term when it comes to design.   When I try to define my own work I think about pure design, a focus on purity in all aspects of the work; from palette to craft to cut.   Are runway shows still important?  A runway show can be the best way to show your work.  The past few seasons, I’ve preferred a smaller and more intimate setting for the show—there’s nothing like seeing the work up close.  And nothing compares to seeing the way clothing fits on the body and moves with the body.
 The just-launched Loucite line showcases a more playful side of the fine jewelry label. Alison Chemla, creative director and designer of Alison Lou, a fine jewelry brand based in New York City, just happens to be close friends with Insta-famous A-list actress Emily Ratajkowski. So, it seemed only natural for the designer to tap her model pal to star as the face for the label's just-launched collection, Loucite by Alison Lou.  The 12-piece Loucite line is comprised of a full-range of fun and playful enamel-based colorful "jelly" hoops, which are sold in three sizes (small, medium, large). The brand's newest campaign imagery showcases a stunning Ratajkowski in a series of semi-scandalous shots, sporting only a PVC transparent jacket and the Loucite hoops.  LOUcite: my latest endeavor that I am so excited to share with you all. First, I want to thank Emily - these images are beyond what I could have ever imagined. LOUcite is a natural extension of my brand. We worked tirelessly to bring you something fresh and accessible. The Jelly Hoops come in a wide range of colors and sizes. I hope you love them as much as I do! Stock is limited. Happy Shopping ❤️ Alison Very Special Thanks to: @jacqharriet @daniellenachmani @hungvango @teddicranfordhair @brynsmth & most importantly....@alexandratirsch and @mflewin (that’s in no specific order)! A post shared by  ALISON LOU™ (@alisonlou) on Apr 23, 2018 at 6:00am PDT Alison Lou Loucite Small Jelly Hoops, $125, Alison Lou.com. SHOP Chelma said the partnership between Ratajkowski and the Alison Lou jewelry label felt perfect for this fresh and fun collection. “Emily has been a good friend and close to the brand for some time now," the designer explained. "Launching Loucite was really special to me and this felt like the right moment to work together.”  Medium Green Jelly Hoops: Made of Lucite and hand painted Enamel. All of LOUcite is super lightweight- making them your daily go to 💚 A post shared by  ALISON LOU™ (@alisonlou) on Apr 23, 2018 at 2:03pm PDT Of the new collection, Chemla explains it was a long-time in the works, but a natural extension of her brand vision and an effort to bring customers something a bit more accessible. “Loucite is a natural extension of Alison Lou," said Chemla. "It showcases the playfulness at the core of my brand and has allowed me to explore new forms of creative expression. While fine jewelry will always remain my first love, being able to take enamel, something that is ever present in my fine jewelry, and apply it to Lucite was just so fun." “We wanted to create an affordable, accessible collection, using unique materials and were very thoughtful when it came to the colors and sizing of our Loucite Jelly Hoops- the smallest are great for every day, the medium for day-to-night and the largest are perfect for a fun night out," the jewelry designer continued. "We’ve truly created the perfect earring just in time for the warmer months.” The Loucite Jelly Hoops retail from $125 (small) to $165 (large) and are also available in curated sets of three, which are sold for $395. The full collection is now available on the brand's site, and at its flagship location, 20 East 69th Street in New York City. The line will also be available for purchase on Net-A-Porter beginning mid-May. 
 The brand's trademarked chocolate diamonds have been worn by Rihanna, Madonna, Jennifer Lopez, and Taylor Swift. From the red carpet to the aisle, diamonds are—as Marilyn Monroe so aptly put it—a girl's best friend. And with that logic, some of the world's rarest diamonds are bound to attract a VIP best friend base—think Rihanna, Jennifer Lopez, Taylor Swift, Madonna and more.  Le Vian is celebrating 20 years of their signature Chocolate Diamonds, the natural fancy color brown diamonds that are not too dark or light in color that adorned Rihanna's neck at the 2018 Grammy Awards and JLo's ears on the cover of Harper's BAZAAR. The brand first introduced Chocolate Diamonds in 2000, with a "chocolate and vanilla diamond" collection, and has since evolved the look to include their latest ombré creations of chocolate and nude diamonds, which span the spectrum of the stone's shades.  Le Vian's rich history in the fine jewelry world can be traced back to 1746, when the Shah of Iran conquered India, and chose the LeVian family to guard the royal jewels—including the Koh-i-Noor diamond, which is currently housed in the Royal Family's Crown Jewels in the Tower of London. It's no surprise that the LeVian family is now the leading purveyor of one of the rarest diamonds in the world, given their deep understanding of the finest jewels in the world, passed down for multiple generations. No inclusions, superior clarity, natural color, fancy color, and sustainable sourcing are required for a diamond to be considered a Chocolate Diamond, leaving only 4% of the world's brown diamonds to select from. In the past year, no more than 100 Chocolate Diamonds larger than 1.5 carats were found, and given the closure of Australia's Argyle Mine, the leading source of Chocolate Diamonds and pink diamonds in the world, that number is expected to drop significantly, making Rihanna's favorite red carpet pieces that much more rare. Le Vian has celebrated their signature stone in the past with a trademarked in-store chocolate scent, but in celebration of the 20th anniversary of their trademarked stone, the brand is launching a limited-edition capsule collection of Chocolate Diamond rings, available for purchase for a limited time in select stores.  
 The fashion brand takes action following its recent blackface controversy.  Gucci is making changes. The Italian fashion brand announced a new global program and scholarship fund, called Gucci Changemakers, that will promote diversity and inclusion throughout the company with a multi-step action plan. The new initiative comes after the brand received backlash over a balaclava sweater resembling blackface last month.  The program includes three separate tiers: the Gucci Changemakers Fund, a scholarship program, and a company-wide volunteering initiative. All three programs are meant to foster racial diversity in both the company and the fashion industry as a whole. The changes come after Harlem couturier Dapper Dan (who has an ongoing collaboration with the brand) met with Gucci's CEO and President Marco Bizzarri to voice his concerns. "We will invest important resources to unify and strengthen our communities across North America, with a focus on programs that will impact youth and the African-American community," Bizzarri said in a statement from the brand. "I believe in the promise of the next generation, and through our scholarship fund we will also create more opportunities for talented young people of diverse backgrounds to gain access to careers in the fashion industry."  Dan took to Instagram to share progress on Gucci's new initiative yesterday, revealing he's been working closely with the brand to help foster such changes.  A post shared by Dapper Dan (@dapperdanharlem) on Mar 17, 2019 at 1:50pm PDT "As a partner, I am proud to work with Gucci and other community leaders to help guide programs that will create meaningful impact for the Black community and fashion as a whole," Dapper Dan said in a statement from Gucci. "It is imperative that we have a seat at the table to say how we should be represented and reimagined. Through our work together, Gucci is in a position to lead the overall industry toward becoming a better more inclusive one." The first sector of the program, the Gucci Changemakers Fund, is a $5 million fund that will invest in community-based programs, particularly those helping communities of color, in cities across the U.S. The programs will be selected by the Changemakers Council, a board of advisors including Dapper Dan, Bethann Hardison, Cleo Wade, Will.i.am, and more.  The second component to Gucci Changemakers is a scholarship program helping a more diverse talent pool of students pursue careers in fashion. Each student selected will receive a $20,000 grant toward their education over the course of four years.  Finally, a new volunteer initiative will allow Gucci's 18,000 employees across the globe to take up to four paid days off to participate in volunteer work that addresses issues including equality, support for refugees and the homeless, protection of the environment and education. 
 Which street style star has your vote? We're taking note of the many times A-listers wore the same look, and how they made it their own.  in Jean Atelier bodysuit and Jean Atelier denim.  in a k/lab dress.  in Bossa in Valentino in Self-Portrait in Junk Food in Victoria Beckham in Preen in Versace in Balmain in Topshop in Stella McCartney in Solace London pants in Saint Laurent in Solace London in Dior in Balmain in Dior in Balmain in Balmain in Alexandre Vauthier Couture
 After 50 years spent remaking American glamour, Ralph Lauren hasn’t just changed the way we dress—the internationally influential business mogul, iconoclast, and philanthropist has also changed the way we live and dream. When someone hears the word “polo” today, he or she is as likely to think of the brand founded in 1967 by a young man from the Bronx as the millennia-old sport played by the world’s elite for which it was named. For the past 50 years, Ralph Lauren, through his namesake luxury brands, has not only been outfitting us to live our best lives but also defining our view of what that looks like. What might an elegant self-made American man who attains the pinnacle of wealth and leisure wear on a hot summer afternoon? F. Scott Fitzgerald created Gatsby, but Lauren conjured our vision of him in a white linen suit, a version of which the designer himself is wearing on the June day I visit him. Ralph Lauren’s clothes are worn by magnates and movie stars, princesses and prime ministers, aristocrats and Olympians: They are symbols of success, luxury, and achievement that have become indistinguishable from the things themselves. “Ralph Lauren’s vision has defined American style for decades, elevating fashion and culture.” —Oprah Winfrey  The themes that entranced Lauren when he was starting out, and to which he has returned through the years, have become hallmarks: Safari, Cowboy, Military, Hollywood, Art Deco modernism, and Navajo. He refers to them as “standards,” motifs he can riff on over time. “I saw not what we were as Americans, but what we could become,” he tells me. What he became—in addition to an international icon at the helm of a multibilliondollar company—is, above all, a family man, married for 53 years to Ricky, a natural American beauty of the kind that grace his ads and walk his runways, with children and grandchildren; and beautiful homes in New York— in Manhattan, Montauk, and Bedford—Colorado, and Jamaica. What he wanted for himself, he wanted for all of us too. His lifestyle is inseparable from what he offers us through his collections of clothing, furniture, and lifestyle accessories, and the advertising imagery he created to market them. “Everything is part of what I was dreaming for myself,” he says. “I responded to the vibrations in the world I loved—black-and white films, the Kennedys, Sinatra, my first trip to Santa Fe—and I expanded them and fed them back to the world.” “His success is matched only by his humanity.”—Vera Wang How does one designer so inhabit the aesthetic of the American dream? I ask. “I am American culture,” he says simply and directly. “I am an American.” His words echo the famous opening declaration of Saul Bellow’s great American novel, The Adventures of Augie March: “I am an American, Chicago born…I have taught myself, freestyle, and will make the record in my own way.” To make the most of one’s natural gifts and to wing it with all you’ve got are the most American of qualities, and Ralph Lauren is our most American of designers. Lauren’s unwavering consistency to his vision has yielded one of the most powerful and lucid brands ever but is what leaves him prey to criticism. Fashion is a fickle beast beholden to the zeitgeist, but Lauren dreams in absolutes, in classics, in icons: nautical stripes, peacoats, and sailor’s caps fit for a Jean Sebergian American in Paris; a slinky satin number worthy of Dietrich; wide-legged pinstriped trousers conjuring Keaton’s Annie Hall; a high-necked white blouse with a big leather belt suited to Meryl Streep playing Isak Dinesen on the African plain. Lauren believes in the purity of this vision, while most designers are not so devout to their muses. “I feel like my closet is Ralph’s closet...When I played Annie Hall, her look was very Ralph and, of course, very me.”—Diane Keaton It’s this aspirational purity that was celebrated in the 1980s by two Brooklyn gangs that merged under the moniker Lo Lifes (“Lo” being short for Polo). The only requirement for membership was total dedication to dressing head-to-toe in Polo—acquisitions gained through shoplifting. “It wasn’t worn by people who lived in our community,” cofounder Rack-Lo has been quoted as saying. “Polo was made for the rich, Waspy kids; it wasn’t made for urban kids.” “I don’t know why, but they got it,” Lauren says. “They understood the purity of my vision.” Of course they got it. These kids saw the magic of clothes to take them up out of their neighborhood and into a more spectacular life, just as Lauren did as a young man. Today, Lo Life’s embrace of Lauren’s vision is fueling an active vintage market in those pieces as well as in limited reissue product drops by Ralph Lauren from the Polo archives. “Ralph is the holy grail: Whether he’s selling a suit, a paint color, or a hamburger, he is always designing a dream.”—Alexander Wang A successful brand speaks to people wherever they are, not just to a targeted demographic. My 78-year-old father wears a Polo shirt at the country club in Palm Beach because it means one thing in his world, and my 17-year-old son wears ’90s Polo at the skate park on the Lower East Side because it signifies something else. On the day I visit, Lauren shares with me images of the upcoming women’s runway collection, his 88th show, for his 50th-anniversary extravaganza. He shows no signs of slowing down or losing interest; in fact, he is particularly excited by the way this show reinterprets and juxtaposes many of his beloved standards. As with nearly every fashion brand, Ralph Lauren the company has had its share of struggles in the past few years. Lauren and his current CEO have a set of “strategic priorities” that includes digital growth, the reinvigoration of its core business, and targeted expansion. What will be achieved and who will succeed Lauren are unknown. What is known is that the ineffable magic that Ralph Lauren has created, and its presence in our collective consciousness, make his successes over the past five decades the ultimate achievement of American brand-making for, like, well, ever. This article originally appears in the September 2018 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, available on newsstands now. Model: Blanca Padilla; Hair: Serge Normant for Serge Normant Haircare; Makeup: Gucci Westman for Westman Atelier; Manicure: Gina Edwards for Chanel Le Vernis; Production: Nathalie at KrankyProduktions.  
 See the top looks from the season's standout collections. As the Spring 2018 collections unfold in London, check back as we spotlight the best runway looks from the standout collections of the season.
 Who needs a fashion show when you have Kim's social media following? Kim Kardashian isn't just in Tokyo to enjoy a sister trip with Kourtney and Khloé, she's also flaunting her husband Kanye West's newest Yeezy collection. The reality star has been in the Japanese capital for a few days now, but unbeknownst to us, she was sporting Yeezy Season 7 all along. Kim made the official reveal on Twitter this afternoon. "I’m gonna post some Tokyo fashion real quick since it’s 5am and I can’t sleep," she tweeted. "All Yeezy Season 7," she added. The first look was her airport outfit, which consisted of an oversized neutral shearling jacket, a cropped cream quarter zip, grey sweat pants, and snakeskin boots. The second was an all-metallic getup featuring a mini puffer jacket, biker shorts, chunky socks, dad sneakers, and a pink flip phone (yes, really).  so cool A post shared by  Kim Kardashian Snapchat 🍑 (@kimkardashiansnap) on Feb 26, 2018 at 5:14am PST And the third look was a blue body-hugging dress, fanny pack, oversized gray zip-up hoodie, and clunky footwear once again. The shoot was cleverly staged at a souvenir shop called Chicago, just like her newborn. This isn’t Kanye’s first time debuting new designs on his wife, paparazzi-style. They pulled off the same move in December when Kim wore Yeezy Season 6 looks (styled by BAZAAR’s Global Fashion Director, Carine Roitfeld) around Los Angeles. West then used the “candid” photos for the ad campaign, which released last month on social media, starring other celebs and influencers, from Paris Hilton to Kylie Jenner’s best friend Jordyn Woods, and more. After being slammed by the fashion world for hosting unorganized presentations during NYFW, it’s a smart move for West to ditch the runways and instead debut his collections to Kim Kardashian’s massive social media following (she has 58.9 million followers on Twitter and 108 million on Instagram).
 The looks to freshen up your winter wardrobe.  Winter hasn't even officially started yet, but if you're already finding yourself in a cold weather outfit rut, you're not alone. With temperatures dropping and 4 P.M. sunsets, dressing in the cold can feel a bit uninspired at times, no matter how many new coats you bought yourself. So to break you out of your "I have nothing to wear!" morning routine, we're rounding up the best boot outfit formulas to try this season. From knee-high styles paired with midi dresses to winter white colors, consider the below your updated guide on how to wear boots now.  If you're unsure of how to style mid-calf boots, take note from Hailey Baldwin and simply tuck a pair of jeans into them. When worn with a longer coat, it makes for the perfect pairing. Get the look: Yeezy boots, $260, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW  can't take the south outta the girl. in the Billie boot by @thefryecompany ❤ #inmyFRYE A post shared by  alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on Nov 5, 2018 at 5:47am PST We're not over the cowboy boot revival just yet. Style them with a midi skirt and cozy sweater for an unexpectedly cool winter look.  Get the look: Frye boots, $298, thefryecompany.com. SHOP NOW If you can't stop, won't stop wearing all-black, add a pair of snake print boots for an unexpected hint of color and print.  Get the look: Splendid snake print boots, $110, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW  Sometimes you gotta be your own outfit inspo. I find myself wanting to wear this over and over. A post shared by  Chrissy Rutherford (@chrissyford) on Oct 15, 2018 at 12:00pm PDT Tuck a pair of denim jeans into leather knee-high boots for a contrasting look that can be dressed up or down.  Get the look: Saint Laurent boots, $1,746, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW If you're still following that "don't wear white after Labor Day" myth, let a pair of statement white boots change your mind. Style them with a skirt and sweater, jeans, or a boho midi dress.  Get the look: Tibi boots, $497, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW  Walking into Monday like... I got this! A post shared by  Aimee Song (@songofstyle) on Nov 26, 2018 at 6:32am PST This season is all about the knee-high boot. Pair it with a long flowing skirt—bonus points for a little slit that perfectly shows them off.  Get the look: Sam Edelman boots, $149, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW A patent ankle boot is an effortless way to add a little shine to any look. If you really want to go for it, wear them with a pair of matching leather pants à la Elsa Hosk.  Get the look: Topshop boots, $125, topshop.com. SHOP NOW  Wake up, wake up, wake up it's the 1st of tha month To get up, get up, get up so cash your checks and get up #xoq The last look from my @eloquii Sacred Ground collection video 💕 it’s linked in bio if you haven’t caught it yet #andigetdressed #falloutfits #psootd #goldenconfidence 📷 @anna_vivare A post shared by  Kellie Brown (@itsmekellieb) on Nov 1, 2018 at 6:16am PDT Pretty pastels and bright colors don't have to be solely reserved for spring. Brighten up your winter wardrobe with a pair of red booties that are guaranteed to make you stand out. Get the look: Dolce Vita red boots, $150, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW A leopard bootie will never go out of style—especially when worn with a cropped pair of jeans. Gigi balanced out the look with a white turtleneck and shearling coat. Get the look: Karl Lagerfeld boots, $118, lordandtaylor.com. SHOP NOW    Coffee breaks out instead of in, because look at all the beauty around you. #pradasidonie A post shared by  Negin Mirsalehi (@negin_mirsalehi) on Nov 26, 2018 at 7:23am PST A pair of cognac suede boots looks instantly chic when worn with a black leather jacket.  Get the look: Neil J. Rodgers suede boots, $625, neiljdrodgers.com. SHOP NOW A chunky pair of combat boots adds just the right amount of '90s grunge to everything from denim to a mini skirt with black tights.  Get the look: Schutz combat boots, $275, schutz-shoes.com. SHOP NOW  Colorful Morning. Discover the reversible Mabel coat from Mara Hoffmann ✨🌈 Swipe & Tap to shop A post shared by  Gang of Earlybirds (@gang_of_earlybirds) on Dec 10, 2018 at 11:20pm PST Never underestimate the power of a classic ankle bootie—especially when done in white or black. Style the essential with a midi skirt, turtleneck sweater, and coat for the perfect winter outfit. Get the look: Mango boots, $80, mango.com. SHOP NOW Whether you're going for an over-the-knee or knee-high boots, take the look to new heights by styling them with a printed midi dress.   Get the look: Red Valentino boots, $495, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW
 You can't carry anything in it, but you can look like a luxury slice of Swiss cheese.  It's no secret that It bags have been getting weirder and weirder for several seasons now. From Jacquemus' teeny tiny bags that only hold a single AirPod to handbags worn as necklaces and bracelets, designers have been pushing the limits on just how quirky they can go. The latest comes from Off-White's Virgil Abloh, who sent a leather bag filled with giant holes down his Spring 2020 runway.  The perplexing accessory, dubbed the "Meteor" bag, is punctured with three giant holes, including one in the bottom corner. According to the brand, the bag, which can't actually carry any of your belongings, is intentionally "unfunctional." Despite that, it still retails for $1,665.    For its runway debut at Paris Fashion Week, models put their arms through the holes of the bag, as one does. The collection was inspired by a meteor shower, hence the dramatic holes and name of the It bag. If you know anything about science, you know this is exactly the kind of effect a cosmic event has on one's accessories.      Fans of Off-White will notice that the new Meteor bag is simply a holy-er version of the brand's Jitney bag. Earlier this year, the Jitney bag raised eyebrows with its "Cash Inside" instructions, an invitation for people to rob it.  It's clear the trend of Instagram-baiting bags isn't dying down any time soon. Perhaps designers are trying symbolize our need to carry less baggage. But perhaps it's just one big competition to see who can get consumers to spend the most money on a bag that doesn't actually serve a purpose. 
 It's the supermodel's fourth partnership with the designer. It was a family affair at Tommy Hilfiger’s Spring 2018 racing-themed fashion show in Milan on Sunday night, with model siblings Gigi, Bella and Anwar Hadid all walking in the runway event. In an interview before the buzzy show, Hadid described feeling emotional about her fourth and final partnership with the designer. "I walked into Tommy's dressing room this morning, and we both had to kind of not talk about it, because you'd start tearing up," she said, adding that it's the collection she’s most proud of. Titled “Drive,” the show paid tribute to Hilfiger’s love for racing and his partnership with Formula One team Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport. Guests 'grammed race cars, simulators and pit crews complete with power tools before the event got underway with Hadid wearing a THxGH-branded crop top and color-block leather moto pants.  The collection, which the model described as “bold, effortless, and fast,” was a cool mash-up that adhered to the racing theme and incorporated '90s references. Other standouts included a black-and-white checkerboard-print bike short (very Saved By the Bell—in a good way), a logo-patterned windbreaker and a mesh crop top. In addition to the Hadids, Hailey Baldwin, Lucky Blue Smith and Winnie Harlow modeled pieces for an audience that included Ruby Rose and Olivia Palermo, among other boldface names.  Reflecting on the past four seasons, Hilfiger described Hadid as “an amazing talent. She works hard, is humble, relentless, and has a great sense of style."  Items from the show are available now as part of the designer's "see-now, buy now" model. Shop a couple pieces below!    
From: Cosmopolitan US

 The ultimate #TBT. In the early 2000s, you probably collected Victoria's Secret's PINK sweats in various colors and wore them around proudly, with the logo on your behind and the gartered hems either rolled up to your calves or tucked into your UGGs. (We've all been there.) Though versions of the pant have been around for years, the original design hasn't been available since it launched in 2002—but that changes now.  Victoria's Secret is re-releasing its famous PINK sweatpants, and they're only available for today (Thursday, September 21). The collegiate-inspired pieces are currently selling for $40 at select stores across the U.S. Locations If you can't make it today, you'll have a chance to shop an exclusive blinged-out version (pictured above) online at victoriassecret.com/pink on Sunday, September 24 from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. shop  To add to the nostalgia, VS also dug into its archives and shared some throwback campaign photos of Miranda Kerr, Elsa Hosk, Behati Prinsloo, and Candice Swanepoel models modeling the loungewear. Best. #TBT. Ever.
 The 2017 U.S. Open champion returns to Arthur Ashe Stadium for a high-fashion match—against herself. (Before getting real about the art of an epic comeback, of course.) What's going on with Sloane Stephens? That's the question on the mind of anyone keeping up with tennis at the moment.  "My drive comes from my team," the 24-year-old U.S. Open champion, who surprised fans by losing her first match at last week's Australian Open, reveals to  BAZAAR.com. "I have great people around me, always supporting me. I always remember—eventually I’m going to win a match." But for those not familiar with her story, let's quickly rewind: By 2016, the rising tennis star had beaten Venus Williams, challenged Serena, and risen to the ranking of 25 in the world before she was forced to withdraw from that year's U.S. Open due to a foot injury. Stephens was out of commission for 11 months before finally making her return at Wimbeldon in July, 2017—ranked 957. Nine hundred and fifty seven. She lost in straight sets the first round. Then, at the 2017 U.S. Open, with Serena Williams sitting out for maternity leave, all eyes were on the sport's young talents, new names and past champions—and Sloane Stephens did the impossible.  After making it through each round and playing part in a historic all-American women's semi-final, Stephens met her friend, Madison Keys, in the finals. Keys was ranked 15 at the time. Sloane won the championship title in under an hour, and then abandoned her post while the United States Tennis Association (USTA) set up the championship ceremony, in order to comfort Keys as she wept in disappointment. Since then, Sloane has not won a single match. Not one. But she's not fazed by this. "I like to take it practice by practice, match by match, tournament by tournament," she explains. "It’s important to stay focused on the present and not get too caught up on the 'what could be' and the noise around you." In the vein of staying positive, we took Stephens back to the site of her last victory, Arthur Ashe Stadium in the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center, to serve her best shots—along with Spring 2018's boldest looks. Stephens described the visit as surreal: "I’ve only ever seen Arthur Ashe filled with fans. It reminded me that I did actually win the U.S. Open." In main image, above: Dior Spring 2018, Look 77; Alexander McQueen Spring 2018 combat boots. Sloane wears Mary Katrantzou Spring 2018 Look 1; Roger Viver sneakers, $1,325, net-a-porter.com SHOP Sloane wears Versace Spring 2018, Look 36; Manolo Blahnik"Fibiona" mules, $965, neimanmarcus.com SHOP Sloane wears Off White Spring 2018, Look 28; Monique Lhuillier boots, price upon request, moniquelhuillier.com; Jennifer Fisher earrings, $650, jenniferfisherjewelry.com SHOP Sloane wears Rosie Assoulin Spring 2018, Look 25 top.  Sloane wears Zac Posen Spring 2018 Look 45.  Photographs by Jaka Vinsek; Styled by Carrie Goldberg; Video Directed by Anna Jimenez; Cinematography by Rob Dumé; Produced by Kathryn Rice; Makeup by Moani Lee; Hair by Kellon Deryck; Tailor Donna Darnall of Lars Nord Studio; Styling Assistant Stephanie Alexandris; Camera Operator Valerie Schenkman; Gaffer Stephen Ohocinski; Key Grip Steve Carmona; Swing Lauren Paige McCall; Photography Assistant Alex Cohen; Production Assistants Jay LaForest, Whitt Sellers and Colin Wohlrab; Director of Video Graphics Danny Ratcliff; Video Colorist Nick DeGrazia; Graphic Design Perri Tomkiewicz. Special Thanks to Kate Stone, Chris Studley, Arthur Ashe Stadium and the USTA Billie Jean King Tennis Center.
 Former fashion editor Lauren Chan noticed something missing in the industry, so she created it herself. It all began when former fashion editor Lauren Chan couldn't find anything to wear to work. "While my colleagues were often in designer clothes, I mostly wore fast-fashion because that’s all that fit me," she says." I didn’t look as put-together and as capable as those colleagues, and I grew sick of the disadvantage I faced because of my size." Chan decided it was time to start her own brand, focusing on luxury, tailored workwear for plus-size women. At a private presentation at Showfields during New York Fashion Week, she debuted Henning, a line of power suits, well-constructed trousers, and button-down shirts that didn't pop open at the buttons. "Henning’s message is to tell women like me that they deserve to be on the same level as everyone else," Chan explains.   @henning launched yesterday! The site is alive (henningnyc.com)! The @instagram @shop is open! More photos to come, but for now this @maceyhall shot is all I can muster. 🖤 A post shared by  LAUREN CHAN (@lcchan) on Sep 4, 2019 at 6:48am PDT  The debut collection for Henning delivers a level of detailing and luxury that plus-size customers aren't typically offered. There are double-breasted suits and trench jackets that provide the backbone of the classic work wardrobe, but there's also a blue satin suit and dress that adds some playfulness and a splash of color to the mix.   Most importantly, Chan included additional design elements that are often overlooked in the plus-size market. The inner thigh of the trousers is reinforced with a gel tape to help prevent ripping along the seam from thigh chafing. The pants also feature a hidden elastic waist that provides more room without looking cheap. And as women with full chests know, finding a button-down that doesn't gape at the buttons is nearly impossible, so Chan added hidden buttons to make sure the shirt doesn't pull open at the bust.   The collection is currently available in sizes 12-24, but Chan is aiming to make it more personal in the future. "I hope to explore custom sizing as soon as possible. I want Henning to help eliminate clothes that don’t fit—and the feeling that comes with clothes that do. Women above size 12 deserve to focus on kicking ass in whatever they do, not in too-tight pants."  As Henning's Instagram points out, 68 percent of American women wear a size 14 or above, but plus-size clothing makes up only 2.3 percent of the selection at major retailers. When you look at the runways of New York Fashion Week, that percentage gets even smaller. For Henning, the stats are a chance to school other brands in what they should be doing. Chan is just getting started.
 You can shop an early release of the collection this Saturday!  This year's H&M designer collaboration is sure to bring the tulle. The fast-fashion retailer is teaming up with couturier Giambattista Valli for its annual high-low offering, which means we can expect a lot of dreamy, frothy, princess-worthy pieces from this capsule. Unlike H&M's previous designer collabs that were released in the fall, the Valli capsule will have an early "pre-drop" on May 25 with nine looks in select stores and online. The entire range will launch on November 7.  If this collection is anything like its predecessors, it's sure to sell out instantly.    Creative, cool and couture-like. Welcome to the exciting world of the Paris-based master of beauty and sophistication. @giambattistavalliparis is this year’s designer collaboration! @hm #Project🖤 On 25 May, we will release a pre-drop from @giambattistavalliparis x @hm with a limited edition of nine looks, as well as a few accessories, in selected stores and online. The main collection will launch on 7 November 2019. #giambattistavalli A post shared by  H&M (@hm) on May 23, 2019 at 10:16am PDT Kendall Jenner already wore a gown from the collection at the amfAR gala in Cannes today. She even posed with the designer as she made her entrance in a hot pink layered frock.  Other stars also attended the fête in various Giambattista Valli x H&M ensembles, including H.E.R., Chiara Ferragni, Bianca Brandolini, Chris Lee, and Ross Lynch. They were all wearing limited-edition looks from the upcoming pre-drop release.  Valli was born in Rome but his eponymous brand, which he launched in 2005, is based in Paris. He moved to the French capital "because I was dreaming of building up a proper haute couture maison," he says in a video promoting the H&M collaboration.  "Couture is the art of making beautiful fabrics and experimenting," he adds. "It's the freedom of bringing like, a dream into a reality. I'm totally excited to see what's going to happen with this collaboration and all the love stories that are going to start around the world."  His imprint may best be known by decadent layers of tulle (often pink), an extravagant romantic flair, and big, billowy silhouettes.   H&M is "thrilled" to collaborate with the designer, the company's creative advisor, Ann-Sofie Johansson, said in a press release. "He is the undisputed master of haute couture with a knack for the memorable silhouette. To be able to bring his signature styles to our customers is a dream come true." Valli is the latest major designer to team up with the retailer, following brands Moschino, Erdem, Kenzo, Balmain, and Alexander Wang.    We've seen a number of stellar Giambattista numbers on the red carpet in recent years, including this month's camp-themed Met Gala. Emma Roberts, Lily Collins, and Lana Condor all wore lavish gowns by the designer.   Rihanna has also proven to be a fan of the brand, famously wearing some of its pink designs to the 2015 Grammy Awards and during her 2017 Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets film press tour.    In recent months, other standout Valli moments include Jennifer Lopez at the Second Act premiere, Kacey Musgraves at the 2019 Oscars, and Deepika Padukone at Cannes Film Festival.  We can't wait to get our hands on these fluffy, fanciful pieces. While you wait for the H&M drop, here are some Giambattista Valli pieces you can shop in the meantime.  

 Under the Eiffel Tower, no less.  To close out Day 2 of Paris Fashion Week, Saint Laurent echoed last season by holding its runway show underneath a sparkling Eiffel Tower. But this time, the fashion house one-upped itself by having its lineup of models walk on water—literally.  Saint Laurent's Spring 2019 show took place after sunset, with the water-filled runway brightened by white electric palm trees. Although the star-studded front row—filled with everyone from Kate Moss and Cindy Crawford to Salma Hayek and a surprise appearance by Lindsay Lohan—it was the picturesque runway that really stole the show.  Stiletto heels and all, models glided across the water-submerged runway in the brand's Spring/Summer 2019 collection, which included a whopping 95 looks. Literally walking on water at Saint Laurent pic.twitter.com/qnT6NfyqPi Designers ruining a lot of perfectly good shoes with these water effects this season! @YSL #pfw pic.twitter.com/pBPUXg52l0 It's unclear whether any Saint Laurent shoes were actually ruined for this photo op, but between the whole walking-on-water thing and the Eiffel Tower backdrop, the scene couldn't have been more breathtaking.  If you've seen Crazy Rich Asians, however, this runway setup may look a bit familiar to you. The film's incredibly over-the-top wedding scene similarly featured the bride walking down an aisle flowing with water.  Perhaps one of 2018's hottest film inspired Saint Laurent designer Anthony Vaccarello while prepping for the presentation? While no extravagant wedding gowns appeared in the show's lineup, there were plenty of glitzy mini dresses and sheer looks for the Saint Laurent party girl to choose. 
 The throwback looks that still work today.  We all know that when it comes to fashion and trends, what goes around comes around. The good news is that if you're in need of summer style inspo and your Instagram feed simply isn't cutting it, you can look back to the ladies who wore your favorite summer looks first. From the '20s to the early aughts, get inspired by these throwback looks and trends that still work for summer 2019. When in doubt, high-waisted shorts and a tank top or one-piece are always an effortless go-to for summer, as perfected in the summers of the '20s.  Wear them as a swimsuit cover-up or with a bodysuit on your summer weekends.   The duster jacket may be a street-style favorite, but take note from the ladies of the '20s and try it as a swimsuit cover-up too.  Wear it in the summer with your favorite swimsuit and then again in the fall layered over a T-shirt and jeans.  The women of the '30s counted on floral and bold print dresses to stand out during a time of fashion cutbacks due to the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl. The same remains true today: If you're sticking to a budget this season, go for an item that stands out in color and pattern.  The perfect printed midi dress to wear from work to the weekend.  From day to night to the beach, a pair of wide-leg pants is the perfect base for any summer look.  Available in chambray or khaki, these high-waisted, wide-leg pants are flattering with a blazer and tank for the office, or a bodysuit on the weekend.  The high-waisted bikini reigns as one of summer 2019's hottest swim trends. Take note from Betty Grable's beach style and opt for a bright color.   A bright shade of orange goes perfectly with a sun-kissed glow. Shop the matching bikini top here.  Channel the early '40s by tying the ends of your button-down into a knot and pairing with a fun pair of printed shorts.  Roll up the sleeves and wear this as a top or a swimsuit cover-up.  Dior's 1947 New Look complete with a full skirt lent for a perfect summer silhouette that still feels glamorous to this day.  A full maxi skirt that'll look best with a white crop top, bikini top, or bodysuit.  The '50s-favored sweetheart neckline looks best with a fit-and-flair dress that cinches your waist à la Sophia Loren.  Get the '50s look with one of Reformation's printed sweetheart-neckline dresses.  Cat-eye sunglasses + a scarf tied as a headband = the perfect accessory equation for a beach moment on level with Grace Kelly in To Catch a Thief. Try the look in summer's animal-print trend. Wear it as a headband, bandana, or neck scarf all season long.   Take the full circle skirt out of the 1950s housewife's kitchen and onto the beach by pairing it with a strapless bikini top and flat sandals. Pair it with a bikini top and you've got an instant beach LEWK.  Opt for a crochet minidress that looks ready for any summer occasion and hope to look half as cool as Twiggy.  A vacation-ready crochet midi dress for all your warm-weather getaways.  Work a pop of color into your look in the form of a miniskirt that still packs as much punch as it did in the '60s.  Heron Preston's colorful denim skirt is a way to modernize the look for 2019.  Channel your inner Brigitte Bardot by the beach or the pool in a wide-brimmed hat, triangle bikini, and classic sarong.  Create your own shade with Cuyana's chic wide-brim hat. Who needs the naked dress when you can have the naked bathing suit? Bo Derek's Bond girl beach moment is timeless for summer; get your nude one-piece ready.  Candice Swanepoel's swimwear line offers a minimal (and sustainable) one-piece in several different shades to get the look.  Off-the-shoulder dresses still remain a summertime wardrobe staple. If you want to go full-on '70s, pair the look with a pair of platform sandals.  An eco-conscious piece that brings a little texture and pattern to your summer wardrobe. 
 After her divorce, it took on another meaning. Princess Diana's style remains inimitable to this day, and that's why so many designers wanted to dress her throughout her life.  But according to a new report, following her divorce from Prince Charles, Princess Diana no longer wanted to wear items featuring the Chanel logo for a heartbreaking, but totally understandable, reason. In a new interview with Harper's BAZAAR Australia, the Australian designer Jayson Brundson discusses working with Diana in 1996, during her final visit to Australia for a charity event. Brundson told the publication: But when it came to accessorizing Diana's outfit, Brundson recalls her decision not to wear Chanel shoes: Princess Diana's divorce from Prince Charles was finalized in August 1996. But throughout their marriage, Camilla Parker Bowles was always present. In fact, before Princess Diana's separation from Prince Charles was announced, tapes of romantic phone calls between Camilla and Charles were leaked, leading to rumors of infidelity.  In a TV interview in 1994, Prince Charles admitted that he'd committed adultery while still married, but he claimed it happened only after "it became clear that the marriage had irretrievably broken down."
 And she says it will channel the '80s. In 1981, Princess Diana married Prince Charles in a very epic, very '80s dress.  The iconic gown was designed by Elizabeth Emanuel and her then-husband David Emanuel. Now, Elizabeth Emanuel is gearing up to launch a new fashion label called Emanuel Mayfair, according to People.  The designer says the new line will be inspired by the energy of the '80s.  "It will have the spirit of Emanuel from the days when we made dresses some of the most of the most iconic women of the time like Elizabeth Taylor, Carolina Herrera and Joan Collins, but is taking it into the present," she told People. "That whole period of time was wonderful but this will capture that but will also look contemporary and edgy. I’m bringing back the spirit in a new form after all these years. We will concentrate on bridal wear and evening wear—things to get dressed up in, pieces that are handcrafted and made to order." The first collection from Emanuel Mayfair is expected to debut in July or September. 
 The actress helped 11 Honoré make a memorable New York Fashion Week debut.  It's time for another season of New York Fashion Week and to start things off on a high note, Laverne Cox delivered one of the most extra and epic runway walks of all time. The actress served as the grand finale to 11 Honoré's runway show debut last night and grand it was.    Cox gave us twirls, sashays, hair flips, and dramatic poses up and down the entire length of the runway. The instantly iconic walk was then followed by a storm of silver confetti falling from the ceiling.   Now this is how you close a fashion show! @11honore set the bar high for the kickoff of #NYFW. @lavernecox in @zacposen A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Feb 6, 2019 at 3:59pm PST SHOP 11 HONORÉ NOW   WOW! Bravo to @11honore for a fabulous show featuring a parade of body positivity, diversity & fabulous fashion including @lavernecox in the finale. A post shared by  Mickey Boardman (@askmrmickey) on Feb 6, 2019 at 4:32pm PST  It was the cherry on top of an already stunning show that celebrated size inclusivity and diversity. And it was the first for 11 Honoré, a luxury e-commerce site that offers designer fashion to women sizes 10 and up. At a time when many high fashion brands only offer up to a size 10 or 12, 11 Honoré is looking to disrupt the market by better serving an entire market of women.   The site tapped celebrity stylist Elizabeth Stewart to style the show, which featured designs from brands like Zac Posen and Prabal Gurung. Along with Laverne Cox, a lineup of diverse models including Candice Huffine and Precious Lee walked the runway.  Huffine, who has been working with 11 Honoré since its start, had the honors of opening the show in all white. "A show like this is a game changer and a hope creator and I think the energy it will bring to this week will change the landscape of fashion forever," she told BAZAAR.com.   I’M EMOTIONAL. @11honore at #nyfw. Feels so good to see all these gorgeous humans sharing a runway. Omg. I was not expecting to tear up at this — fashion still has a LONG way to go, but I feel so hopeful and so excited to see these changes and to be part of this conversation. A post shared by  nicolette mason (@nicolettemason) on Feb 6, 2019 at 4:02pm PST
 "Don't ask if your dreams are crazy. Ask if they're crazy enough." Nike has unveiled a new video starring Colin Kaepernick for its "Just Do It" ad campaign honoring its 30th anniversary—and it'll reportedly play at the NFL season opener tomorrow. The two-minute video features the former NFL quarterback highlighting inspiring athletes, including superstars like LeBron James and Serena Williams and players who've overcome great adversity, like Alphonso Davies, a 17-year-old former refugee-turned-soccer star, and Shaquem Griffin, a one-handed linebacker who was just drafted to the Seattle Seahawks.  “If people say your dreams are crazy, if they laugh at what you think you can do, good. Stay that way. Because what nonbelievers fail to understand is that calling a dream crazy is not an insult; it’s a compliment," Kaepernick who has had a Nike deal since 2011, narrates over the montage.  "So don't ask if your dreams are crazy," he says at the end of the commercial. "Ask if they're crazy enough." The video arrives two days after Nike debuted a photo advertisement starring Kaepernick with the words: "Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything," alluding to his peaceful protests against police brutality and racial injustice where he knelt during the national anthem at his games.   Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything. #JustDoIt A post shared by  colin kaepernick (@kaepernick7) on Sep 3, 2018 at 12:20pm PDT The black-and-white imagery garnered divided responses on social media. While many praised the campaign, some conservatives responded by destroying their Nike gear or calling for a boycott on the brand. Despite the backlash, Nike shares are still "up a bit" as of Wednesday, after falling 3 percent the day before, Bloomberg reports. The sportswear giant is still up about 28 percent this year. Kaepernick has not played for an NFL team since 2016, but you might still see him on TV during the upcoming season opener. ESPN reports that Nike's new ad will air when the Atlanta Falcons play the Philadelphia Eagles on Thursday night.   Nike is the official supplier of NFL uniforms until 2018, Washington Post reports.
 This will mark her third time gracing the VS runway. As models started revealing that they were cast in this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, Gigi Hadid kept quiet, leaving some fans wondering whether the It girl would appear on the VS catwalk at all. But it seems the 22-year-old wasn't rejected from the lineup; she was just keeping her casting a secret. The model was seen entering Victoria's Secret's NYC offices on Monday for her fitting. (VS models have been going in for fittings since the weekend, and will continue to until Wednesday week.) Not long after the paparazzi pictures surfaced and fans started congratulating her on social media, Hadid confirmed the rumors herself on Instagram. She broke the news with a cute boomerang of her trying on her strappy black look from last year's fitting.  Forever and ever and ever a dream come true to be asked back to the VS Show !!! 🙌🏼 Thank you my friends @ed_razek @10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer @monica.mitro for another unforgettable opportunity; every aspect makes me feel like a dreaming kid again 🕊🕊🖤 (as shown here at last year's fitting, by @jeromeduran)! ☁️ @victoriassecret #VSFS2017 A post shared by  Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Aug 28, 2017 at 12:05pm PDT She wrote in her caption: Gigi's announcement comes just two days after her sister Bella also confirmed she'll be returning for this year's VS fashion show as well.  @victoriassecret I am so excited!..!!!!Thank you @monica.mitro @10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer and of course the wonderful, incredible @ed_razek + everyone on the team for making this dream come true again.. I feel so crazy humbled to get the opportunity to be a part of this show again...Walking into the offices this year i felt so happy, healthy, and honored.. I can't wait for another incredible experience!!! Congrats to all of the beautiful ladies I will be walking beside. I can't wait! Xx 💕🌸 A post shared by  Libragrl999🦋 (@bellahadid) on Aug 26, 2017 at 4:32pm PDT We can't wait to see these two reunite on the runway.
 Tyler Joe captures the chicest looks outside the shows.
 Don’t let outfit planning kill your holiday high. Your packing list, right this way.  You've chosen a locale and booked your ticket, but between now and paradise is the packing process. Dressing for fun in the sun? That's easy enough. But when you factor in outfits for an al fresco dinner, a stroll through the city center, and a drink (or two) at the local bar, things become a little more overwhelming. Your options: Sit there indecisively overlooking a mound of clothes, or follow this vacation style guide (packed with on-trend pieces curated by Macy's The Edit) and thrive at the beach, pool, or wherever else you end up. Plus, you'll have plenty of quality Instagram vacation content.  What to Wear: To the Beach While a bathing suit is typically an essential part of any beach ensemble, you can leave the bikini at home if you're not planning to lay out or swim. Instead, let your accessories steal the spotlight. A lightweight hat adds instant impact to any look, while protecting you from UV rays. Pair the oversize brim with a body-hugging crop top and a high-waisted midi-skirt for a look that'll make you stand out in sea of swimsuit sameness.   INC skirt, $80 Shop Now Nine West hat, $36  SHOP NOW California Waves top, $20 Shop Now What to Wear: For a Pool Party Cover-ups are child’s play. To make a real splash, pair a printed one-piece with high-waisted trousers that crop just at the ankle. You won’t be swimming in sweat so long as you keep it airy with lightweight white pants (these come with a Hamptons-friendly feel). Just don’t forget a structured wicker bag, the unofficial token of a fashion-forward vacay.  INC bucket bag, $50 Shop Now La Blanca swimsuit, $120 Shop Now BCBGMaxAzria pants, $137 Shop Now Steve Madden shoes, $80 Shop Now Ray-Ban sunglasses, $175 Shop Now What to Wear: To the Market Whether you're shopping in the city or visiting a small, local market, you want to be practical, comfortable, and appropriately chic. A sleeved maxi dress is as utilitarian as they come. That said, it’s not your style to blend in too much. Opt for a tie-dye iteration in a vibrant hue for an eye-catching ensemble. Pair it with leather strapped sandals, and let yourself wander from your travel companions. Don't worry; they’ll find you.   INC dress, $100 Shop Now Donald Pliner sandals, $135 Shop Now What to Wear: To Get Cocktails The nighttime look can get quite complicated, but you’re on vacation—leave any wardrobe worries at home and keep it simple with a silky wrap dress. It’s equal parts sexy and sophisticated, and most importantly, it’s easy and barely takes up any luggage space. Dress it down with comfortable sneakers or up with dainty jewelry and wrap-around sandals.  INC trench coat, $80 Shop Now Steve Madden sandals, $110 Shop Now INC earrings, $10 Shop Now What to Wear: For the 'Gram If it wasn't posted on Instagram, did your vacation even happen? Sure, a new experience and fresh surroundings may call for a digital detox, but first, a really great outfit must be shared.  Boost likes with a sophisticated, floral-print set. A sliver of exposed skin between a bustier-style crop top and its matching high-waisted body-con skirt provides a subtle allure, especially when worn in front of the prerequisite white wall or infinity pool. Angular sunglasses and an oversize hat complete the picture.  BCBGMaxAzria Top, $140 Shop Now BCBGMaxAzria skirt, $160 Shop Now INC sandals, $70 Shop Now Ray-Ban sunglasses, $163 Shop Now What to Wear: Out to Dinner There are two very specific instances where a white dress really shines: on your wedding day, and on vacation. The color exudes a carefree, fresh feel that complements just about any scenic locale, whether it be a Mediterranean backdrop, the deck of a yacht, or a candlelit dinner.  The trick to bringing this very simple piece to life lives in textures: Fringe trim, knit patterns, sheer layers, or, ideally, some sort of combo elevate the look without losing its effortless vibe. Wear it with color-blocked sandals—and a sun-kissed glow—for a minimalist but powerful effect.  INC dress, $120 Shop Now INC earrings, $12 Shop Now Nine West heels, $70 Shop Now
 The 60-year-old actress and founder of clean fragrance line Henry Rose exudes effortless cool.  My personal style is old hippie meets classic design. The designers I wear most combine the two in varying degrees. I adore a woman in a great suit. In my closet, I have suits from Saint Laurent and Alexander McQueen, and a new white Armani that I love! I have quite a selection of Birkenstocks. I also wear boots all summer long, like Stevie Nicks. My favorite accessory is hoop earrings. I’ve worn them since I was 12 years old. The biggest splurge in my wardrobe is a Brunello Cucinelli coat. It’s very extravagant but so timeless, and I’ll wear it forever. I founded Henry Rose because I wanted to create a line of fine fragrances that didn’t compromise quality for safety. My interest in “clean beauty” started when I became a new mother. Prior to that I always assumed that if a product was on our shelves it must be regulated. It seems common sense, that ingredients should be proven safe before they go onto our skin. Eventually I found the [nonprofit] Environmental Working Group’s cosmetic database, Skin Deep, which grades beauty products based on transparency, manufacturing practices, and quality of ingredients. (I’m now an EWG board member.) As I researched items, the ingredient “fragrance” would pop up over and over again, and the EWG would always give it a negative score. I started looking for fragrance free products and actually stopped wearing perfume for 10 years because of it. My collection is both EWG Verified and Cradle to Cradle Certified, so it’s fully vetted—I wanted to raise the bar.  As we were formulating the perfumes, the smells kept bringing me back to my childhood memories involving scent. Without realizing it at the time, I was trying to capture my father’s cologne in the first fragrance, Torn. It’s also the one that’s geared toward my taste. Another beauty essential is my Beautycounter concealer pen. I always have one on me.  I just started Michelle Obama’s book. I’m also reading 21 Lessons for the 21st Century, by Yuval Noah Harari. My bucket list includes a visit to the Blue Zones. I’d like to take a one-month break from all electronics. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR This article originally appears in the May 2019 issue, available on newsstands now. 
 Lauren became the first American fashion designer to receive the prestigious honor.  Making history, Ralph Lauren became the first American designer to receive an Honorary Knighthood of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (KBE) for his services to fashion today. The designer was presented the honor by Prince Charles in a private ceremony at Buckingham Palace.  Mr. Lauren joins the ranks of other notable Americans, including former Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, and George H.W. Bush, Angelina Jolie, Steven Spielberg, Bill and Melinda Gates, in receiving the prestigious KBE. Just last month, BAZAAR's editor-in-chief Glenda Bailey was also presented with the accolade.  The news of Lauren's knighthood first broke in November 2018, following a milestone year for the designer who celebrated the 50th anniversary of his eponymous fashion brand with a star-studded runway show and bash.  
 Along with his five-decade career in fashion (in which he has dressed royals including Princess Diana, Kate Middleton, and Meghan Markle), Lauren has also made strides with his philanthropic work both in the U.S. and the U.K.  For years, the Ralph Lauren Corporation has worked towards helping cancer patients and funding cancer research by establishing the NinaHyde Center for Breast Cancer Research at Georgetown Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center and the Ralph Lauren Center for Cancer Care in Harlem, New York. In London, the fashion brand helped fund The Ralph Lauren Centre for Breast Cancer Research, which opened at The Royal Marsden in 2016.  This is just the latest in the designer's long list of accolades. Previously, he's won CFDA Awards for Womenswear and Menswear Designer of the Year, Retailer of the Year, the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award, and the CFDA’s first-ever American Fashion Legend Award. Across the pond, he's been recognized for his Outstanding Achievement by the British Fashion Council at the British Fashion Awards.
 Proceeds from the sexy workout-infused calendar go to a good cause.  Helping us all stick to our inevitable New Years Resolution of working out more, CR Fashion Book is debuting its first ever calendar of all your favorite models hitting the gym for 2018.  The ultra-sexy fitness-infused calendar, dubbed "CR GIRLS 2018," features Gigi Hadid, Joan Smalls, Grace Elizabeth, Hailey Clauson, Paris Jackson, Hoyeon Jung, Binx Walton, Eniko Mihalik, Hannah Ferguson, Joelle Lombardi, Danielle Herrington, Halima Aden and Candice Swanepoel working out at Technogym. Photographed by Steven Klein, each month's photo celebrates strong and sexy women hitting the gym in lingerie and high fashion, as one does.  "Throughout my career, I have championed diversity of both race and body type. This casting includes both iconic supermodels and fresh faces in a modern representation of beauty and body. It's about the multiplicity of woman in the year 2018," Carine Roitfeld said on directing CR Fashion Book's first calendar.  Models showcasing their strengths seems to be an ongoing theme for the end of year, as Love Magazine's current advent calendar video series also features models completing various workouts. Standing out from the pack, however, the CR Girls 2018 calendar has a charitable component to it and will be donating all proceeds from sales to the Special Olympics.  The idea for teaming up with the non-profit organization came from Roitfeld herself, who was inspired by her visually impaired personal trainer. "I am in awe of any person who devotes their mind and body to athletics, but especially those with disabilities. This is the definition of courage. I am pleased the proceeds of this calendar support the Special Olympics—an organization I greatly respect—and to promote the visibility of its efforts,” Roitfeld said in a statement. A sexy calendar for a good cause? Count us in. Take a sneak peek at some of the images below. Grace Elizabeth stars as January 2018: Joan Smalls stars as February 2018: Hailey Clauson as March 2018: See and purchase the full CR Girls 2018 calendar now at crfashionbook.com. 
 The street style star teamed up with Westward Leaning for a line of sunglasses that gives back. Ultra tiny, '90s-inspired frames have been the It sunglasses of choice for quite some time now. But good news for those ready to move on from The Matrix remake: oversized (or actually, just normal-sized) sunglasses are climbing their way back to the top. And just in time, Olivia Palermo has a new collection of the perfect-sized frames you'll want to turn to next.  The street style star, who's always mastered the art of a good pair of sunnies, teamed up with Westward Leaning to design a collection of her own. Marking her third collaboration with the brand, Palermo's latest design project features 13 pairs of sunglasses that range from classic all-black styles to bold color palettes.  While attending New York and Paris Fashion Weeks, Palermo debuted some of the new frames with her street style looks. Amongst the collection, a pair of bold navy blue and white glasses, which she matched to a patchwork suede jacket, stood out from the pack. All of the styles range from $235-$285.  Much like all of Westward Leaning's design collaborations, the Olivia Palermo collection will donate a portion of proceeds to a charity cause. Palermo selected Dress for Success, a non-profit organization that provides professional attire and resources to low-income women around the world. Ten percent of profits from the Olivia Palermo x Westward Leaning collection will be donated to the cause. 
 The chicest way to style a bump now... The summer is an especially trying time to hit the road with an extra passenger, but embrace your bump and shop the maternity pieces that add ease and a nice dose of chic. Get inspired by the girls who wear it well and shop the looks.  Chriselle Lim is on her second round of maternity style so consider her a pro. The trick here is a fitted dress that doesn't shy from a playful print.  Shop the look: Asos dress, $20, asos.com. SHOP NOW Bonnie Strange always had fun with her baby bump—but the lesson here is to get a great black one piece you can wear all summer and then accessorize it how you see fit.  Shop the look: Gap bathing suit, $70, gap.com. SHOP NOW While it can seem overwhelming to invest in a lot of maternity clothes, be on the lookout for find great pieces with a little extra fabric that will serve you equally well sans bump. Shop the look: Doen dress, $305, shopdoen.com. SHOP NOW A great lightweight, oversized knit is just the thing you're going to want to wear in all those blasting AC's. Don't be afraid to try a little color. Shop the look: Seraphine sweater, $66, seraphine.com. SHOP NOW A sleeveless shirt dress is not only chic and airy, but it can be worn to work, the beach, over trousers—in other words, it's worth it's weight in versatility. Shop the look: My General Store caftan, $280, mygeneral-store.com. SHOP NOW There's no two ways about it, overalls are the best thing to happen to a pregnant bod—they're cute and comfortable and leave room to grow. Shop the look: Hatch overalls, $278, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW You've never had a better excuse to wear your pajamas all day and all night. Embrace it with some great ones. Shop the look: Cosabella pajamas, $155, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW It's the summer, when all else fails, embrace the bump and go a la natural. You do not need to be a VS Angel to pull this one off, all pregnant mom bods are beautiful. 
 Millennial pink is just the beginning.  Who said Christmas is all about red and green? Pink is certainly the color to be seen in this year and we dare you not become addicted. Shop our favorite pink-hued products to get, gift, and play with this holiday.  Mignonne Gavigan earrings, $175, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Dior Miss Dior perfume, $124, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Dom Perignon Rosé, $350, wine.com BUY NOW Bottega Veneta clutch, $1,580, netaporter.com BUY NOW Balenciaga boots, $995, barneys.com  BUY NOW Tom Ford lipstick in playgirl, $54, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Rimowa luggage, $495, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Stella McCartney blazer, $1,215, shopbazaar.com BUY NOW Charlotte Simone scarf, $250, shop.harpersbazaar.com BUY NOW Olivia Kane root chakra ring, $323, oliviakane.co BUY NOW Dyson hair dryer, $399, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Valentino 'Donna' body cream, $85, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Eugenia Kim fedora, $425, barneys.com BUY NOW Black Halo dress, $390, farfetch.com BUY NOW Balenciaga pumps, $2,850, barneys.com BUY NOW REDValentino dress, $475, netaporter.com BUY NOW Chanel polish in coralium, $28, nordstrom.com Charlotte Olympia sandals, $655, netaporter.com BUY NOW Miu Miu clutch, $430, farfetch.com BUY NOW Off-White socks, $123, shop.harpers.bazaar.com BUY NOW NuFACE Trinity Facial Toning Device, $325, sephora.com BUY NOW Jimmy Choo sandals, $750, netaporter.com BUY NOW Staud top, $195, netaporter.com BUY NOW Kitchen Aid stand mixer, $269, amazon.com BUY NOW Jimmy Choo bag, $2,595, farfetch.com BUY NOW Oliver Peoples The Row sunglasses, $460, barneys.com BUY NOW Sies Marjan loafers, $590, barneys.com BUY NOW Raey dress, $758, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Dior Couture lipstick in Miss, $35, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Pietro Nolita, New York City BOOK NOW
 The move is sure to polarize fans of the fashion house.  Earlier this year it was announced that Hedi Slimane would be succeeding Phoebe Philo as the creative director of Céline, and it's clear that some major changes are afoot at the fashion house. Following in the footsteps of celebrities like Taylor Swift and Blake Lively, Céline deleted its entire Instagram account this weekend to reveal its new logo. Now that Slimane has taken over as the brand's artistic, creative, and image director, Céline is heading in a new direction, and its starting with that inimitable name. Most notably, the new Céline under Slimane comes with one key difference—the accent on the é has been erased, making the brand simply Celine.    In many ways, the loss of Céline's accent is akin to the rebrand that Slimane instigated at Yves Saint Laurent, changing the fashion house's name to simply Saint Laurent. It appears as though Slimane is keen to create a cleaner and simpler aesthetic with his rebranded Celine, which is likely to polarize fans.  As Celine's Instagram account announces (translated from the French), "The accent on the 'e' has been removed to enable a simplified and more balanced proportion, evoking the Celine collections of the 1960s where the accent wasn't used often." Lady Gaga has already endorsed the brand's redesign, by carrying Hedi Slimane's first Celine bag in Paris, and posting about it all over Instagram. Personalized with her initials, it's thought that the design will hit the runway at Paris Fashion Week later this month, when Slimane debuts his inaugural collection for the brand.   As for what Celine's first three Instagram posts, which all feature gold, glittering fabric, mean for the brand, that remains to be seen:  
 The plot may be problematic but the fashion was fire... Pretty Woman hit theaters in 1990, so although it's cast as a seminal '90s film, its fashion is still decidedly late '80s. From brown polka dots at a polo match to a short sleeved bold shouldered white dress for a day of shopping (or not shopping as the case may be, haters gonna hate), it's almost shocking how stylistically relevant a nearly 30-year old film can feel. The plot of Pretty Woman might be problematic—is it really uplifting to watch a movie about a West Hollywood sex worker finding love with the dapper businessman who hired her off a street corner?—but the fashion was fire.    And Vivian's looks are enjoying repeat performances for the summer of 2018—from white dots on a brown maillot to those statement button dresses. But the most famous dress, a red gown in the spirit of Valentino, designed by film costumer Marilyn Vance, can now too can be yours—for under $400, thanks to Reformation's wedding collection. A sculptural column dress with a plunging sweetheart neckline and off-the-shoulder detail, it was an instant hit then and still packs a stylish punch now. That diamond necklace isn't included, but if we recall correctly it was borrowed from a jewelry store—way to cheap out, Edward.  In 2018, Viv would buy her own diamonds anyway, and her own dress from an eco-friendly brand like Reformation and most likely volunteer at an organization dedicated to ending human trafficking. But she'd still have a saucy best friend, because everyone needs a saucy best friend, but no one needs to be Cinder-f*cking-rella in the #MeToo era.  

 Are you dreaming of a white Christmas? Winter white has become a street style staple and the trend is making its way into our home, vanities, and travel agendas. Check out what effortlessly cool white pieces, products, and places made our lust list this Christmas holiday. Yves Salomon coat, $8,350, farfetch.com BUY NOW Tom Ford Soleil Blanc eau de parfum, $230, sephora.com BUY NOW Alexander Wang gown, $1,995, netaporter.com BUY NOW Jimmy Choo shoe, $795, netaporter.com BUY NOW Oscar de la Renta earrings, $395, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW GHD styler, $249, sephora.com BUY NOW Kitchen Aid mixer, $235, amazon.com BUY NOW Apple airpods, $159, apple.com BUY NOW Asceno pyjama set, $296, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Tom Ford shoe, $890, netaporter.com BUY NOW Audio Pro speaker, $249, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Delfina Delettrez ring, $4,473, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Boscia setting spray, $12, sephora.com BUY NOW Kaufmann Mercantile sake set, $25, ahalife.com BUY NOW Brock Collection skirt, $2,190, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Marni earrings, $470, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Brandon Maxwell jumpsuit, $2,695, netaporter.com BUY NOW Saint Laurent shoe, $895, farfetch.com BUY NOW Crate&Barrel; Chinese checkers, $80, crateandbarrel.com BUY NOW Roksanda jumpsuit, $2,275, netaporter.com BUY NOW Lancome mascara base, $26, sephora.com BUY NOW Pom Pom at Home throw, $188, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Carine Gilson nightdress, $1,400, netaporter.com BUY NOW Carven coat, $790, netaporter.com BUY NOW Agent Nateur serum, $120, anthropologie.com BUY NOW Hermes birkin, $151,900, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW Cotton Beach Club, Ibiza BUY NOW Google home, $129, bestbuy.com BUY NOW Dior brightening serum, $165, sephora.com BUY NOW Dries Van Noten boot, $725, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW
 All of the chicest looks on the European streets, shot by Tyler Joe.  See the best-dressed take on the summer streets during Copenhagen's Spring 2018 Fashion Week. 
 The show marked Herrera's last bow before stepping down as creative director.  Last week, Carolina Herrera announced she would be stepping down as creative director of her eponymous fashion house after 37 years. Before passing the reins over to her successor, Wes Gordon, the designer took her final bow at New York Fashion Week last night. For her last collection, Herrera ended her four-decade design career with a colorful rendition of her signature look. Every model walking in the finale wore a crisp white button-down shirt with a taffeta skirt and contrasting wide belt. From vibrant yellow to royal blue and emerald green, the designer's swan song of colors was a bright, breathtaking ode to the trademark look she defined over the years.   The timeless elegance of @HouseofHerrera 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻Brava 🧡💙❤️💚 pic.twitter.com/CAm5EdBOYY  The most gorgeous tribute to Carolina Herrera tonight on her last bow at @carolinaherrera. Congratulations, epic lady. A post shared by  Laura Brown (@laurabrown99) on Feb 12, 2018 at 5:55pm PST  Much like the finale, the Fall 2018 collection was filled with rich colors and vibrant patterns in the form of elegant dresses, skirts, blouses and outerwear. From a bright yellow coat with a white and black leopard fur collar to jaguar-printed dresses, the lineup was filled with statement-making looks for the modern-day woman. At the end of the show, Herrera opted to take her final bow on the runway alongside the men and women who work in her atelier. Shortly after, she was presented with a bouquet of red roses from her successor.   Moving forward, Herrera will transition her role with her brand to global ambassador—attending events, store openings and more across the world—as Gordon takes over as creative director. Much like her entire career, Herrera's final New York Fashion Week bow was full of elegance and grace—as if we'd expected anything less.
 Cara Delevingne shows us another side of Kendall Jenner, the world’s most in-demand supermodel.  CARA DELEVINGNE: Happy belated birthday! You recently turned the ripe old age of 22. How old do you really feel? KENDALL JENNER: It fluctuates. Sometimes I feel like a complete kid when I’m running around with my friends being stupid for a week, and then sometimes I just want to sit in my house and sip tea and watch old movies like I’m 60. CD: Sounds about right. Every time we’re together we’re either rolling around making bird noises or sitting on the porch in rocking chairs talking about the young people these days. Do you feel like an accomplished 22-year-old? KJ: I feel like the life I live is extraordinary in a lot of ways but that it also comes with a lot of responsibilities. I’ve had to grow up pretty fast and deal with situations most 22-year-olds aren’t really put into. There are days and weeks and months when you just don’t stop.   CD: The pressure can be crushing sometimes. KJ: It can! And you know me and how OCD I can get over the littlest things. If something isn’t going the way I planned, I freak out. Some days I just want to go live on a farm and not talk to anyone and just exist in the middle of nowhere. CD: What sorts of animals would you have? KJ: On my farm? I would literally have tons. I’d have seven horses because I feel like that’s a reasonable amount of horses to love and take care of, and sheep and goats and chickens and dogs—like, 10 dogs. But no cats because I’m not a cat person, unless they’re Savannah cats, which are like little cheetahs. CD: I want one so bad. KJ: They’re so good. Sorry, I got really excited about that question. CD: You’ve really thought this farm thing through! You grew up in the public eye. Is there anything you feel you missed out on? KJ: The obvious answer is college, I guess, but I don’t even know if I regret that. I had a pretty normal childhood, with a twist, and went to school until the 10th grade. For 11th and 12th, I did homeschool, but I still saw a lot of my old friends. I didn’t go to prom, though, which was kind of annoying. I can’t really complain except for now, maybe, I would like to go to Disneyland or a public beach. To go to a beach in peace would be lovely. To be able to hang out and meet new people and not be bothered would be awesome. CD: When you have children—because I know you’re going to have loads—how will you feel if one of them wants to go into fashion and become famous like their mom? Will you let them have access to social media? KJ: I think I’ll definitely put an age limit on it and try to keep them away from it as much as possible. I always loved being able to play in my yard with my animals, and my dog, and my friends. It’s going to be interesting to see what the world is like when I do have kids. But I definitely don’t plan on having them anytime soon. CD: Bringing kids into the world is a scary thought right now, isn’t it? KJ: It’s super scary. CD: We have to make sure we have ours at the same time so they can look after each other. What in particular keeps you up at night? “I'm not afraid to try something even if I know no one will like it.” KJ: It’s funny you ask that because I have such debilitating anxiety because of everything going on that I literally wake up in the middle of the night with full-on panic attacks. Where do I even start? Everything is so horrible, it’s hard to name one thing. I just think that the world needs so much love. I wish I had the power to send Cupid around the planet, as cheesy as that sounds. You go online and you see everyone saying the worst things to each other, and it’s hard to stay positive. It’s hard not to get eaten alive by all the negativity.  CD: What does it mean to be a supermodel today versus 20 years ago? KJ: I’ve actually talked about it with a couple of women, like Cindy Crawford, who have been doing this for a long time. I feel like social media obviously has a lot to do with how it’s different. A lot of people are like, “Oh, it’s so much easier now because you have Instagram. You don’t even need an agency anymore.” But that’s just not true. I still had to go to all the castings, I still had to go meet all the photographers, I still had to do all of that to get to where I am now. There wasn’t a step taken out just because I had social media. I still have 12-hour days, I still have even 24-hour days sometimes; I still have to do all those things. We don’t work any less hard than the ’90s models did when they were young. CD: Social media is an interesting beast. When you have more than 85 million Instagram followers, you get a lot of attention you might not want. How do you keep from becoming jaded? KJ: Lately I’ve just tried to stay off it, and I definitely don’t look at comments. I think Instagram is still a fun place for the most part. I like going on and seeing what people are up to, but I mostly follow stupid accounts with pictures of puppies and little baby animals and people saving animals. Forget about Twitter, which is so not fun these days. It just makes me sad. CD: It’s true. Even if you go on for, like, a minute, you know you’re going to read something horrible, either about yourself or about the world. KJ: I’m not even worried about myself anymore at this point. [Laughs] CD: From what I’ve seen of your friends, you hang out with an incredibly creative, crazy group of people who are doing their own thing and don’t seem to care what other people think about them. Has that rubbed off on you a bit? You seem to be taking more fashion risks. KJ: It has. I think, for sure, being in the fashion industry and having so many friends who are into fashion—young people who would die for it—inspires me to try and push the boundaries. I’m not afraid to try something even if I know no one will like it. CD: Who’s a friend who inspires you? KJ: Tyler [the Creator] really inspires me. He’s so determined to do anything he thinks is amazing. He just opened a new store on Fairfax in L.A., and he put out an incredible album last summer, and now he’s on tour. Whatever he wants to do, he just does it, and in the coolest, best way. I like people who push the limits of what’s expected. Even you, bro! You’re fucking inspiring. “I like people who push the limits of what's expected.” CD: Ha! KJ: No, for real! You’re out here killing it, doing movies because you feel like it. I want to be like you, I want to be like Tyler, I want to be like all my friends. CD: Would you ever consider designing your own line? KJ: Kylie and I have our little brand that we do together, and actually have a fun time doing it, but I would love to branch off and do something a little more serious and really sit down and test my brain and play with it a little bit. CD: Every time I come to your house, you always have a new artwork hanging. Is that something you’re exploring?   KJ: Most people don’t know this about me, but I have a real love for interior design. I’ve been working with a designer named Martyn Bullard who’s really awesome and who kind of made me fall in love with art. Kanye has also been a huge influence. He’s really, really into art and has the sickest pieces in his house. CD: What do you hope to be doing 22 years from now? KJ: I hope to have a family, and I hope to be in love. I just want light and happiness and love. And you! I want you in my life! CD: Hopefully some of that love will reach the people who are feeling so much hate in the world right now. KJ: I hope so. I’ll keep sending out vibes.  This article originally appears in the February issue of Harper's Bazaar, available on newsstands January 23. Lead image: Chanel cape and boots; Hair: Malcolm Edwards; Makeup: Val Garland; Manicure: Adam Slee; Set design: Robbie Doig/Dragonfly Scenery.
 "The world is pretty divisive right now," the fashion mogul tells BAZAAR.com.  Tory Burch may be one of the most recognized names in fashion, but when she started her company 14 years ago, investors "repeatedly" told her she'd fail. That negativity, she tells BAZAAR.com, only fueled her entrepreneurial spirit and determination to succeed. Today, she's the CEO of her multibillion dollar fashion empire and the genius behind the Tory Burch Foundation, an organization providing resources to empower female entrepreneurs.  Burch's unrelenting ambition and drive were the core themes of  Embrace Ambition Summit on April 24, which was hosted by her foundation. For the event, she gathered an impressive number of like-minded models, activists, politicians, and celebrities at Lincoln Center in New York City to celebrate similar initiative and to confront stereotypes in the workplace.  Featured attendees included journalist Katie Couric, Joe Kennedy III, Congressman (D-MA), #1000BlackGirlBooks founder Marley Dias, actress Yara Shahidi, writer Margaret Atwood, and Olympic medalists Ibtihaj Muhammad and Lindsey Vonn. "We wanted to make sure it was authentic," Burch says after the successful event. "It was a bit of a risk, taking on such big subjects like ambition, and the world is pretty divisive right now, so we wanted to handle everything in a direct and honest way, but also carefully." For men, ambition is perceived a positive quality. The same can't always be said for women. Here, Burch opens up about confronting that stereotype when she started her own career, fashion's responsibility in the #MeToo era, and the success of her inaugural Summit.  It was our first summit and to [talk] about ambition, stereotype, and bias is quite big. So it became how do we tackle those issues in a way that is accessible to women and men and isn't political, but more about humanity. We really challenged ourselves to have things that were actionable and to take away from the summit to create change.  It was inspiring on so many levels, [especially] because of the people that spoke like Yara Shahidi and Margaret Atwood. I think the fact that we had Joe Kennedy and Kevin McCarthy was important. Obviously, with everything happening in the world today, to have two incredible representatives on the same stage was an important message of what we need to do to start bringing this country together.   An incredible day at the #EmbraceAmbition Summit with leaders who are confronting stereotypes and empowering women… Thank you to everyone who joined us in NYC or tuned into the livestream! @toryburchfoundation A post shared by  Tory Burch (@toryburch) on Apr 24, 2018 at 7:58pm PDT I grew up with three brothers and my parents raised me to think I could do anything equally with them, as long as I put my mind to it and worked incredibly hard. I didn’t realize there would be a difference from a gender standpoint, in the workforce and in what people could achieve. Fast forward, I worked at many different places—including Harper’s Bazaar—and there was some wonderful experiences, but when I started my own company 14 years ago, there were many people with different points of views.  There were naysayers who said I wouldn’t be able to [build a successful company]. I had people asking why would you start an e-commerce site when no one will buy stuff online? Or, why would you start with a retail concept? It won't work. That went went on and on. My parents told me to think of the negativity as noise.  I remember my first meeting with potential investors, I walked them through the whole business plan and at the heart of the business plan was a plan to build a global lifestyle brand so that I could start a foundation for women. Certainly, there was a ton of pushback from the men in the room saying that business and social responsibility should not go hand in hand. That just made me more determined.  I love a suit... wearing our SS18 Anna ruffle top and moleskin suit, coming this fall A post shared by  Tory Burch (@toryburch) on Apr 19, 2018 at 4:38am PDT It’s incredible to me that 55 years after the Equal Pay Act, women still don’t have parity with men and the gap is obviously wider with women of color, so I think... equal pay should not be a favor, it should be a given, and countless studies also prove that equal pay for women would add billions of dollars to the economy, so it’s a win for everyone. Studies have also shown that companies with women in leadership positions [offer] a different and important perspective. To not have women on boards and involved in leadership teams is a miss from a business standpoint. They’re more collaborative and, this is obviously a big sweeping generalization, but in general they are patient.   It's hard to say all women, but you know I [can speak for myself as a leader], I’m a good listener and I think that I try to balance conversations. I want to create an environment that’s really focused on culture. I think men are great at that too, depending on the company, but it’s very important to have a woman’s perspective.   With my mother, Reva, during a summer camp visit #ToMomwithLove A post shared by  Tory Burch (@toryburch) on Apr 28, 2018 at 7:35am PDT Every leader and business has a role to ensure that bad behavior is stopped. It’s a new day and it’s an important one. Everyone has to play their part in ensuring that people have a safe place, a safe environment to work, and certainly their career path has nothing to do with anything but their talent.
 You'll want to book a trip after you see this capsule collection.  If there's one thing Colombian designer Silvia Tcherassi thinks people need to know about her home country, it's that the people highly value happiness and the simple things in life. In honor of the popular South American destination, luxury e-retailer  Net-a-Porter has launched the Colombian Collective, highlighting the best designers and inspired designs by the latin country. Alongside Barranquilla-born Tcherassi, who opened the door for a new wave of Colombian designers, Johanna Ortiz, Esteban Cortazar and Mercedes Salazar also joined in to design exclusive items that you're going to want to take on your next sunny getaway.  Not only is Tcherassi a talented designer who injects Colombia's signature bright colors and elegant style into her work—but she also runs two hotels in Cartagena (the most beautiful city in Colombia according to Tcherassi) where she can express her two passions, interior design and fashion. "To dress a room is like dressing a body," Tcherassi told BAZAAR. Hotel Tcherassi would definitely set the scene for the perfect Instagram bait, featuring one of her floral dresses, or Joanna Ortiz's swimsuits with ruffled sleeves.  We have no doubt you'll want to book your next trip after you browse our favorite picks from Net-a-Porter's festive Colombia Collective.  The striped stuff for dancing on the streets of Cartegena  A voluminous ruffled one-piece is picture perfect. 
 From fur accents to box bags and beyond, these are the fall bags to shop now.  Fall is right around the corner, which means it's finally time to do some serious shopping (not that it isn't always time for some serious shopping). While it's still too early to wear the season's best outerwear and sweaters, it's never too early to start test-driving new bag trends. From structured box bags and top handles to furry accents and logomania, these are the 7 bag trends fashion girls will be obsessing over this season.  Structured bags make for the perfect way to instantly polish your look this season. After taking over Fall 2018 runways like Oscar de la Renta, Michael Kors, Natasha Zinko, and more, the boxy, ladylike bag is staging its comeback.  Embrace two of the season's trends in one with this snakeskin box bag that will act as a neutral in your closet.  Mango bag, $60, mango.com. SHOP NOW Carry this boxy clutch with a top handle or crossbody strap.  Manu Atelier bag, $565, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Coats aren't the only furry essential you'll be shopping this season. Make way for faux fur bags—from tiny accents to strap details to full-on fur bags.  From left: Alexander Wang, Vivienne Hu, and ADEAM's Fall 2018 runways A stark white furry bag is the perfect contrast to your fall and winter wardrobe.  Alexander Wang bag, $1,295, barneys.com. SHOP NOW Embrace the trend in full form with this ultra-affordable shoulder bag.  Want faux fur shoulder bag, $20, nastygal.com. SHOP NOW Channel the early aughts with this baby pink shoulder bag that's sure to be a favorite amongst the fashion set.  Saks Potts bag, $950, bergdorfgoodman.com. SHOP NOW From structured shapes to refined bucket bags, some of fall's hottest bags come with a top handle this season. The put-together accessory makes for an effortless way to instantly elevate your look.  Carolina Santo Domingo bag, $765, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Combine two of the season's top trends—animal prints and structured top handle bags—into one with this affordable Topshop find.  Topshop bag, $55, topshop.com. SHOP NOW With its unique, but streamlined shape and subtle gold clasp detailing, this bag is a minimalist's must-have.  Danse Lente bag, $380, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Small bags have long been taking over, but make way for some roomier totes and hobos this season. Oversized caryalls re-emerged on the Fall 2018 runways, making life much easier for the woman on the go. Pictured: Victoria Beckham Fall 2018 A neutral bag that's big enough to fit your laptop and your everyday essentials? Yes, please. Jil Sander oversized bag, $943, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Half hobo, half tote, go big or go home with this statement-making caryall.  MM6 Maison Margiela oversized tote, $860, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Making for a playful, dress-up inspired piece to work into your wardrobe, drawstring bags are one of fall's most fun accessories. Try the look in a colorful satin style to amp up the playfulness.   Making the trend easier to carry, Mango's satin drawstring pouch boasts a chain strap.  Mango drawstring chain bag, $20, mango.com. SHOP NOW Work some sparkle into your  look with this sequin drawstring pouch that goes from day to night.  Attico bag, $480, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Add some color and ornate detailing to any look with the help of Staud's beaded bag.  Staud bag, $195, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW From the runways to the street style scene, logomania is officially back. Whether you're a Dior saddle bag fiend or more of a Fendi 'F' girl, there's a designer logo perfect for channeling Paris Hilton circa 2003.  Add a little logo to your look with this understated Gucci bag that will go with everything in your closet.  Gucci bag, $990, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Embrace the return of the Fendi logo print with this classic two-tone chain bag.  Fendi bag, $1,290, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP NOW While the fanny pack has been taking over our Instagram feeds for well over the past year, the trend also dominated Fall 2018 runways like Marc Jacobs, Givenchy, Gucci, and beyond, making it clear the beloved belt bag isn't going anywhere just yet.  Gucci belt bag, $1,100, gucci.com. SHOP NOW Add a splash of color to your look with this dainty but bold red bag.  Wandler belt bag, $500, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Channel the early 2000s with this chainmail belt bag that's half hip chain, half fanny pack.  Frasier Sterling chain belt bag, $141, revolve.com. SHOP NOW If you're looking for more room in your belt bag, Nanushka's bucket/fanny pack hybrid is the perfect mashup.  Nanushka bucket belt bag, $420, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW
 From Bond girls to Blue Crush and non-cinematic moments in between, see which swimsuits were having a moment the year you were born.  The bathing suit is reflective of the era in more ways than style—were women expected to be more covered up? Was the economy booming or busting? A simple one piece or flashy bikini can tell the tale. From Bond girls to Blue Crush and non-cinematic moments in between, see which swimsuits were having a moment the year you were born.  Jane Russell was one of America's first major sex symbols. The actress proved that a covered up one-piece could pack a curvy punch in the more Puritanical mid-50s. The bikini began to emerge in the late 50s, seen here in the South of France. It was originally invented by Louis Réard in 1946, but wasn't widely embraced until much later. Elizabeth Taylor stole the show in the film Suddenly, Last Summer with this somewhat baggy white maillot. The relaxed look was a step away from the perfectly coiffed '50s into the looser 1960s. This gorgeous Slim Aarons photo illustrates the low-slung bikini bottom style of the early 1960s, paired with a strapless top. Consider it a bikini with structure. A more tailored suit continued to reign as the 1960s went on. A smart woven hat made for the perfect accessory. Raquel Welch has one of the most famous figures ever in cinema. This halter style two-piece and Barbarella-esque hair showcases the over-the-top mood of the moment. Iconic actress Sophia Loren wore a super sexy lingerie bikini set in the Italian film  Marriage Italian Style.  Sally Field as Gidget was the ultimate surf girl. The sweet pink hue of her suit and pigtails in her hair illustrate the good girl vibe of the mid '60s. Bathing suits were merging with fashion in the late '60s, exemplified in this photo of model Pauline Stone wearing a petal-embroidered strapless bikini layered under a sheer wide-lapel tunic. Jane Birkin wore a barely there bikini with a delicate gold necklace, signifying the end of the big-haired '60s and a move into the more natural, bohemian 1970s. This little gingham two-piece doesn't have the structure of earlier bikinis. It's meant to move with the body and showcased an ease that women were beginning to have in the early '70s. The original Foxy Brown Pam Grier wore major sunnies and a crocheted bikini top. The look in swim mirrored the look in fashion, which was all about natural fabrics and a less-is-more approach. Jackie O was never one for anything too bohemian. This photo of her on a boat in a white headscarf and tied black bikini showcases a more streamlined mid-70s vibe. In one of the most famous bathing suit photos of all time, Farrah Fawcett set off a trend in plunging one-piece halters with little to no lining. Baja blankets were optional. Princess Caroline of Monaco is seen here in a white maillot with tie details on the sides. This peek-a-boo style set the tone for the time with its striking elegance and ease. Bo Derek made waves in the film 10 for her flesh-colored swimsuit that left little to the imagination. The late '70s were still about a naturalism in style—and a good tan. The early 1980s were not yet about over-the-top glamour. Margaux Hemingway wore a simple black one-piece here with slicked-back hair that is timeless. Phoebe Cates influenced a generation of young women in this standout red bikini. No one ever thought about exiting a pool the same way ever again. The teeny bikini look continued on into the 1980s, when simple designs were still in style. "The smaller the better" remained the edict of the time. In current vernacular, the look in swim in 1986 was "extra." Cut super high on the leg, with an open back and low top was the norm. You might throw on a headband to finish the idea.  Goldie Hawn in Overboard was the pivotal look in 1987—in other words look as rich and over-the-top as possible, especially in a swimsuit. Wall Street was on the rise and so was wearing as much gold at once as possible. Nicolette Sheridan proved that a dramatic high rise bottom continued as the '80s wore on. A floral print in primary hues was all the rage.  Helmut Lang was the of-the-moment designer in 1990s. This minimal suit on Helena Christensen with a boy short bottom and bandeau top from the runway signified a new era. The early '90s and Saved by the Bell were all about bold neons and graphic prints. California surf culture was all the rage.  With a continued trend towards Southern California cool, Baywatch-style set the tone in the mid-90s with its high-cut red one-pieces. Having curves and showing them off were in. Belly chains, studding, and barely-there bikinis signified a new look in 1994. While minimalism was embraced by some at this time, others were all about the glam factor. Grunge made its way to swim in muted tones and oversized bottoms. Bandeau tops were everywhere and so was Kate Moss naturalism. This Salma Hayek swim moment in From Dusk Til Dawn showed that padding was moving into bikini tops and high slung bottoms still had a place in swimwear. Subtlety wasn't for everyone in the '90s. A one-shouldered maillot with three colors was indicative of the swim look in the late 1990s. Cut-outs and a simple cool factor reigned. 1999 was all about Gisele, polka dots, belly rings and a golden tan. This ultra-low skirt was the ideal cover up at the time.
 Actor, model, and charity founder Mari Malek wants every child to have an education.  “My heart and my soul’s mission is really to be a humanitarian,” says Mari Malek, the model, actor, DJ, and founder of the non-profit Stand 4 Education. Malek grew up in war-torn South Sudan and came to the United States as a refugee. Now, she uses her profile to raise money to build schools and advocate for girls in her native country, and around the world. Tall and lithe, with jutting cheekbones, luminous skin, and expressive features, Malek was scouted several times in her teens, but she waited until she was 22 before she started modeling in New York City. At first, she encountered racism. When rejecting her, some agencies said she didn’t have a “sellable look,” or told her, “We already have a black girl.” Before Malek hit it big and started shooting with photographers like Steven Meisel, she was sometimes turned away at castings with a cursory, “No black girls.” “Being the dark skin that I am, I went through so many uncomfortable moments,” says Malek, reclining on a couch at the Long Island City studio where she is working on this hot summer day. “I had to break a lot of doors open. Long story short, representation matters, and just because someone says that something doesn't sell, doesn’t mean it’s the truth.” "We're facing the worst migrant and refugee crisis in the world right now." Growing up during the long Sudanese civil war, which eventually resulted in South Sudan gaining its independence in 2011, Malek never saw fashion magazines or luxury goods, but she recognized that modeling could be a path to self-sufficiency, and to a platform. “Modeling was a blessing, a chance for me to put my country on the map, and to tell the stories of the women and children that need help,” she says. “And the main thing that we need is education.” That conviction is what led Malek to found her charity. In the last year of the Obama administration, she was highlighted for her humanitarian work at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner, and met the Obamas at a small party. “I got to speak with Michelle about girls’ empowerment, because she has that initiative called Let Girls Learn,” Malek recalls, beaming. Malek was born into a family of around 20 children in present-day South Sudan. Her father was a politician, and her mother, one of four wives, was a nurse. As the fighting worsened, Malek’s mother opened their home to displaced people fleeing the violence and destruction. At one point, militants invaded the family home and abducted her father. When Malek was eight, her mother escaped to Egypt with her and her two younger sisters. There, they lived in a refugee camp while their asylum claims were processed. Finally, in 1997, Malek’s family was allowed to come to the United States. The family initially settled in Newark, New Jersey before moving to San Diego to be with relatives. There, Malek finished high school and went on to college. TUMI Phoebe Backpack SHOP Decades of civil war has left South Sudan with a population that is disproportionately young — the country’s median age is just 17.3 — and female. But, says Malek, women and girls aren’t accorded equal respect or opportunity.  "Girls are not prioritized for education, or for just growing and finding themselves." “The minute a girl menstruates, she's defined as a woman, and gets married off,” she says. Marriage usually means the end of a girl’s education, one reason why South Sudan has an adult female literacy rate of just 16%. “The greatest challenge we’re facing today in South Sudan is the dis-empowerment of women,” says Malek. It’s this inequality that she wants most to address through Stand 4 Education. In addition to building schools, the organization pursues a larger mission of peace-building, providing life skills programs and menstrual health care. Malek says she also values art education, partly because she’s seen its impact on her own life. “Art for me has been therapy, especially as someone who has faced trauma and war,” she explains. Modeling led Malek first to music — she deejays under the name DJ Stiletto — and then to acting, which she finds liberating. She earned rave reviews for her performance in the 2017 Swedish indie thriller The Nile Hilton Incident, which was awarded the Grand Jury Prize for a world cinema drama at Sundance. In the film, Malek plays Saleh, a Sudanese refugee living in Egypt who is working as a hotel maid when she witnesses a political assassination and gets sucked into a web of intrigue. Malek has several upcoming film projects that she’s not yet ready to talk about publicly. Ultimately, she sees acting as a way to fulfill what she feels is her responsibility to be a voice for the voiceless. “I wanna tell our stories,” she says. “Storytelling is powerful.” TUMI Bonnie Shield Bag SHOP Styled by Marina Munoz, Hair by Nicolas Eldin, Makeup by Tracy
 Saks Fifth Avenue's Fashion Director Roopal Patel on the must-buy items of the season—plus three unique ways to style them. Thirty-one days, dozens of shows, and five—or more—flights make up fashion month, and Saks Fifth Avenue's Fashion Director, Roopal Patel, is there to see it all (and decide what goes into Saks Fifth Avenue stores around the country). From Instagram accounts to inspirational travel, Patel looks at multiple outlets to decide just what is worth investing in each season. “Travel, modern day culture, and art inspire me,” she says. “I look to the streets and everyday activity to see how fashion can translate into daily life. I was recently in Cartagena and was so inspired by the architecture, color, sounds, and flavor of the city. All of these elements help shape some of the direction and translation of trends at Saks.” But how to wear them? For Spring 2018, Patel selected three pieces that are truly à la mode, and styled them for three different occasions.  “Trench coats are no longer just for rainy days! This season we saw a focus on the waist and trench dressing. It really is a great go-to piece during these transitional months, and it's an iconic fashion piece. Khaite's trench coat is a chic take on the classic silhouette, and the brand has become a must for everyday, luxe essentials." Khaite trench, $1,690 SHOP “The spring season is all about about getting dressed up. For evening, the trench coat becomes a chic layering piece  over a cocktail dress and sparkly accessories. Rosie Assoulin's dress is dreamy in shimmered tulle: just the right amount of sparkle  and sheer. I always like adding a bit of novelty with a bejeweled handbag and shoe." Rosie Assoulin dress, $2,595, saks.com; Alexander Wang bag, $695, saks.com “We saw so many novelty versions of the trench on the Spring runways: classic, colored, checked, and fringe. I like adding pops of color and pattern underneath for a little whimsy.  This Jacquemus marigold skirt is an unexpected  pop of color with the contrast of the graphic black and white stripes." Calvin Klein top, $1,200, saks.com; Jacquemus skirt, $660, saks.com; Gianvito Rossi boots, $1,195, saks.com “We saw layers-on-layers on the runways for Spring. I like the idea of the trench thrown on over layered patterns and jeans for a easy look.”  Ben Taverniti Unravel Project shirt, $765, saks.com; Ganni jacket, $395, saks.com; The Row jeans, $550, saks.com; Gucci shoes, $680, saks.com; Loewe bag, $2,290, saks.com “Luxe leisure has been trending on the runways, and designers have great options to bring an elevated, casual piece—like this jacket—into everyday dressing. The track jacket is very versatile: Pair it back with tailored pants, pleated skirts, or printed dresses—you can dress it up or down!” Valentino jacket, $1,980 SHOP “There have been so many sport and athleisure references on the runway, and we're all replacing our denim jackets with the track jacket and layering everything. It's nice to dress up this casual jacket with a printed dress or skirt—I like mixing and matching with a printed  dress or skirt. The polka dot print is fun and whimsical and can be treated as a neutral print." Ganni wrap dress, $250, saks.com; Carolina Santo Domingo handbag, $995, saks.com "There's something special about pairing a track jacket with something colorful, especially when it's striped. The over-the-top glamour of these pants and skirt—plus the vibrant hues—take a track jacket from courtside to night out." Off-White long-sleeve top, $675, saks.com; Monse track pants, $1,150, saks.com; Valentino tee, $420, saks.com; Alice + Olivia pleated skirt, $660, saks.com; Aquazzura sneakers, $725, saks.com “We always think of sequins, shine, and embellishment for evening, but I love this matte silver sequin skirt from Sacai for day. It feels a little less precious and evening when paired it's paired with classics." Sacai skirt, $1,180 SHOP "I love a stripe knit and wear it like a white t-shirt. It's a basic that can be paired back with everything! It looks playful and easy with the sequined skirt here. The play of leathers and sequins is a bit unexpected. I like the edge of the leather jacket mixed with this feminine sequin skirt. Its tough-girl chic. These days, we are all on the go and need a little versatility for day to evening. We saw luxe activewear on the runways this season, and a chic white parka is a versatile investment piece. It tones down the sequin skirt—especially if you pair it with white sneakers." From left: Chloé saddle bag, $1,815, saks.com; Manolo Blahnik heels, $955, saks.com; Balenciaga leather jacket, $3,200, saks.com; Miu Miu tee, $895, saks.com; Saint Laurent booties, $995, saks.com; Ben Taverniti Unravel Project hooded parka, $1,270, saks.com; Off-White sweatshirt, $635, saks.com; Balenciaga sneakers, $795, saks.com
 Serve some major 'Dynasty' vibes this season.  Last summer was ruled by the ubiquitous off-the-shoulder top, but this season has a new fashion contender: the puff sleeve. The perfect hybrid of the Victorian era meets the era of Dynasty (the OG '80s version, obviously. You can keep the reboot, CW), the puff sleeve is both flattering and playful—not to mention it makes the perfect pairing for all your blue jeans.  Quickly rising as every fashion girl's favorite new silhouette, puff sleeve blouses and dresses are taking over in a major way this season. Bring some drama into your wardrobe and shop our favorite puff sleeves of the moment below.  Go big or go home with this British brand's ultra-feminine, ultra-puffy handmade blouses that feel like an extra special addition to your wardrobe.  Olivia Rose The Label blouse, $157, oliviarosethelabel.com. SHOP NOW Keep the look feminine with a Victorian-inspired floral print dress. Embrace the throwback trend for summer with this sunny, retro waist-tie blouse that will pair perfectly with high-waisted white trousers or denim cutoffs.  Make a statement with a crisp white blouse that brings on the volume in sleeve form. Orseund Iris top, $595, orseundiris.com. SHOP NOW For a top that goes from day to night, try an all-black blouse complete with unexpected tulle detailing.  Go girly in LPA's pink puffed mini dress.  Try the trend in a bold color that only makes the look stand out more.  Olivia Rose The Label blouse, $157, oliviarosethelabel.com. SHOP NOW If you're still hooked on off-the-shoulder sleeves, this floral summer top makes the perfect hybrid between the two trends.  Tone it down with a breezy white blouse that's perfect for a laid-back summer look.  Or take the look up a notch with a bold print dress that you can wear from summer into fall.  Ganni dress, $315, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW For more of a boho take on the look, this LBD can be worn with sandals now or a pair of ankle booties when fall temperatures set in.  This brand is emerging as a new favorite amongst the fashion set—and it has plenty of pretty puff sleeve tops to choose from.  Petersyn blouse, $255, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Transition your wardrobe into fall with a work-friendly blouse that will get you a lot of wear this season.  Pair it with lace-up sandals and gold jewelry and you're good to go with an ethereal summer look.  Try a cropped iteration on the trend for the perfect summer top.  1.State crop top, $89, revolve.com. SHOP NOW
 The it-girl way.  Dinners have turned into text-fests, while brunch can morph into a 100-shot photo shoot. Simply put, we’re addicted. The quick fix? Put that phone on airplane mode. No distractions = more real conversations. Why Don’t You Put Your Phone Down? Breakups are hard...but in this case, necessary. In the feed scrolling, blog posting, tweet-obsessed world we live in today, we sometimes desperately need to take a step back and unplug. We’re urging you to tuck those gadgets away and enjoy life In Real Time. Here, an easy no-phones-allowed guide to living your best life. Carpe diem! Eat It, Don’t Gram It Enjoy the food on your plate instead of agonizing over which angle puts your avo toast in the best light. We promise, that picture's been taken before, and no one really cares anymore.  Get Out of Your Comfort Zone That doesn’t necessarily have to mean grabbing a bell(wo)man to push you around hotel halls (unless that’s your thing), but it could mean taking a dance class, starting a book club, or learning to paint. There are an abundance of ways one can broaden their horizons, and beautifully, many mean putting down your glowing rectangle and focusing on something more interesting. Shop Your Wardrobe Play dress-up and slip into a bygone era when the kind of touch that mattered was a perfect fur collar or soft satin—not the buzz of your phone against your hip or the ticks of typing on an iPhone. (Bonus: Nostalgic, vintage purses and pocket-less retro dresses weren't designed with your big old smartphone in mind. Leave it behind!)  Have a Drink (or Two) With Your Friends Don’t let modern distractions get in the way of taking in the moments that matter—like a great drink with your crew. By pocketing gadgets and savoring a beer with friends, you’re already taking a huge step toward a life well-lived. Glue lips to your glass, instead of eyes to your screen.  Stay Up for Sunrise This isn’t hard to do in the city that never sleeps. Find a roof, sit back and experience breathtaking skyline hues. The best part? You can do it all while that phone is charging downstairs… far, far away.  Special thanks to The Plaza, Styled by Liz Cabral Taylor wears dress by Bibhu Mohapatra
 Upgrade your bag game without breaking the bank.  Holiday shopping may be in full swing, but somehow browsing for gifts only makes us want to shop for ourselves even more (sorry, Mom!). If you're looking to update your own closet while simultaneously figuring out what to buy your family and friends this holiday season, a handbag upgrade makes for a quick fix. In the spirit of not breaking the bank, we rounded up all the best bags to buy now for under $200 (with most of them for under $75). Inspired by the street style scene and scrolls of Instagram, these are the bag trends to shop for less now.   Whether in the form of an artful shape or a gold hoop top handle, a new wave of geometric-inspired bags are here to cure your crossbody fatigue.  Try the trend in a cool snake print that will make any look pop.  Complete with a gold hoop handle, this black bucket bag looks way more luxe than its price tag.  The circle bag trend is going strong, but this croc embossed style takes the look up a notch with a tortoise chain strain.  The return of Dior's saddle bag ushered in a wave of early 2000s handbag nostalgia. Think ultra tiny and compact with just enough room to fit your lip gloss lip kit and RAZR iPhone.  Go for the look in a red hot croc style that makes the trend feel a bit more modern and luxe.  Or keep it simple with a little black saddle bag that feels as cool as it looked back in 2001.  Cozying up isn't just for you this winter, your bag needs to keep warm too. Transition into winter weather with a plush faux fur bag as your trusty sidekick.  If you haven't got your hands on a teddy coat yet, try the cozied up look in bag form.  Another early aughts throwback, this furry chain shoulder bag gets both the Paris Hilton and Instagram seal of approval.  An under-$25 faux fur bag that you can get delivered ASAP from Amazon? Sign us up.  The bucket bag is here to stay, but this season's crop comes in elongated, modernized styles that feel fresh.  Forever21's affordable take on the look comes in at under $20. Try a more structured and retro style of the trend with this emerald bucket bag.  This glossy croc-embossed bag lends a touch of luxe to any look.   Go retro with a structured box bag that will win your grandma's seal of approval.  Ideal for topping off your holiday party look or hitting the street style scene, this mini box bag makes for a playful addition to your winter wardrobe.   This glossy box bag looks way more expensive than it actually is.  Paco Rabanne's chain bags have been taking over the fashion set all season long for good reason—they make an unexpectedly cool top off to any look. Topshop has its own batch of chain-embellished bags for a more affordable take on the trend.  For a different look, opt for a resin chain that works for both day and night. 
 Winter outfit inspiration from the best model street style.  Beyond Instagram and other forms of social media, the city streets are some of our favorite places to score outfit inspiration, especially when it comes from the best dressed off-duty models. From inspiring new ways to style your favorite chunky turtlenecks to unthought-of details and classic leather trouser pairings, these are the model street style looks we plan to copy this fall and winter.  Gigi and Bella Hadid are always at the forefront of every trend, runway show, and model off-duty shot we want to copy. A chunky turtleneck and cropped red puffer coat are winter essentials, and the Hadid's prove the staples look best when paired with uniquely detailed pants and boots. You can't go wrong with a chunky turtleneck, especially one that comes in this buttery off-white hue.  Breathe some new life into your winter wardrobe with this weather-resistant puffer, crafted in a fire engine red.  On and off the runway, Kendall Jenner serves looks. The best part? A lot of them can be recreated, like this sleek denim on denim ensemble she wore for the Milan Versace show.   Rendered in a stark white, this all-American denim jacket from Calvin Klein can be worn as a top.  All of Ganni's pieces are designed with the most fashion-forward, laid-back girls in mind. These jeans are no exception. Add a patent leather boot and you're basically a model off-duty.  The model manages to elevate an otherwise casual ensemble by layering an animal print blazer over a black cropped hoodie. This works for either a casual office ensemble or an off-duty weekend look.  Zadig & Voltaire make an animal print iteration of the classic blazer that offers instant outfit enhancements with its bright hue and pattern. This easy, effortless black hoodie doubles as both a pre-workout cover up and an off-duty essential.  If there's one person we look to for cozy winter outfit inspiration, it's Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. With a penchant for oversized, loose and neutral separates, Rosie makes off-duty dressing easy.  We're obsessed with this Rag & Bone floppy wool fedora; perfect for cold-weather weekend styling, cabin getaways and brisk breezes.  Upcoming it-girl brand SheVoke crafts expertly made trendy and classic sunglasses that can be worn all year round.   Left church feeling these things...When God gives you a vision, run towards that vision. You may not know how it’s going to happen...but believe it will happen. You may feel lonely, but this is how you know you’re doing what you are called to do. Everyone partying with you is not celebrating you. And finally, a big one. God speaks to YOU. The individual. About YOUR LIFE. Listen and dreams unfold. 🕊 The best is yet to come ⛪️ A post shared by  TyLynn Nguyen 🦢 (@tylynnnguyen) on Sep 15, 2019 at 8:31pm PDT TyLynn's instagram is one of the most inspiring ones we've seen, ever. Her style is composed of off-duty separates, minimalist must-haves, and enviable accessories.  In this look, everything is pared-back but still makes a massive statement.  This cropped jacket speaks for itself. The balloon sleeves, Swedish-inspired construction, and relaxed shape make this a piece that'll elevate any skirt or denim pairings.  The 'ugly' shoe trend is still kicking, and there's nothing we love more than these camp-esque fisherman flats.  Supermodel and street style favorite Karlie Kloss never takes a flight without looking her best, all without sacrificing comfort. Her airport terminal look of an all-black ensemble, topped off with a neutral wool coat is an effortlessly chic formula to wear all winter long. A wardrobe classic with a twist; Totême's Pisa coat will survive season after season, and trend after trend.  Dress it up or dress is down, either way a black turtleneck will carry you through the coldest months.  For days off, look to easy separates that provide comfort and movement. Pair your favorite oversized longline coat with loose-fitting jeans and white sneakers à la Gisele. Style this pretty power blue coat with anything from leather joggers to loose-fitting laid-back denim.  A staple closet essential; whether for office Fridays or weekends at the farmers market.  We can't discuss off-duty styling without mentioning Cindy Crawford. Known for her iconic work both on and off the runway, this supermodel (and now supermom) makes a leather jacket and vintage jeans look elevated and unfussy.   If it's chic enough for Cindy, it's chic enough for us. Wear your leather jacket with off-duty bottoms like vintage-inspired denim or cozy joggers.  The true blue options from Re/Done have a raw-hem and high-rise for a figure-flattering, vintage-inspired feel. 
 Hint: She loves Brazilian food and hates avoiding sweets. There are Victoria’s Secret models, and then there’s Adriana Lima. The leggy 36-year-old Brazilian is the lingerie giant’s longest-running spokeswoman and has held the coveted title of Angel for nearly two decades. More impressive are her stats: the top model made her runway debut at just 18, she’s worn a total of three Fantasy Bras worth $9 million combined, and she was named the most valuable face in the brand's history earlier this year. Even more awe-inspiring is the fact she opened her fifth VS show in 2012 less than two months after giving birth to her second daughter. Given all of that, it’s fair to say that Lima knows more than the average person about keeping her body in the best possible shape. Ahead of her travels to Shanghai later this month for the 2017 edition of the annual scantily-clad event, CR caught up with the OG-Angel for all her pearls of health and wellness wisdom. Can you remember how you felt before you walked your first Victoria’s Secret show in 1999? I was in total shock and completely scared, but everyone was so amazing. I remember looking around and seeing all of the Angels of that time like Heidi [Klum] and Tyra [Banks]. I must have really loved it, because here I am still! How do you feel about the event in Shanghai this year? I am always nervous before walking in any show. People are surprised to hear that, but I’m human, too. How far in advance did you start preparing for it? As a model I need to be ready all year long so I train consistently. For about two months leading up to VS every year, I train even harder and eat a little bit leaner. I also try not to eat too many sweets, but it’s really hard because they are my favorite thing.   Ohhh shit! GOOD MORNING WORLD! Time to kick ass mf 💪🏼👊🏼🔥💥#teamlima #verizon 🔥 A post shared by  Adriana Lima (@adrianalima) on Apr 1, 2017 at 4:33am PDT  What does your workout routine look like at the moment?  I’ve been switching things up a little bit. I love boxing, but more recently I’ve been doing a lot of circuit training and running. I've found that keeping fit on the road is really challenging. I always want to try new types of food that may not be all that healthy. The key to balancing this is keeping my body active. If I have a gym at my hotel, I'll wake up and do a quick workout, or I'll run outside as a way to see the place that I’m visiting. Another good trick of mine is packing a jumprope and doing ten minutes in my room first thing in the morning to get my heart rate up. What’s your in-flight routine? Depending on how long the flight is, I'll sleep, watch movies, snack on fruit and—most importantly—drink lots of water. To cure jet lag I try and get my body to adjust to the schedule of wherever I am in the world as soon as possible. What do you eat everyday to stay healthy? I love smoothies, fresh fruit, and veggies. I also take a daily vitamin and drink lots of different herbal teas to help purify my body. It doesn't bounce back the way it used after having kids, so I have to workout really hard to be in good shape in addition to being a tired mother. What advice would you give to other new moms trying to get in shape? Don’t be too hard on yourself and listen to your body—it will tell you when it’s ready to workout again. Work hard, but make sure not to deprive your body of necessary nutrients, because it’s really important to keep your energy up to hit the gym.  ITS SHOW TIME! 🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄 A post shared by  Adriana Lima (@adrianalima) on Nov 30, 2016 at 7:46am PST What’s your greatest indulgence? I make a really good Brazilian dish called feijoada. I could eat Brazilian food forever, of course. Also, I love chocolate molten cake. I can’t get enough of it! Do you have any pre-show rituals? Not really. I just say a little prayer and hit the runway. After the show, I’ll celebrate with lots of food and dancing with all of my other Angels. 
From: CR Fashion Book

 "Please know that things would have been different if my control of the situation was different." Gigi Hadid recently became the center of backlash after her new Vogue Italia cover appeared to show her with darkened skin. After the image—photographed by Steven Klein—was unveiled on social media yesterday, commenters pointed out that the 22-year-old model didn't look like herself, and some even accused the publication of blackface.   This afternoon, Hadid responded to the backlash with a message on social media. In a lengthy message, she pointed out the lack of creative control she had over the cover, apologized to those she offended, and urged the fashion industry to push for more diversity moving forward.  pic.twitter.com/MAYix18Wrk Read Gigi's message below in full:  Hadid shared her note with a paparazzi photo of herself from the day of the shoot, showing how bronzed she was when her photos were taken. She's covered up in a hoodie and hiding her face with her hand and a pair of sunglasses, but it's evident that her face looked bronzer than usual. 
 You can finally shop the highly-anticipated collaboration.  It's been nearly a year since Gucci and legendary Harlem couturier Dapper Dan began working together and now, the duo's first collaborative collection is finally here. Inspired by the streets of Harlem and Dapper Dan's custom pieces from his '80s archives, the collab ranges from apparel to footwear, eyewear, leather bags, and more. Accompanying the collection, which is officially available to shop online at gucci.com today, is a series of photographs shot by Ari Marcopoulo in the streets of Harlem. Featuring over 40 portraits, the Gucci x Dapper Dan lookbook manages to perfectly combine the spirit of the Harlem designer with the Italian fashion house. Click through to see and shop the collection in full.  Featuring an astounding 300+ pieces, the Gucci x Dapper Dan collection includes everything from apparel to shoes, eyewear, leather bags, hats and more.  SHOP GUCCI X DAPPER DAN NOW Dapper Dan first made a name for himself in the 1980s with his custom made-to-order pieces that repurposed logos from luxury fashion houses like Gucci, Louis Vuitton, and more into new, hip hop-inspired designs. He was forced to close his famous Harlem boutique in 1992 after being sued by several major brands.  Earlier this year, Gucci partnered with Dan to reopen his iconic Harlem atelier on Lenox Ave. The appointment-only shop allowed customers to get bespoke garments designed by Dapper Dan using Gucci raw materials, fabrics, prints, embroidered patches, and hardware. The Gucci x Dapper Dan lookbook features a combination of both models and Harlem locals wearing the new collection in the neighborhood.  SHOP GUCCI X DAPPER DAN NOW SHOP GUCCI X DAPPER DAN NOW SHOP GUCCI X DAPPER DAN NOW SHOP GUCCI X DAPPER DAN NOW SHOP GUCCI X DAPPER DAN NOW
 Their high-waisted design is both flattering and extra comfortable.  Regardless of whether or not you're into yoga, chances are you own more than a handful of yoga pants. Not only are they super versatile and totally comfortable, the right type of style can seriously flatter your figure.  While many people are accustomed to dropping $100 plus on yoga pants, there are also plenty of affordable options out there — including this best-selling style on Amazon that will set you back less than 20 bucks. The ODODOS High Waist Out Pocket Yoga Pants Tummy Control Workout Running 4 Way Stretch Yoga Leggings have received a whopping average of 4.2 stars from over 4,000 Amazon reviewers — 62% of reviews even gave them a perfect rating. Not only are they the best-selling item in Women's Sports Tights & Leggings category, but they're also the number two seller in Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry overall. Want to know why? The stretchy leggings, available in pretty much every shade imaginable, are made out of a four-way stretch, non-see through and dry-wicking fabric. According to reviewers, not only do they hug your curves in all the right places, but their high, thick waistband even keeps the dreaded muffin-top at bay. They also wick sweat and feature a convenient outside pocket for your phone, which one reviewer revealed can fit an entire bottle of champagne. What's even better? Women of all sizes — small to XXL — are raving about them. "The material is made well, not easy to rip or tear. The pocket provides a convenient place to put your phone!" raves one reviewer. "These are very comfortable, slimming, and the pocket is wonderful," wrote another. And, the best part about shopping on Amazon is that Prime members always receive free shipping on eligible items as well as free returns. ODODOS also offers a 30-day, no questions asked return policy, so if they don't fit right or you don't love them, you aren't required to keep them.  
  
From: Prevention US

 The historically stylized place is now accepting reservations. Serial killer Andrew Cunanan murdered Gianni Versace on the front steps of the fashion designer's Miami Beach mansion in 1997, and now those stone steps provide the backdrop for dozens of tourist photos on a daily basis.  But not only can tourists (and fans of FX's upcoming American Crime Story miniseries, which focuses on the murder) photograph the house, they can stay there overnight. Scroll down for a look inside the boutique luxury hotel known as the Villa Casa Casuarina. In 1992, Versace purchased the original house for $2.95 million and the Revere Hotel next door for $3.7 million. He spent an astonishing $32 million on renovations that included demolishing the Revere to make way for a pool, garden, and new south wing of the home. The designer built an additional two suites in the south wing. Above, the Venus Suite, was where his sister Donatella Versace stayed. Rates for one-bedroom suites today start at $1,199 per night. In addition to the guestrooms, it operates the restaurant Gianni's, which "offers a delicious blend of Italian and Mediterranean food and wine selections." Decadent dishes include gnocchi di granchio, with New Orleans blue crab, vermouth wine, shallots, parmigiano-reggiano, truffles, and filetto di manzo rossini, with eight-ounce Wagyu filet mignon, pomme confit, grilled asparagus, pan-seared foie gras, and Bordelaise jus. Producer Ryan Murphy told the New York Post he couldn’t believe that he received permission to shoot the series there. "I don’t think I could have made the show if I couldn’t have gotten that house,” he said. “There was no way you could build [a set] of it. Two of the rooms were made out of seashells. [Gianni Versace’s sister] Donatella [Versace] took all the furniture and the art when she sold the house, but through pictures we were able to recreate them." "We actually have preserved what Versace created here and just augmented it with some modern touches for the convenience of our hotel guests and restaurant patrons," Chauncey Copeland, the hotel’s general manager, told the Associated Press. What are you waiting for? Book Now 
From: Town & Country US

 These personal pieces are just for her. Even the most accepting mom can be tricky to shop for. After all, the woman is a saint—and she deserves the very best. Here, the prettiest customizable jewelry, bags, and stationery to show her how much you care. Anya Hindmarch Bespoke Double Zip Walletanyahindmarch.com$465.00 SHOP Emboss this zippered coin purse with mom’s initials or—better yet—a hand-scripted love note. Ariel Gordon 14K Gold ID Signet Cuffarielgordonjewelry.com$1,245.00 SHOP For the mom who doesn’t like a lot of bling, this delicate golden cuff is just the thing. Halo Home HH For Pickard Small Round Covered Boxhalohomebyksw.com$95.00 SHOP Precious keepsakes find their perfect home in this sweet little jewelry box. Jasmine and Will Monogrammed PJ Setjasmineandwill.com$123.00 SHOP A crisp new set of pajamas in classic white cotton with navy trim is made even prettier with the addition of initials in oversized script. Juniper Books Personalized 8 Book Classic Setjuniperbooks.com$350.00 SHOP The ultimate gift for a lover of literature: Her eight favorite books, all bound together with personalized covers. Marks and Graham Monogrammed Terminal 1 Carry-onmarksandgraham.com$199.00 SHOPLuxe leather details and a sleek cream finish ensure she’ll want to show it off—even in the TSA line. Parker Thatch Eye Maskparkerthatch.com$48.00 SHOP A super cozy eye mask encourages something everyone—especially a busy mom—needs: catching up on much needed Zzzs. Pickett’s Press Julie Woods Note Cardpickettspress.com$688.00 SHOP An intricate floral motif and heavyweight paper stock make these customizable notecards extra special. The Daily Edit Ink Navy Cross Body Bagthedailyedit.com$150.00 SHOP The ladylikesilhouette, gorgeous red leather, and gold details elevate this bag to sophisticated heights. This notable ring is a classic choice for a reason: Looks great with everything and never goes out of style.
 These are the statement-making pieces you'll be wearing all season long. As temperatures start to drop, it's time to start thinking about the essential pieces you should be shopping to freshen up your fall wardrobe. From updated denim classics to rich red statement-making pieces, these are the hottest trends to help elevate your look this season.  This season's Canadian tuxedo redux calls for high-waisted jeans and an oversize jacket. Accent with silver jewelry and pointy '80s throwback pumps.  From left clockwise: Levi's jeans, $65, levi.com; AG jacket, $245, agjeans.com; Dior ring, price upon request, dior.com; Louis Vuitton earrings, $1,990, louisvuitton.com; Khaite jeans, $320, theline.com; Guess jacket, $198, similar styles available at shop.guess.com; Monse shoe, $890, similar styles available at farfetch.com.  Revamp the Belle de Jour classic with hoodies, dark-wash denim, and other street-smart layering pieces. High-heeled cap-toed boots and a studded carryall complete the quietly subversive look.  From left clockwise: Chanel boot, $1,450, chanel.com; T by Alexander Wang hoodie, $350, alexanderwang.com; Mounser earrings, $175, barneys.com; Burberry trench coat, $3,595, similar styles available at burberry.com; Valentino Garavani bag, $3,245, similar styles available at valentino.com; Mother jeans, $228, motherdenim.com.  Swap your bright crimson lipstick for a deep burgundy or oxblood. Sultry dark red lips dress up this season's go-anywhere jeans.  Maybelline New York Color Sensational The Loaded Bolds Lipstick in Midnight Merlot, $8, maybelline.com.  SHOP Fresh takes on the Westernwear staple like steel-toe Chelsea boots and booties and mules with architectural stacked heels offer a modish appeal that feels more rock 'n' roll than rodeo.  From left clockwise: Proenza Schouler mule, $829, farfetch.com; Céline boot, $1,150, celine.com; Calvin Klein 205W39NYC boot, $995, calvinklein.com.  Smarten up destroyed denim with a timeless trench.  H&M; trench coat, $129, similar styles available at hm.com. SHOP  Guess jeans, $108, similar styles available at shop.guess.com. SHOP Forget formal dress codes. Layer a LBD over frayed-hem jeans and add sparkling accessories for the ultimate day-to-play uniform.  From left clockwise: AG jeans, $325, agjeans.com; Guess bomber jacket, $98, similar styles available at shop.guess.com; Kenneth Jay Lane earrings, $125,kennethjaylane.com; Kate Spade New York dress, $448, similar styles available at katespade.com; Chloé shoe, $920, similar styles available at chloe.com.  Keep a close watch on your heart with Pierpaolo Piccioli's witty riff on the Rockstud evening bag.  Valentino Garavani minaudiére, $2,675, similar styles available at shopbazaar.com.  SHOP
 The dresses drop on the e-retailer's site today. For the first time ever, Diane von Furstenberg will be offering plus-sized clothing exclusively through online luxury retailer, 11 Honoré. The partnership has produced DVF's most iconic and universally flattering style, the wrap dress, selling at $568 in three different prints pulled straight from the DVF archive. Feel flirty in bold hot pink floral, or amp your confidence for that Monday morning meeting in a retro-inspired black and white houndstooth pattern. And, if all else fails, you can always fall back on that trusted leopard print, which will surely get you kicking for some weekend drinks with your girlfriends. The dresses will come in sizes 14-24. It's an epoch-making moment for both the acclaimed Belgian fashion designer and the rapidly growing commerce site. Since its 2017 founding, 11 Honoré has stamped a place for itself amongst luxury vendors and fashion houses, bringing size-inclusivity into the sartorial limelight. DVF, which was the most highly requested brand by 11 Honoré buyers according to a spokesperson, is just the latest to join the inclusivity conversation. "For me, my number one objective and priority on a daily basis is just to provide the same options that straight size women have," said 11 Honoré co-founder Patrick Herning while speaking to Forbes this past January. "And that’s really why I get out of bed everyday - pushing brands to go up in their sizing, bringing brands onto this platform, and evangelizing that this customer does exist. We have proven it." Other notable designers featured on 11 Honoré's site include Brandon Maxwell, Derek Lam, Marc Jacobs, Zac Posen, and Veronica Beard. After the Diane von Furstenberg launch, luxury pieces from Carolina Herrera, and GANNI are also expected to sell plus-sized pieces through the e-retailer. 
 Further proof that this supermodel is an absolute legend. Supermodel Naomi Campbell is a legend–plain and simple–but the CFDA has decided to mark her iconic standing in fashion history. Today, the Council of Fashion Designers of America announced that Campbell will be the 2018 recipient of their Fashion Icon Award, The Cut reports. The honor will be awarded to Naomi on June 4th, at the CFDA Awards ceremony.  Campbell joins the ranks of her friends and famous faces that have received the same honor: Rihanna, Beyoncé, David Bowie, Pharrell Williams and Kate Moss have all been declared CFDA "icons" in years past. And this year feels decidedly different for the council's annual award show, with streetwear designers nominated in both the menswear and womenswear categories. Virgil Abloh was nominated for both awards, and James Jebbia of Supreme was recognized alongside Abloh, Thom Browne, Tom Ford and Raf Simons for menswear. This year will feature the award show's first-ever female host, Issa Rae, and designers Diane Von Furstenberg, Narciso Rodriguez and Carolina Herrera will all receive nods for Positive Change, Lifetime Achievement and the Founder's Award respectively. In a year where she spent much time honoring the legacy of her brother, Gianni, Donatella Versace will receive the International Award. The ceremony will take place at the Brooklyn Museum this June, and will welcome the industry's top talent, CFDA board members and the celebrity guests of the nominees, all clad in their custom designs for the night. As for Naomi Campbell, we're hoping she shows up in an archive piece from Azzedine Alaïa, to honor the designer she considered a father figure, who passed away in late 2017. 
 The Comme Si founder talks building her accessory brand from scratch, and what she’s learned along the way.   In business as in fashion, attention to detail is what separates the good from the great—and if anyone understands the value of sweating the small stuff, it’s Jenni Lee. In March, the Brooklyn-based entrepreneur launched Comme Si, a line of Italian-made socks designed to feel as good as they look. “My whole vision was that socks should be a functional luxury piece in your wardrobe. You should feel like you can wear them like an accessory,” she says. With semi-sheer crew-length pairs in ribbed silk and Egyptian cotton, her wares look equally at home peeking out from a sneaker as they do a leather loafer or even a pair of chunky slides. Lee is a longtime sock aficionado herself, accumulating high-quality pairs on summer trips to Korea because there was no reliable place at home to find more. “I had a few that were this beautiful pale pink, and super soft and super thin… but I was like, ‘If I lost these, theres no way I can find this exact shade of this exact material,” she says.   At the time, she was leading the marketing team at Harry’s, the direct-to-consumer shaving company, and watching the sock category become a hotspot for direct-to-consumer startups—most of them geared toward male shoppers and athletic or novelty styles. She spotted a gap in the market for a more minimal, elevated line for women and set out to fill it.  “I had lots of conversations with the founders of Harry’s, who are my mentors, about my career goals and realized, ‘You know what, my life dream is to be a CEO/founder. I want to launch and run my own business” she recalls. “They were incredibly supportive about that decision.” The cultural moment also felt right to strike out on her own, with spaces like The Wing supporting female entrepreneurs and women like Emily Weiss of Glossier and Jen Rubio of Away (both of whom Lee had met through the startup world) achieving incredible success. “I thought, ‘You know, maybe I could do this too.’” 
  Lee left Harry’s at the end of 2017 and took a few months to recalibrate—time that, she says, gave her full appreciation for the creative process and for days when “you might not actually be producing something, but you’re definitely thinking and getting to that next stage.” First, she had to find manufacturing partners, so she tapped into her network to learn the ropes of supply-chain operations. She made a list of 127 potential factories (Lee is a big list person) and started cold-emailing and calling them one by one. Most she spoke with specifically produced athletic socks, and when she said she wanted semi-sheer, they directed her to hosiery factories. These didn’t fit the bill either, as they typically used nylon and polyurethane, synthetics she was hoping to avoid. By May, she was running out of options. She had a vacation to Italy planned with her husband, but none of the factories there had responded to her—with the exception of one angry email saying her questions were too intrusive. “So my husband says, ‘OK, well, why don’t we just go and basically knock down doors?’”   Game on: Lee and her husband mapped out factories across the northern region, which is known for textile manufacturing, and rented a car to drive to each of them. Finally, Lee’s luck kicked in. The first factory they stopped at was the perfect fit—an owner who cared about quality and, like her, wouldn’t compromise on ethics or materials. “We had a conversation and I left thinking, ‘This is our partner!’” With a manufacturer locked in, she was able to start building the rest of the brand. She made a list of potential brand names that met her specifications; she wanted a short phrase (“I find phrases to just have more potential to be emotive”) that had not only some kind of meaning, but also an available URL and Instagram handle. Comme Si fit the bill, with its relation to the French phrase meaning “as though,”  “like,” or “as is.” “I liked this idea that it’s this filler phrase that kind of connects a sentence together but also is very casual,” she says, reasoning that with socks, “They’re not the main focus in most people’s outfits, but they are something that makes a difference, and if you care about them, other people will notice.” Lee also sought out women and people of color for jobs like web design and engineering, because she wanted diversity to be part of the DNA of Comme Si from the beginning. And through a partnership with The Wing and Range Rover Evoque, Lee was linked up with Natalia Oberti Noguera, the founder and CEO of Pipeline Angels, “a network of women and femme angel investors focused on funding women and femme entrepreneurs.”  “I founded this brand with very specific values in mind and that's something I intend to put first and foremost as I continue to grow my business.”  Oberti Noguera agreed that Lee’s focus on diversity was crucial to her brand. “It was reassuring to leave the meetings with Natalia, confirming that, if there are values and certain things that are really important to me, I shouldn’t sacrifice them,” says Lee. “I founded this brand with very specific values in mind and that’s something I intend to put first and foremost as I continue to grow my business.” For her first collection, she drew upon the colors of her home state of Arizona for inspiration. “As an adult, I’ve had a newfound appreciation for growing up in the desert,” she says. When Lee was a kid, she saw the cacti in her front yard and longed for the Christmas trees of Home Alone. “Now, when I visit I’m like: ‘Wow, this is so unique.’ I don't know anywhere else in the world where you can actually see the land meet the sky for vast expanses, and the colors look like a watercolor painting.” She figured customers would probably gravitate toward the bold colors, like “arancia,” a warm sunset-orange, and “saguaro,” an earthy cactus green. Instead, she’s found that there are two camps: those who love the attention-grabbing hues, and another that sticks to neutrals.   Mostly, she says, the Comme Si customer is “a career-driven woman who’s really intentional about the brands that she buys. She’s probably graduated from buying fast-fashion and is buying a few investment pieces here and there.” She also likely invests in nice underwear and lingerie—items that, like socks, are “in the family of things that are really close to your body that you wear all day long, and that you should probably care about.” This fall will bring merino wool and 100% cashmere, the samples of which are so soft that she hasn’t wanted to take them off, even in 90-degree weather. She’s also planning to launch a line for men after fielding enough emails and DMs from guys wanting to know whether they can fit into the larger women’s size.  As for everything else, she’s taking it one (very well dressed) step at a time. Worn throughout: Veronica Beard blazer; The Line by K bodysuit; Vince shorts; Musier shoes; Comme Si socks; Carolina Santo Domingo bag; Enki sunglasses
 The original "It" bag has a very glam past... This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Fendi celebrated the relaunch of the Baguette with a party in a space dedicated to the It bag of the late '90s and early 2000s during New York Fashion Week. The Silvia Venturini Fendi-designed bag was first introduced in 1997 and became a fashion mainstay thanks in part to its special guest star status on Sex and the City.  Guests at NYFW party at the Madison Avenue flagship included Emma Roberts, Amanda Seyfried, Ebonee Davis, and Nina Agdal. Get the full history of this chic mini bag, which was designed with form rather than pure function in mind, and shop it below. 
 Maxine Bédat of the New Standard Institute assesses the practices of 13 fashion brands that claim to be sustainable. What does it really mean for a fashion brand to be “sustainable”? Some companies tout their use of recycled and reclaimed fibers, or their use of natural (non-petroleum based) raw materials, while others focus on timeless designs and artisanal labor, or their reduction of energy and water consumption. But these definitions lead down very different paths.  Recycled polyester (a.k.a. material made from recycled plastic), for example, has become synonymous with “sustainability” despite available data suggesting that it may have a higher carbon footprint than natural fiber—not to mention the micro-plastic pollution it generates. Because there is no global fashion industry standard for sustainability, companies large and small continue to label their products “sustainable,” when in fact, they still impact the environment on the following fronts: energy, water, chemical use, and impacts on forests and biodiversity. To steer the industry on a more sustainable course, New Standard Institute analyzed the brands best known for their low impact on the environment. How do they stack up? Use the key below to see how sustainable they really are: How they define sustainability: "We put sustainability at the center of everything we do. It is an evolving goal and definition, and we don’t have all the answers. But we want to focus on efforts that have the biggest impact. It influences four main areas: product, people, planet, progress." The brand has also been carbon-free since 2015 and offers a $100 credit to anyone who switches to wind energy.  How they define sustainability: “We use responsibly sourced organic, recycled and regenerated materials whenever possible. We work to minimize the negative impacts associated with manufacturing and to ensure that all people involved are treated fairly and respectfully along the way.” How they define sustainability: “There are 8 billion tons of plastic on the planet. And once it’s made—it never goes away. So, we’re making a commitment: No new plastic in our entire supply chain by 2021.”  How they define sustainability: "All Kowtow garments are certified by non-profit internationally recognized organizations. Independent audits and accreditation bodies ensure we remain true to our values. We support fair wages, no child labor, gender equality and grower community." How they define sustainability: "Leaving the world a better place than when we found it." How they define sustainability: Veja was founded as a social good company. They have direct relationships with the suppliers across their supply chain. How they define sustainability: “All materials are sourced with an eye toward environmental good, whether organic and natural fabrics, reclaimed fibers that conserve material resources or trims made by artisan collectives in the developing world. While it’s an evolving process, one we’re continually striving to improve, each piece in the collection embodies a singular philosophy: that mindful living will always be in style.” How they define sustainability: "The collection is made from organic cotton and by using technologies such as Green Screen certified fabric softeners, ozone washes, laser finishing, e-flow washing, bio-based softeners and recipe combinations, we are able to reduce our water use by over 60 percent." How they define sustainability: The H&M Group releases a full, in-depth sustainability report each year. "Our sustainability vision is to use our size and scale for good, and with the help of technology and innovation, lead the change towards circular and renewable fashion while being a fair and equal company."  How they define sustainability: Leather used is animal byproduct; they have personal relationships with the farmers that supply their goods; they use vegetable dyes, recycled denim and used car tires; diversity in employees across globe; shoes are mostly made by hand as opposed to machine; efforts to reduce carbon footprint with shipping methods.  How they define their sustainability efforts: “Fewer, better is the philosophy behind everything we do. We create timeless collections for the modern woman through carefully selected fabrics, precise silhouettes and attention to detail.” How they define sustainability: “We are working towards a Global Environmental Policy to monitor, control and review environmental impacts and drive continuous improvements. We encourage our suppliers to be aware, concede to and implement their environmental responsibilities according to our Global Environmental Policy.” How they define sustainability: “Highest quality materials and ethically run factories.”
 😍😍😍 Cara Delevingne may be busy promoting her new book and starring in must-see movies, but the It Brit recently returned to her modeling roots for Jimmy Choo's latest campaign.  In a new editorial and short film, Delevingne sports what the brand touts as "unisex" flats and super-sparkly boots from its Cruise 2018 collection. The fur-lined, beaded and glitter-clad styles arrive just in time for the holidays. The flat, androgynous designs are from Jimmy Choo's "Borrowed from the Boys" collection, which offers a range of men's loafers in women's sizes. The iteration Delevingne wears in the new campaign is the Tedi, which is accented with rabbit fur. There's also the velvet-covered Marti and crystal-encrusted Marlo styles.  The model and actress, who has previously opened up about her fluid sexuality, elaborated on androgyny in fashion. "As I feel about life, being male or female is less 'opposite' now than it ever has been," she said in an interview for Jimmy Choo.  "I don’t think it’s necessarily about picking something that a man would wear. I think it’s about feeling comfortable whether it is masculine or feminine."  That applies to more than just footwear. "If you decide to wear a suit I don’t think that necessarily has to be a masculine thing to wear," Delevingne added. "To master that look, it’s just about being comfortable with whatever you feel that day whether you decide to wear a ball gown or you decide to wear whatever you think a man would wear." The bulk of the new collection, however, focuses on glam, blinged-out heels, which Jimmy Choo is best known for.  Jimmy Choo Maine boots, $1,875, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Jimmy Choo Hanover booties, $995, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Jimmy Choo Moore sandals, $1,995, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Jimmy Choo Belle crystal booties, $1,995, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Jimmy Choo Lancer pumps, $795, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Jimmy Choo Brandon sock bootie, $895, nordstrom.com. SHOP Watch a clip of Cara's campaign video below.  
 
 In 6 months, SVNR hasn't even accumulated enough trash to fill a Ziploc bag. One of fashion’s most pressing topics of discussion in 2018 was how to cut back on the industry’s excessive waste while still creating new products. Everlane introduced a collection made entirely of recycled plastic bottles, brands like Burberry and H&M signed the New Plastics Economy Global Commitment to reduce plastic pollution, and now, an up-and-coming earring brand is looking to expand the eco-conscious mission to the jewelry industry.   Christina Tung didn't exactly mean to create her own sustainable jewelry brand. But while stuck inside on a rainy Memorial Day Weekend, the fashion publicist decided to play around and make a few pieces of jewelry for friends. After someone posted the earrings on Instagram, requests started flooding in from buyers and industry insiders and soon after, SVNR (pronounced souvenir) was born. Made entirely of repurposed beads, shells, and natural materials, the rising brand is bringing a new range of unique, handmade earrings to the jewelry scene—without placing a burden on the environment.  "I use exclusively natural materials and upcycled and repurposed beads, mostly from my mom, aunties, and friends who've been donating their collections of shells, beads, etc. If you know me, you know I hate waste, I think that everything can be re-purposed or re-used in some way.  Being zero waste right now is a very important part of my process," Tung told BAZAAR.com.  In fact, the designer's dedication to creatively up-cycle all of SVNR's earrings has generated virtually no pollution at all. "In the last 6 months, SVNR hasn't even accumulated enough trash to fill a Ziploc bag.   The world doesn't need more stuff, but we can make something cute from already existing stuff and hopefully ease the footprint on the environment," she revealed.   "The world doesn't need more stuff, but we can make something cute from already existing stuff and hopefully ease the footprint on the environment."   The earrings, which are sold individually or as pairs, range in price from $40 - $150. Along with the recycled component, SVNR's designs are also special in another way: they each pay nod to a mix of cultures across the globe. With styles named after destinations like Lagos, Nairobi, and Havana, each SVNR earring is inspired by a city around the world—from the designer's own personal travels to her bucket list getaways.  "I hope to really evoke a color palette, textures, and somehow capture the light because it  feels different in every city at a specific time of year.  I take a lot of photos when I travel, so I'll look at them and think about the colors and relationship to the textures and opacity to balance out the feeling of the photo and how I remember it," Tung explained. With its specially hand-made designs, the brand's range of pieces make for the perfect way to break anyone out of their earring comfort zone—without increasing your carbon footprint. 
 Nathan Jenden takes on the role, following Jonathan Saunder's resignation last month. Update, 1/4/18: Diane von Furstenberg has named Nathan Jenden its new chief design officer and VP, the company announced today. Jenden previously served as DVF’s creative director from 2001 to 2010, Business of Fashion reports. His return to the role comes about a month after Jonathan Saunders stepped down from the position in December 2017. “Nathan is an extremely talented and technically skilful designer who also has a great gift at surrounding himself with young, emerging talent,” founder Diane von Furstenberg said in a statement. “It is with joy and pride that I look forward to welcoming Nathan back at DVF.” “I want to make great clothes that resonate with women,” added Jenden. “I see DVF as being more relevant today than it ever was in its message of self-empowerment while being dynamic and modern. I want to give the DVF girl what she wants, when she wants it, and with the joie de vivre and sense of purpose that epitomizes Diane, DVF the brand and the spirit of women today.” Jenden’s first collection with DVF will be the Fall 2018 range, debuting in February. Original story, 12/15/17: Jonathan Saunders is stepping down from his role as chief creative officer at Diane von Furstenberg, effective immediately, according to Business of Fashion. The Scottish designer has served as the brand's chief creative officer for just 18 months.  "I am grateful for Diane's support and for the opportunity of guiding this iconic brand. I am so proud of everything we have accomplished in the past 18 months. I thank the incredible team for their dedication and support, and will continue to be a friend and admirer of the brand," Saunders said in a statement.  After putting his own namesake label on hold, Saunders joined the fashion house in May 2016 and has since made a series of changes throughout the brand. Along with revamping the DVF logo, the chief creative officer also moved from traditional runway shows to more low-key presentations during New York Fashion Week.  As for his designs, Saunders's collections for the brand were received well by critics—ushering in a new era of DVF filled with whimsical prints, bold colors, and fresh updates on some of the designer's signature pieces.   We are coming to San Francisco! Visit our pop-up open from Tues Oct 17th - Fri Oct 20th where creativity meets shopping: shop the Fall 17 and Winter 17 collections and screen-print or customize a pair of Levi's jeans on 10.17.17. We will be making a donation in support of the devastation caused by the forest fires in the California area. Click the link in bio to learn more. #DVFStudioxSanFrancisco #DVFFall17 #DVF A post shared by  DVF - Diane von Furstenberg (@dvf) on Oct 14, 2017 at 6:28am PDT “I am so thankful for Jonathan’s beautiful work and the effort and dedication he has put into DVF in the last 18 months. He will leave an important and lasting heritage to the brand,” Diane von Furstenberg said in a statement.  As BoF reports, there was allegedly "some degree of friction" between Saunders and von Furstenberg, due to the fact that the founder remained so involved and close to the brand following his appointment as chief creative officer.  The only question now is: who will take the reigns at DVF? Let the never-ending game of designer musical chairs continue...
 The model shows off her boxing skills.  Ringing in Day 4 of Love Magazine's 2017 advent calendar series is Kendall Jenner, who shows off her boxing skills in a Rocky-inspired video.  Following Ashley Graham's powerful running Day 2 video and Emily Ratajkowski rolling around in spaghetti for Day 3, Kendall steps into the boxing ring for the latest installment of the video series. After chugging a glass of raw eggs, the model breaks a sweat in a gray adidas outfit and sweatband while throwing punches, attempting one-armed push-ups, and jumping rope.  Taking "get you a girl who can do both," to the next level, the model stars as both Rocky Balboa and his girlfriend Adrian in the video. Cheering herself on from the sidelines, Jenner wears a chic black suit, white ruffled blouse and black beret.    The video follows the "Stay Strong" theme of Love's 2017 calendar, which celebrates strong and powerful women. The Philip Poynter-directed series will be spotlighting models showing off their strength all month long in a variety of mini workout videos—taking a departure from the ultra-sexy, lingerie clad videos of the past.  According to the description of Jenner's video, she boxes with her personal trainer Rob Piela (who owns New York's Gotham Gym). Oh, and yes, apparently she did really drink that glass of raw eggs. Impressive. 
 See if Italians really do it better... Milan is known for powerhouses like Gucci and Prada, mixed with some chic up-and-comers like Attico. See where the Italians land for Spring 2019, with only the best from each collection. In theme with their more recent catwalks, Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana tapped a legion of top models and famous faces to walk their Spring 2019 show for a collection that was inspired by DNA. While the designers projected their fingerprints on screens behind the runway, the collection seemed to call more to the brand's DNA than the diversity of their customer base. Bold prints abounded per usual, and last Spring's pea pods and cabbages were replaced with bouquets of blooms, hearts, and even chickens and roosters on full-skirted gowns. The brand's embroidered suiting took center stage this season, and seems a fitting replacement for their stunning gowns. Top Italian talent like Monica Bellucci and Isabella Rossellini joined Carla Bruni, Eva Herzigova, Helena Christensen and Lady Kitty Spencer on the runway, each donning a look that felt unique to what makes their style worthy of a cameo at Milan Fashion Week. – Carrie Goldberg Emporio Armani's sporty sister label felt familiar–but in all the right ways. Fresh, modern takes on brand staples felt inspired by marine life. An opalescent rainbow fish came to mind as models wafted down the runway in scale-like embroidery shimmering on almost-liquid silks. The head-to-toe palette, which mixed ocean grays and blues with bold fuchsia and pearlescent hues, included some killer shoes. A standout was a glittering pointed-toe sheer bootie that made for a fluid pairing with like-textured palazzo pants and midi skirts. PVC accessories and fishnet-esque handbags capped off the aquatic feel, and made us want to head to the beach.  – Carrie Goldberg This is a show that always seems dedicated, first and foremost, to brand loyalists–women that live for a voluminous, asymmetrically-draped blouse or a balloon pant in a bold, statement print. These styling gurus rule the streets of Milan, Florence, Tokyo and downtown NYC, and they'll find tons to lust over in Marni's Spring 2019 offering from newly appointed creative director Francesco Risso. With that in mind, those who aren't accustomed to filling their wardrobes with all things Marni shouldn't shy away from the season's chic, draped dresses, bold and bright statement coats, sleek leather goods, and the brand's signature attention-grabbing jewelry. This is the kind of brand were treasures lurk around every corner–don't be afraid to splurge. – Carrie Goldberg The 65th anniversary of the Missoni brand was high time to showcase what this label does best–knitwear. This season, the brand's fine loom-work was displayed in a palette that was entirely ethereal–from shades of gray and beige to soft whites, jade, and soft indigo, with elements of shimmering sparkle scattered in between. The collection also featured warm weather cloaks, floor-dusters we didn't know we wanted until they were paired with everything from gowns to separates and showcased with and without sleeves, and with shawls for added texture. We'll take one of each, please. – Carrie Goldberg Stella Tennant opened the Ferragamo show in a leather apron hem skirt worn with a simple khaki tee and show-stopping boots. It's hardly Milanese-lady, but doubtlessly made with grown women in mind. There are anoraks and leather shirt dresses, a killer leather jumpsuit. It's all belted and luxe, but sporty and slightly militaristic—women the world over may be in battle mode, and now they have the chic uniform to match. -Kerry Pieri Nearly 4 years into his tenure, Lorenzo Serafini is putting out looks that are nothing short of exactly what all the cool young chicks want to be wearing. All the mainstays are just a little extra special—Bella's black romper plays with volume in all of the right ways, that white lace dress has slits up to there while still maintaining wearability, short shorts get the boheme treatment and that swimsuit meets track jacket is sexy-sporty executed perfectly. Consider it your summer wardrobe, sorted. -Kerry Pieri
 And it's just as empowering as you'd expect.   Serving as stylist and wardrobe advisor to Michelle Obama, it was Meredith Koop who helped define the First Lady’s modern, inclusive, and often groundbreaking style during her time in the White House. Now, Koop is bringing her talents to a project tailor-made for all working women.  For her first-ever partnership with a fashion brand, Koop collaborated with Cuyana on its New Office Collection, a range of pieces that merge the contemporary woman's working wardrobe with her everyday pieces. The brand, known for its "fewer, better things" tagline, wanted to create a streamlined range of essentials that women could wear no matter where they work—from the corporate office to a shared workspace or home office—and transition into their downtime. When it came to conceptualizing and styling the collection, Koop was the perfect choice. "We absolutely admired the way she worked with First Lady Michelle Obama—it was a completely modern approach that married style with substance, which really resonated with us—but Meredith is an expert at styling all kinds of women," Shilpa Shah, co-founder of Cuyana, told BAZAAR.com. "She has a very innate understanding of the modern woman and her need for a versatile wardrobe that can adapt to any situation while helping her remain stylish and most importantly, give her the confidence she needs to succeed." For Koop, the partnership made just as much sense. "I want to work with companies that are like-minded in their view towards not only the environment, but how clothes are made—particularly because so many clothes and accessories are made by women," she told BAZAAR.com. "I think the duality in respecting women is not only in the women that you're selling to or how you represent women in your campaigns, but also how you consider the workforce of women behind the clothing industry." Koop called on four friends who work at The Wing D.C. to star in the Cuyana campaign. "It's cool that we partnered with The Wing because [it's] unique in its intention to bring women together in a professional and personal sense. Really that was chosen as a reflection...people go there and work, they socialize, they have meetings there, they hang out there all day, and take phone calls." Yene Damtew (a personal hairstylist and salon owner), Soumeya Benghanem (chief product officer and founder of Strategy & Action), Sarween Salih (owner of S3 Active), and Kristin Jones (co-founder and partner at Inside Projects) all model the New Office collection for the campaign. The looks include easy-to-wear knits, corporate-appropriate blouses, and a range of leather bags ideal for every woman's wardrobe. “These are women that I know. I chose them because of what they do more than how they look, even though I think they are all very beautiful," Koop explained. "But I think what they do and the way that they are in the world is really the cake and then the way that they look and what they're wearing is the icing on the cake." So, did working with Michelle Obama change Koop's perception of fashion and how she styles women? "Yes, for sure," Koop said, taking a moment to pause before continuing, "My perception of fashion and styling is changing every day. I think that should be true for everyone, because our culture is changing every day. Fashion should reflect that. It shouldn't be a stagnant proposition." 

 She stunned in all white at the designer's first menswear show in Paris.  For his first show as the artistic director of Louis Vuitton Menswear, Virgil Abloh churned out a star-studded front row today in Paris. Amongst the A-listers in attendance (from Kanye West and Kim Kardashian to Bella Hadid and A$AP Rocky), was none other than Rihanna, who was the first to step out in the designer's new pieces for the fashion house.  Arriving at the Grand Palais, Bad Gal Riri stunned in an Abloh-designed white monochromatic look featuring a utility-inspired wide-leg jumpsuit, pointy toe pumps, and angular sunglasses. Accessory-wise, Riri carried Vuitton's newly-launched see-through Keepall duffle bag along with white monogrammed Vuitton bags including the Danube worn as a belt bag and the Petite Boite Chapeau.    On Instagram, she shared a closer look at her all-white ensemble and new LV bags. In her transparent Vuitton duffel bag was an invitation to the Men's Spring 2019 show along with a neon graphic t-shirt that was handed out to guests as the show.   Gusband & wife at the @louisvuitton cookout ✊🏿 A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Jun 21, 2018 at 7:47am PDT Abloh shared a photo of the Vuitton merch being given out at the show on Instagram, along with the sweet backstory behind it. "Like some kids today i started the surreal mission without “fashion school” but a blank t-shirt, a screen printed idea for it and a dream. as a nod to that on every seat is a graphic t-shirt I made the early days @louisvuitton once i learned how to use the photocopier in the office," he wrote.   like some kids today i started the surreal mission without “fashion school” but a blank t-shirt, a screen printed idea for it and a dream. as a nod to that on every seat is a graphic t-shirt I made the early days @louisvuitton once i learned how to use the photocopier in the office. A post shared by @ virgilabloh on Jun 21, 2018 at 2:24am PDT Abloh's debut collection for Louis Vuitton Men's is a significant one as it marks the first time an African-American designer has taken the reins at the French fashion house. To celebrate that moment, Kanye West was also in attendance at the show—which resulted in another powerful and emotional moment: From Rihanna to Kanye and Bella, Virgil already unsurprisingly seems to have an A-list support system in his new role at Louis Vuitton. 
 Because "circus chic" is now a thing.  If 2019 is the year that you're planning your wedding, but you still haven't discovered your perfect wedding gown just yet, then look no further. Thanks to some major inspiration from Celia Kritharioti's Spring Summer 2019 show at Paris Fashion Week, we now know that it's possible to rock helium balloons on your wedding day. Taking to the runway in a sumptuous and strapless pink and white gown, the model's sparkly veil was elevated in the air thanks to a plethora of transparent balloons filled with what looked like pink polka dot confetti. The iconic moment that was everyone's new favorite wedding look took the runway and was shared on Twitter by Ms. Laurent. And, for added effect, the model's walk was accompanied by circus music, because if you can't be a little extra on your wedding day, when can you be? 
  The show-stopping look saw the stunning veil lifted, via helium, into the air, smoothly moving as the model walked her dramatic, candy-colored dress down the runway:   Basically, if you were all out of ideas for making an unexpectedly dramatic entrance at your nuptials, then this is definitely an option. Plus if "circus chic" is one of your passions, then this Haute Couture moment makes a serious case for walking down the aisle to an unforgettable and surprising piece of music: This isn't the first Haute Couture bridal look to grace Paris Fashion Week. Chanel's take on the beach wedding included an intricately bejeweled one-piece swimsuit, with a matching swimcap, which closed out their Paris show this week: SUBSCRIBE
 The teenager talks about the importance of normalizing Photoshop-free bodies and more. Earlier this year, Aerie expanded its #AerieReal Role Model program with an empowering campaign starring Yara Shahidi, Aly Raisman and Iskra Lawrence. Now, the brand ambassadors are back with another set of inspiring ads—this time starring alongside their own role models: their mothers. The timely pre-Mother's Day campaign was particularly special to Yara Shahidi, who starred alongside her mom Keri. Despite being just 18 years old, the actress has already built her career on inspiring and empowering young women—which fits perfectly into both elements of this project: Aerie's brand ethos and working with her mother.  "Shooting the campaign with my mom was so much fun," Shahidi told BAZAAR.com, "I mean, we started in this life together so I feel like it’s just second nature [to work with her]. I think it’s really powerful that Aerie is celebrating our bodies as they are. To be in anything with my mama is a great opportunity."  Keri wears Aerie distressed sweater; Yara wears an Aerie one-piece swimsuit and denim shorts. "My mother was my role model of success and helped me believe that all of my dreams are possible," the teenager said. When asked what the most important thing her mom taught her, Shahidi didn't even have to think twice before answering, "how to maneuver in spaces and realizing that I’m worthy of being in the space that I’m in."  Not only was starring in Aerie's Role Model campaign alongside her mom important, but being part of the brand's ongoing mission to celebrate all bodies is also key to the Grown-ish star. Aerie famously went Photoshop-free in all its campaigns, ads and images back in 2014—a pledge it has stuck to and embraced ever since.  When asked her thoughts on the growing number of women (celebrities included) who feel the need to Photoshop or Facetune their own photos on social media, Yara reminded us all why campaigns like this are so crucial:  "Without criticizing anything that anyone else is doing, I have to say speaking from the positive, it’s important that we have platforms which are saying more than 'your own body is okay' and don’t Photoshop it, but that your own body is absolute perfection just as it is. Because the need to tweak photos doesn’t just stem from one day waking up with that whimsical idea, but the fact that we’re overly critical of ourselves and other people are overly critical of each other so there is that impending pressure [to Photoshop]. So to have a major brand say that we’re going to normalize our bodies is important.” Aerie jumpsuit, $37, SHOP For the 18-year-old, her ongoing work as an Aerie Role Model means more than just another campaign, "I know the feeling I had when I saw my friend Salem [Mitchell], who was in one of Aerie's campaigns, on a large billboard—just that feeling of joy.  I hope that Aerie, as it grows as a brand with this campaign and with being more cognizant of the importance of inclusion in all areas, will have an impact on people like myself who are seeing these billboards and ads and seeing that our bodies are being normalized." She continued, "To be able to be in collaboration with brands that I truly stand behind is important because I feel like it speaks to the idea that fashion is inherently political and so is beauty. So to be able to do the best work that I possibly can in these areas to be a benefit to the world at large, in terms of expanding certain narratives, is important."
 Scoop up these amazing 50% off deals.  Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales may be quickly approaching, but happening now is Moda Operandi's 50% off Friends and Family Sale. Including designers like Lanvin, Tibi, and Rosetta Getty, the fall/winter items include everything from must-have boots to bags, jeans, coats, and more. Using the code 'FRIENDS50,' all the designer sale items are a whopping fifty percent off—which means it's time to start stocking up on your winter wardrobe now. Click through to shop our favorites from the sale.  A.L.C. pants, $395 on sale for $197, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Tibi boots, $595 on sale for $297, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Carven turtleneck sweater, $480 on sale for $240, modaoperandi.com. SHOP 3x1 jeans, $425 on sale for $212, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Beaufille top, $365 on sale for $182, modaoperandi.com. SHOP MSGM blazer, $570 on sale for $285, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Giuseppe Zanotti boots, $845 on sale for $422, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Roberto Cavalli blouse, $900 on sale for $450, modaoperandi.com. SHOP J.W. Anderson bag, $1,690 on sale for $840, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini turtleneck sweater, $465 on sale for $232, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Marni earrings, $530 on sale for $265, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Hellessy blouse, $920 on sale for $460, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Marco de Vincenzo boots, $730 on sale for $365, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Rosetta Getty sweater, $750 on sale for $375, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Oscar de la Renta earrings, $590 on sale for $295, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Johanna Ortiz top, $895 on sale for $447, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Aquazzura boots, $950 on sale for $475, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Agnona coat, $3,995 on sale for $1,995, modaoperandi.com. SHOP The Elder Statesmen cashmere beanie, $515 on sale for $257, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Tibi patent trench, $1,295 on sale for $647, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Maryam Nassir Zadeh mules, $385 on sale for $192, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Emilia Wickstead pants, $825 on sale for $412, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Tome turtleneck, $425 on sale for $212, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Lanvin dress, $2,330 on sale for $1,165, modaoperandi.com. SHOP
 But you better act fast.  Kate Middleton has a wardrobe fit for a Queen (err, a Duchess). But in addition to her crisp shift dresses and whimsical fascinators, the Duchess of Cambridge also has an enviable casual wardrobe. She's frequently spotted in jeans, tees, and sweaters—and a certain pair of Superga sneakers that retail for just $65. And today, you can score her kicks for even less: the Superga 2750 Cotu Classics are part of Amazon's huge Prime Day promotion, and are marked down to just $44.99 in certain color and size combinations. (And honestly, even if your size and preferred color aren't on sale, they're still a steal at full price.) SHOP NOW It's easy to see why Kate loves these shoes. They're comfortable enough to walk in all day long, making them perfect for traveling, shopping, or keeping up with your kids. And they pair well with just about anything in your wardrobe, from jeans and shorts to weekend skirts and dresses.  Kate's been spotted in these sneaks multiple times in the Superga Cotu Classics this last year. Check out her looks below, and get them marked down while you still can. Amazon Prime Day (which is actually 36 hours long this year) ends at 3 a.m. EST on Wednesday, July 18. Note: You need to be a Prime member to score this deal, so sign up for a free trial here if you don't already have an account.  
From: Prevention US

 The 16-year-old hit her first catwalk on Day 1 of New York Fashion Week. Just days after turning 16, Kaia Gerber officially made her big runway debut tonight during New York Fashion Week. For her first show, the teenage daughter of Cindy Crawford walked Calvin Klein Spring 2018.  In her first runway appearance, Kaia wore a black and white silk blouse and bright yellow pants.  Kaia Gerber making her runway debut on the @CalvinKlein Spring 2018 Runway #NYFW pic.twitter.com/g029AIySyL Kaia Gerber, she of Cindy Crawford modeling lore, on the @CalvinKlein runway. #NYFW pic.twitter.com/UHHqT6MZfn Before the show, she shared a picture backstage with fellow model, Lulu.   another bathrobe @calvinklein A post shared by  Kaia (@kaiagerber) on Sep 7, 2017 at 3:28pm PDT Of course, this is hardly the teen's first introduction into the fashion world. Gerber has already fronted a Marc Jacobs Beauty campaign, scored her first solo magazine cover, starred in a fashion film for Miu Miu, and more—all with guidance from her supermodel mom, of course.  Now that Kaia's a force on the runway, get ready to see a lot more of the budding supermodel-in-the-making. 
 "Got my wings!"  Ashley Graham has already proved herself worthy of any lingerie show after hitting the catwalk in Addition Elle underwear for New York Fashion Week in September. And now the 30-year-old model - who is an advocate for healthy body acceptance - appeared to be taking aim at luxury lingerie label Victoria's Secret, who has yet to introduce plus-size models in their annual fashion show.  So Graham turned herself into an honorary Angel by photoshopping a pair of extravagant white wings to an image of herself modelling underwear on the runway during NYFW.  Along with the picture, the curvaceous star added the caption: "Got my wings! my #AdditionElle wings!#thickthighssavelives" The catwalk queen has collaborated with Addition Elle on their underwear line since 2012, with the brand championing "fashion democracy" with their range of clothes and lingerie from size 12-26. Meanwhile, Graham has previously said she would love to take part in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show - which takes place today in Shanghai - if the label were to feature size 12 and above models in their shows. "Oh yeah. I mean when Victoria's Secret calls me and asks me to be on their runway I am going to say yes," she told TMZ.  The models who are featuring in the show include Bella Hadid, Martha Hunt, Adriana Lima, Stella Maxwell, Elsa Hosk, Alessandra Ambrosio, Lily Aldridge, Lais Ribeiro, Sara Sampaio, Josephine Skriver, Romee Strijd, Candice Swanepoel, Jasmine Tookes, and Karlie Kloss.  There will be performances from Harry Styles, Miguel, Leslie Odom Jr. and Chinese pop sensation Jane Zhang.  Meanwhile, Chrissy Teigen was angling for an invite to star in the show, and recruited fans on social media to make it happen.  Here's to Chrissy and Ashley getting their well-deserved invite next year. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Move over summer and fall, we're ready for cozy coats and fireside chats... From teddy coats to puffy jackets, denim hybrids and lined trenches—these are the coats that feel extra special.  A great teddy bear jacket should be on every fashion essentials list—it's the perfect mix of style and utility. The Arrivals jacket, $1,295, thearrivals.com. SHOP NOW Keep it cozy and cool in a jacket that will look just as chic with coordinating jeans as it would toughening up a floral dress.  While not for the wallflower, this bold orange coat makes for a chic entrance—and will keep you warm all winter to boot. Make a statement in prep-friendly plaid done up in red, white and blue. We love this as a weekend look in the country with a fantastic pair of boots. Joseph coat, $1,425, shopbop.com SHOP NOW A little bit '50s, a lot sweet—we adore this buttoned-up baby in blue. Go for kitten heels to nail down the retro vibe or turn it on its head with patent leather knee high boots. Haven't you heard? Tiger print is the new leopard. Turn heads and embrace the stares in this major cacoon coat. Embrace the winter white look in a wrap coat worn with white jeans or trousers—you'll become an actual vision. This padded coat is all high fashion with the cozy factor of down padding. Hints of plaid only help sell it. Consider it the trench gone a little extra. We love the fur and plaid details of this standout. Every girl worth her style salt needs a major black coat in her closet arsenal. Let this investment piece pay for itself in cost per wear. The military trend is only getting bigger. Get in on it in a polished way that plays with textures. The Coat coat, $780, thecoat.com. SHOP NOW We're here for the '90s skater vibes this puffy jacket is putting out. While jeans are the obvious choice to pair it with, have fun with sleek athleisure separates as well. Isabel Marant Etoile coat, $1,075, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW
 The ultimate Icy Girl takes us shoe shopping. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. You know "Icy Girl" Saweetie (aka Diamonte Harper), as the up-and-coming artist behind the fashion-forward EP High Maintenance, which the rapper dropped last week. In Bazaar's exclusive catch-up with ICY GRL herself, we got Saweetie's guide to all things ice, and now, we're shoe shopping with the star to find out which designer heels are Icy Girl-approved. Can't stop won't stop get guapChillin' with Bazaar and you know we tip topSaks Fifth Avenue, shopping 'til I dropAll these shoes hella fly, girl, you know I'm 'bout to cop Hanging out with Bazaar Senior Fashion Editor Chrissy Rutherford, Saweetie is on the hunt for the perfect pair of fly, bougie, classy shoes to rock at an upcoming event in celebration of High Maintenance. Making their way around Saks Fifth Avenue's decked-out designer shoe showroom, the infamous ICY GRL admits that she's fairly new to the high-fashion shoe game, recalling that her first pair of high heels were "probably just some cheap bulky platform shoes." Despite her new-girl status, Saweetie proves 100 percent in her element surrounded by all things fancy. The artist even eyes an especially extra pair of $990 Miu Miu cheetah fur-lined slides adorned with white pearls, which she admiringly dubs "fly bear mama" kicks—obviously, ICY GRL-approved. To narrow down her contenders, Saweetie sits down to try on some fresh designer kicks, looking for the pair that'll be the perfect match with her bossy silver-studded black Moschino suit. The footwear options are delightfully varied, from trendy black-and-white Balenciaga boots and pretty bow-tie Prada kitten heels, to sparkly stilettos by Jimmy Choo and Spice Girl-esque Gucci platform sneakers—every pair bold and bougie for the self-proclaimed high maintenance girl.  At the end of the heel hunt, it's a hot pair of bright pink crystalized Balenciaga stilettos that fit the bill for the songstress, looking extra fly in her full event ensemble. Ask me if I'm rolling with some Gucci, I might beIt's very unlikely my wrist ain't looking icyCharging by the minute 'cause my time is really pricey Check out the full video of Saweetie and Bazaar kicking it in the Saks' shoe department, or watch the rapper's full guide to all things icy, below. 
 
 The actress follows in Gigi Hadid's footsteps at the brand.  Nearly one year after his design partnership with Gigi Hadid ended, Tommy Hilfiger has tapped Zendaya as his new women's ambassador and co-designer.  Along with starring in the brand's Spring 2019 global campaign, Zendaya is also slated to design a collaborative collection with Hilfiger. The capsule collection, dubbed Tommy x Zendaya, will be released for the Spring 2019 season.   “I love to collaborate with people who are passionate about making their dreams a reality and who inspire the next generation to do the same," Tommy Hilfiger said in a statement from the brand. “Zendaya has become a global icon, using fashion to make bold statements while always staying true to herself. Our capsule collection will fuse her eclectic style with the Americana spirit of our brand.” Previously, Tommy Hilfiger collaborated with Gigi Hadid on a two-year design partnership that debuted over a series of extravagant runway events in New York, Los Angeles, London, and Milan. Most recently, the brand tapped Lewis Hamilton as it's men's ambassador and executed a similar runway event in Shanghai for Fall 2018.  It's unclear whether the Tommy x Zendaya collaboration will include a runway show and if so, whether Zendaya herself would make her catwalk debut.  "Fashion is more than just wearing cool clothes. It’s a way to celebrate self-expression and individuality, which is extremely empowering. This is why I am proud to partner with Tommy Hilfiger," Zendaya said in a statement from the brand.  Given her risk-taking sense of style, we're already exicted to see what the Zendaya x Tommy collection has in store. 
 Loewe sent a new sneaker down its Spring 2018 runways... As Loewe's Spring 2018 collection hit the runway during Paris Fashion Week today, there was one standout accessory that was impossible to overlook: ultra pointy-toe sneakers.Taking the luxury sneaker to new heights (literally), the curved upward shoes posed sneakerheads' favorite question, "what are THOSE?"  Inspired by the traveling woman, the Jonathan Anderson-designed footwear seemingly reference Mexican pointy boots, which are extremely curved upwards boots worn by men in North-Central Mexico. Loewe's rendition of the pointed shoes included luxe reptile-embossed sneakers, suede, and several bold colorways.  Of course, people on Twitter couldn't help but notice the references to both elves and Aladdin...   While fashion's sneaker obsession likely isn't going anywhere anytime soon, will these pointy renditions become the next street style must-haves?
 Gowns, pasties, and oversized sombreros. From Lady Gaga to Miley Cyrus, these celebrities have made some questionable choices when it comes to airport dressing. Click through to see some of the wildest travel looks over the years.  Brigitte Bardot, 1965: Arriving at Paris' Orly airport after a trip to Mexico, Bardot's all smiles. But something tells us her seat mates were less than thrilled about her choice of hat? Lady Gaga, 2015: Didn't even make it to curbside check in before tripping in these shoes.  Phyllis Diller, 1968: When this photo was taken, American comedian Phyllis Diller had just arrived at London's Heathrow airport with THIRTY-FIVE suitcases. Which is perhaps why she's wearing an absurd amount of fabric around her neck...so she doesn't have to check a 36th bag?  Lady Gaga, 2011: At Tokyo's Narita airport in a monochrome look with maniacally high stilettos. Lady Gaga, 2012: At Tokyo's Narita airport  in 2012. Never not wearing ridiculous airport shoes.  Lady Gaga 2014: Two years later and again at Tokyo's Narita airport, still wearing ankle-breaking airport shoes.  Lady Gaga, 2014: At South Korea's Gimpo Airport, this time, wearing cheeks appliques that makes her look like a Pokémon character.  Bella Thorne, 2018: At Los Angeles International Airport. Is this the biggest hood on a jacket....ever? Ariana Grande, 2015: She's also wearing The Practical-Until-You-Have-to-Pee Jumpsuit, but it's her footwear that kills us.  Bai Ling, 2016: I don't want even to see the person in the seat next to me wearing open-toed shoes or too sheer leggings, but underboob?! That's a whole other level. Miley Cyrus,  2015: Sunflower-shaped pasties. Do we even need to say more.  Lady Gaga, 2014: Butt. Kim Kardashian, 2012: Having to carry your skirt as you walk is glamorous when you're strolling a red carpet. When you're hustling through the airport, it's just dumb. Ashley Greene, 2012: Dragging hems are not your friend when you're going somewhere with people movers, escalators, and a generally gross floors everywhere. Nicole Scherzinger, 2012: How on earth is she not paranoid that she's stepping on the back of her dress the entire time? Candice Swanepoel, 2013: Candice appears to be stepping on the hem of her maxi skirt, but that doesn't stop her from powering through her airport walk like the supermodel that she is. Kesha, 2015: Honestly worried about her getting caught on that escalator. Turn around and look where you're going, Kesha!  Paris Hilton, 2016: Needs to take her sunglasses off and watch where she's stepping in this gown and heels situation. Paris Hilton, 2016: This time, Paris chose a maxi dress with a slit in the front to give her legs some additional walking room. Kesha, 2016: Though Kesha loves her airport maxi dresses, she tightly clutches on to this one just in case she takes a tumble. Lady Gaga, 2011:  She really is a master at somehow overcomplicating the airport outfit, even when she's wearing something "normal" for her.  Lady Gaga, 2014: Arriving in Istanbul in...this...in 2014. She's in a league all her own.  Taylor Swift, 2014: On the flip side of the Too-Long Hem, you also don't want to wear teeny tiny shorts, because A) You've got SO MUCH of your bare skin exposed to the gross airplane seat and B) HOW are you not cold?  Kate Hudson, 2015: Like,  that scarf isn't going to keep you warm on the over air conditioned plane when you're wearing hot pants. Candice Swanepoel, 2012: Shearling and short shorts. If she's trying to confuse us about where she's heading, it's working.  Miley Cyrus, 2010: Long sweater, teeeeeeny shorts. Jessica Simpson, 2014: Also, absurd shoes. Halsey, 2018: Teeny shorts and an even teenier crop top to go with it. Paris Hilton, 2015: Really? Lady Gaga, 2015: Impractical train + crotch-baring slit. Double whammy. 
From: ELLE US

 Leg slits and latex ruled. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. After stepping out in an affordable pistachio green dress in Florence, Irina Shayk did what she does best—she hit the runway. As part of this year's Pitti Immagine Uomo, at which Clare Waight Keller's standalone Givenchy men's show debuted, Shayk took part in the CR Runway x LUISAVIAROMA 90th Anniversary Show, alongside a slew of supermodels including Bella Hadid and Joan Smalls. In fact, the trio made quite an impact when they took to the runway in unison, wearing some seriously revealing, all-black looks. While Shayk and Smalls wore matching Mugler looks consisting of stockings and skirts with leg slits, Hadid also rocked a look from the brand, including a pair of super tight latex boots.  Basically, the epic trio totally slayed, which is to be expected: Shayk's second look was even better than the first, as the model donned a strapless leather dress with matching gloves: Gigi Hadid also walked the runway, wearing a black bondage dress by Versace with an extremely high leg slit and a revealing torso panel that's available to shop now. She hit the runway alongside fellow models Vittoria Ceretti and Anok Yai:
 "It's a way of showing the power of a woman." Last month during London Fashion Week, model Valeria Garcia turned heads when she walked down the runway with a wearable breast pump under her outfit. She stepped onto the runway at Marta Jakubowksi’s Spring 2019 show in what looked like a regular suit, but when she returned to the catwalk for the finale, she opened her jacket to reveal a bra and two pumps underneath.  Garcia recalls show-goers standing and applauding in their seats, but the reactions spread far beyond London. As the latest celebration of motherhood on the runway this year—following two pregnant models at Rihanna’s Fenty x Savage show and a breastfeeding mom at the Sports Illustrated swimsuit show—Garcia’s walk made headlines across the pond. “I felt confident and happy to do it. I was happy to see it was everywhere,” Garcia tells BAZAAR.com. “It was kind of funny at the same time because I saw some reviews say like, ‘The first woman to walk with a breast pump in history!’ I didn't have that thought during the show, but it helps for us to be more confident and happy. I think breastfeeding is amazing. It's something great for all women to do.” The reaction from fellow mothers was swift. “After the show, I saw a lot of people contact me through Instagram, and they were saying, 'Oh, I'm so happy. It's great what you did, showing that it's something really natural,'" says the Argentinean-born, London-based model. Garcia, 35, is the mother of two boys—Salvador, 5, and Antón, 1—who were both present at the show and witnessed her viral walk in person. The Harper’s BAZAAR Argentina cover model has also modeled for magazines like Marie Claire Mexico, and brands from L’Oréal to Armani, but this marked her first time on a runway in nearly six years. She stopped walking in shows before having her first child.  As fashion week castings go, Garcia was asked last-minute to appear in Jakubowski’s lineup. Her agency told her the designer was looking for a real-life mom to model a practical, wearable breast pump that women's tech brand Elvie wanted to launch at the show. Garcia, who breastfed and pumped for both of her children, happily obliged. It was the only show she walked this fashion month. “I'm really pro-breastfeeding. I fed both of my boys. I never did formula or anything,” she says. “I was really amazed when I saw the product because it's really quiet and you can really do whatever you want to do while you're using it. I thought, ‘People will get the message. You can even do runway with the pump on.’”  The Elvie pump, which took three years to develop, was designed to be silent and non-constricting so that women could wear it under a nursing bra while doing everyday activities (including working and traveling—two historically difficult areas for women to find a place to pump).  Elvie pump, $249 single, $479 double, available January 19, elvie.com. Join Waitlist “Our products are all about how can women be the women they want to be and the mother they want to be,” Elvie CEO, Tania Boler, says. The brand often puts women's health issues through a lifestyle lens, adds Boler, who has a Ph.D in women's health. Debuting the pump at London Fashion Week aligned with that plan. The Elvie team and Marta Jakubowksi had wanted to work together on a statement about women's issues, "and then we met Valeria and the magic happened at that point, really," says Boler. Garcia wasn’t nervous to pull off the stunt. “I never thought of what would people think about it,” she recalls. “I thought, ‘Okay. It's very natural.'" In fact, Boler thought Garcia was a perfect model for Elvie's pump lunch. "She lived through these issues," the CEO says, citing the pressure on models to return to work quickly and get in shape after giving birth. "She's got a tiny little baby and is already back at work. She knows how difficult it can be and how pumping should be something that is empowering for women, and that gives women choice.” Valeria used a breast pump with both of her boys. When she returned to work after giving birth to her first child, her husband would sometimes bring their son to her to breastfeed during breaks, but on busier days, the pump came in handy. She used it less with her second child because she waited longer to return to work.  Nowadays, Garcia is a “full-time mom,” she says, which includes taking her son to school, playing with the kids, and cooking—but she still models sometimes "if something comes up."  Garcia’s breast pump walk was timely, as it arrives during an ongoing conversation about women's right to breastfeed in public. On top of that, working mothers who pump in the office often face challenges, like lack of proper lactation facilities, insufficient break time, and humiliation in male-dominated environments. “When the baby's hungry and they're crying, what are you supposed to do? Go by yourself and cover completely in a cape or something?” Garcia quips. “It's something natural and it's beautiful. For me, with both of [my sons], wherever I was, if I'm in the bus and he's hungry, I just [feed] him.”  Almost here! 2 Months Countdown!❤ Thanks to my amazing husband and little boy for this beautiful photos! LoveU A post shared by  Valeria Garcia (@valeriagarciaofficial) on Apr 4, 2017 at 7:23am PDT Garcia, who’s been modeling for 15 years, says representation of motherhood was especially progressive this season. Slick Woods was one of two pregnant women to walk in Rihanna’s Fenty x Savage lingerie show. She even went into labor after exiting the runway. Earlier this summer, Mara Martin breastfed her five-month-old daughter while modeling a swimsuit on the catwalk. “I think this year, it's been more 'Mom,'” Garcia says. She's also noticed more body diversity, whether it's through models posing pregnant or new moms flaunting their real, imperfect bellies. "For me, it's the same with both of [my kids], my belly's not perfect and it's just the way it is, and I'm happy," adds Garcia. "It's something that I'm proud of, to be the mom. Of course your body's going to change." Garcia's walk also takes place as the runways continue to improve inclusivity in size, race, age, and sexuality. NYFW, for example, had its most diverse season yet. “I think it's great to show you don't need to be this way or that way. You can be whoever you are and be proud of what you are,” the model says. "I think it's a way of showing the power of a woman."
 The brand teams up with Exactitudes for a photo series. Celebrating its fashion legacy, Helmut Lang teamed up with Exactitudes for a photo project highlighting the brand's biggest collectors over the years.  The series of photos, shot by Exactitude founders Ari Versus and Ellie Uyttenbroek, stars 12 Helmut Lang fans, most notably including Kanye West and Solange Knowles. The multi-generational lineup of collectors wears their own personal archival pieces from the brand along with pieces from Helmut Lang Re-Edition, a newly-launched capsule collection featuring curated pieces from the brand archives.   The full lineup, from the top left row, includes Jimmy Grillo, Alison Marie Isbell, Yohana Lebasi, Grace Lee Gee, Kanye West, Dominik Halas, Solange Knowles, Eric Lawrence, Rhamier Auguste, Johnny Petrozzino, David Gagliardi, and Anna Santangelo.  Fans of Helmut Lang (Kanye and Solange included) are known to avidly collect timeless pieces from the brand's collections—making the photo project for a cool way to celebrate that unique component of the brand. West, for example, wears his own Helmut Lang archive jeans along with a new hooded parka and sweater from the Re-Edition Volume 1 collection.   Kanye West is a HELMUT LANG FAN seen by EXACTITUDES® Artist Kanye wears the Hooded Parka and Slashed Elbow sweater from Re-Edition Volume 1 and jeans from his own Helmut Lang archive. A post shared by  HELMUT LANG (@helmutlang) on Jan 4, 2018 at 8:57am PST Helmut Lang Re-Edition Volume 1 is now available to shop in stores and online at helmutlang.com, while Volume 2 will be available starting February 6. 
 Jones will replace Kris Van Assche.  After 11 years at Dior Homme, Kris Van Assche is exiting his role as artistic director and will be succeeded by Kim Jones, effective immediately.  "I am leaving this beautiful house to pursue new challenges," Van Assche said in a statement from the brand. "I wish to thank Bernard Arnault for the trust he placed in me, Sidney Toledano and Serge Brunschwig for their warm welcome at Dior and their continuous support during all those years." Jones, who departed his role as artistic director of Louis Vuitton menswear two months ago, will present his first collection for Dior Homme in June at Paris Men's Fashion Week. "I am deeply honored to join the house of Dior, a symbol of the ultimate elegance. I would like to warmly thank Bernard Arnault and Pietro Beccari for their trust in giving me this incredible opportunity. I am committed to create a modern and innovative male silhouette built upon the unique legacy of the house," Jones said in a statement from the brand.  Though it has yet to be revealed what's next for Kris Van Assche, Jones's addition at Dior Homme will certainly be a shakeup for the French menswear brand. Known for his streetwear-inspired collections (which includes Louis Vuitton's recent collaboration with Supreme), Jones will likely usher in a new chapter of Dior Homme.   @iamnaomicampbell @katemossagency  last one I promise but I love you for this ❤️❤️❤️❤️ A post shared by  mrkimjones (@mrkimjones) on Jan 18, 2018 at 11:35am PST Kim Jones takes his final bow at Louis Vuitton Men's alongside Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell. 
 And it's still available to shop in four different prints.  Every summer has its crop of It pieces that get chosen as the lucky ones by the fashion set. Last year, it was that Realisation Par silk leopard skirt and just about anything with a puff sleeve. This season, Reformation's 'Lacey' dress is proving to be a contender for the ultimate must-have of Summer 2019.  The versatile midi dress, which comes in four different prints, has already been spotted on Kaia Gerber, Busy Philipps, Lili Reinhart, Zoey Dutch and a long list of influencers on the 'gram. Featuring a sweetheart neckline, subtle puff sleeves, and a high slit, the $248 dress checks all the boxes of our favorite summer trends.   FYC. A post shared by  Busy Philipps (@busyphilipps) on Jun 11, 2019 at 8:23pm PDT It also makes for a more subdued version of this season's milkmaid dress trend. Brands like Dôen and LoveShackFancy have been spearheading the square-neck, puff-sleeved, and ethereal dresses taking over Instagram. For those who don't want to embrace the full-on milkmaid look though, Reformation's Lacey dress makes for the perfect middle-ground.  Of course, this Reformation dress isn't the only one emerging as an It item this summer. The shirred green Faithfull the Brand dress Irina Shayk stepped out in last week has also been making the rounds of the fashion set. And buzzy accessories like Jacquemus' fringe beach bag and naked sandals have also been rapidly taking over. So which one will reign supreme for Summer '19? The season is (technically) just getting started so we'll have to wait to see...  
 Princess Charlene of Monaco and Princess Victoria of Sweden have also worn the wardrobe staple.  Since marrying Prince Harry in May, Meghan Markle has been busy crafting her own style as the Duchess of Sussex—but that's not to say she's taking notes from other chic royals too.  While on the 16-day royal tour of Australia, Fiji, Tonga, and New Zealand with Prince Harry, the Duchess of Sussex has made a staggering number of outfit changes so far. But one of her most recent looks, a Fiji blue dress by Veronica Beard, offered up a welcomed splash of color and is a staple from many stylish royal's wardrobes.     The blue shirtdress, while not a groundbreaking revolutionary piece, has similarly been worn by both Princess Charlene of Monaco and Princess Victoria of Sweden in the past (though both opted for a light blue colors). Given its versatility and instantly put-together look, it's no surprise that the style has become a regular go-to for royal women.    Though not directly a royal herself, Kate Middleton's younger sister Pippa has also been spotted wearing a blue shirtdress on several occasions. Most recently, the younger Middleton wore a striped blue Polo Ralph Lauren shirtdress to Wimbledon while pregnant. She was also spotted riding a bike this summer in another blue shirtdress with a floral pattern.  Whether they're all taking notes from each other's style or not, Meghan, Charlene, Victoria, and Pippa are reminding us all that shirtdresses are the ultimate wardrobe classic—even if you're not a royal. 
 It's time to put Miansai on your radar—and in your shopping cart.  Fashion's ongoing love of necklace layering shows no signs of slowing down. From mixing metals to personalized pendants, building just the right multi-necklace formula is an art form—and one that jewelry brand Miansai has been mastering for years.  The Miami-based brand, which designs both men and women's jewelry (most of which are interchangeably unisex), is known for its minimal, architectural-inspired pieces that offer quality without breaking the bank. So it's no surprise that it's become an under-the-radar favorite of celebrities and fashion insiders alike.   More is more with our newest pendants. Available for both men and women in silver and gold vermeil. #miansai #elevatedaesthetics A post shared by  Miansai (@miansai) on May 18, 2019 at 11:54am PDT Despite the fact that Miansai started as a men's jewelry brand, its pieces unsurprisingly caught the eye of many stylish women along the way—leading to the launch of its women's collection. Namely, the layering-friendly necklaces, which range from classic chains to personalized monogram pendants, saints, and layered charms, are what really won the fashion girls over. When worn together, it's nearly impossible for the varying pieces not to create the perfect necklace mix.  Of course, the brand is also known for its minimal cuff bracelets—for both men and women—along with a budding range of fashion pieces including hoop earrings and sunglass chains.  The secret sauce behind it all is the husband and wife duo who runs the show. Founder and creative director Michael Saiger launched Miansai out of his college dorm room back in 2008, due to the lack of men's jewelry choices out there. He wanted to create a brand that took the taboo away from men wearing jewelry. Years later, Saiger met his now-wife Rachael Russell Saiger, who he tapped as the brand's fashion director to oversee the expansion into women's and more fashion-driven pieces.  The couple created the ultimate home for Miansai's headquarters in the heart of Miami's Wynwood District. And what started as men's rope and anchor bracelets, has quickly blossomed into much more—including fine jewelry. Together, they've managed to grow a brand that appeals to both men and women—a tough niche to crack in the jewelry world.  
 The 'Mrs. Maisel' actress is the face of Frances Valentine, Spade's accessories line named after her daughter. The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel star Rachel Brosnahan, niece of the late Kate Spade, stars in a new campaign honoring the designer, who passed away last June. The campaign is for Frances Valentine, an accessories line launched by Spade and her husband Andy in 2016, which was named after their daughter.  Brosnahan announced the news on Today this morning, telling Hoda Kotb, "It’s really lovely to see those special pieces of our family reflected through this collection and the ones before.”  She also reflected about her aunt, adding, “When you lose someone you love very, very much, you spend a lot of time trying to think about how to keep their spirit alive… There is so much of her left behind and this was an opportunity for us to celebrate her life and her legacy.” The campaign, shot by Cepis, shows Brosnahan in bold, playful, and colorful looks, emulating Spade's whimsical and chic personal style, while sporting bags, shoes, and jewelry from the Frances Valentine Spring 2019 collection. The actress even has her brunette hair styled in Spade's signature updo.   In one shot, she wears a yellow satchel called the Midge, named after her character in The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. The design was released in 2017, WWD reports.  
  Brosnahan has paid tribute to her aunt Kate, whom she endearingly referred to as Katy, multiple times on Instagram since her passing. Days after her death, the actress recalled fond memories of Spade by posting a video of her dancing on Instagram.  "She had a light that words can’t capture but touched everyone she came into contact with," she captioned the post. "She was exceedingly kind, beautifully sensitive, insanely talented, funny as heck and one of the most generous people I have ever known. She was effervescent. Hug your loved ones extra tight today." Watch Brosnahan's campaign video for Frances Valentine below: 
 
 Tracking all the top fashion ads of the upcoming season. See what's good on the campaign trail for Fall 2019. Models: Adut Akech and Henry Kitcher Photographer: Craig McDean Model: Liya Kebede Photographer: Ezra Petronio Model: Kendall Jenner Photographer: Charlotte Wales Model: Rianne Van Rompaey Photographer: Angelo Pennetta Model: Amber Valetta Photographer: Johnny Dufort Model: Maggie Rogers Photographer: Alistair Taylor-Young Choreographer: Danielle Polanco Director: Charlotte Wales  Model: Irina Shayk Photographers: Inez and Vinoodh Model: Xie Chaoyu Model: Riley Montana Photographer: Erynn Patrick Model: Riley Montana Photographer: Erynn Patrick Models: Deirdre Firinne, Jeranimo Van Russel Photographer: Alasdair McLellan Model: Shalom Harlow Photographer: Tyler Mitchell Models: Sora Choi, Irina Shayk, Freja Beha Erichsen and Fran Summers Photographer: Danko Steiner Models: Anna Ross, Junior Vasquez, He Cong, Mammina Aker, Shayna McNeil and Alexis Chaparro Photographer: Nick Knight Photographer: Yelena Yemchuk Photographer: Yelena Yemchuk Photographer: Glen Luchford Model: Naomi Campbell Photographer: Daniel Jackson Model: Bella Hadid Photographer: Daniel Jackson Model: Bella Hadid Photographer: David Sims Photographer: Shayne Laverdiere Model: Susan Sarandon Photographer: Mehdi Lacoste Model: Conie Vallese Photographer: Zoe Ghertner  Models: Violet Threlfall and Eva Kay  Photographer: Emily Soto Model: Luke Evans Photographers: Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott Photographer: Tyrone Lebon Photographer: Tyrone Lebon Photographer: Tyrone Lebon
 Charting the former first daughters' best looks, from the White House and beyond. Since moving into the White House eight years ago, Sasha and Malia Obama's style has transformed along the way—and it continues to even after their father's presidency. Now as grown young women, the Obama sisters come into their own, sporting a mature sense of style (just like their mother), whether it's during Sasha's final high school years in D.C., or Malia's New York-based internship and first classes at Harvard.  Click through for a look back at the teenagers' best fashion moments over the years and today. In a red floral mini dress over black tights with a long black parka while out in New York City. In a New York Giants hat, black denim jacket, black jeans, heeled Chelsea boots and a black leather cross body bag while having a meal in Soho, New York City. Malia wears a white t-shirt tucked into black cropped jeans with a matching denim jacket and white Reebok sneaker while out in New York City. Malia wears an Alexander Wang olive green shirtdress, black leather backpack, green socks and Alexander Wang color-blocked sneakers while out in NYC. Malia wears a dark green graphic tee under a black camisole romper with tan colored chukka boots while out in New York City.  Malia wears a bright yellow turtleneck top, dark wash skinny jeans and black Converse sneakers while out in New York City.  Malia wears a button-down denim shirtdress, a brown leather backpack and Converse hightop sneakers while interning in New York City. Malia wears a Moschino denim jacket, plaid flannel shirt, black skinny jeans and Converse high tops while interning in NYC. Malia wears a tan hooded shearling sweatshirt with a black turtleneck, black leggings, lace-up ankle boots and a brown patterned leather backpack while out in New York City.  Malia wears a black and white striped windbreaker jacket with black jeans and leather shearling-lined ankle boots while out in New York City. Malia wears an oversized maroon parka, denim shorts over opaque black tights, black zip-up ankle boots and a patterned brown leather backpack in New York City. Malia wears high-waisted jeans, Timberland boots, a crop top and suede shearling while interning in New York City. Sasha wears a white off-the-shoulder top over a bikini, printed paisley shorts, layered gold necklaces and black flip flops while in Miami with Joe Biden's granddaughter Maisy. The next day she got a shoutout from Drake for sporting a hat from his OVO label during the trip.  Malia wears a black and white Cinq à Sept dress, tights, black ankle boots and a choker at President Obama's farewell address in Chicago.  Malia wears a textured camel coat, a black and white dress, black tights, heeled ankle boots, a brown leather weekender bag and black handbag while boarding Air Force One in Maryland to travel with her family to Chicago for President Obama's farewell address. Sasha wears a white coat, thigh-high brown boots and a turtleneck sweater, all by Madewell, while leaving the White House to travel to Hawaii for the Christmas and New Year holidays. Sasha Obama wears a blue velvet coat by Opening Ceremony with a choker, black top and dark wash skinny jeans while attending her final Christmas Tree lighting under her father's presidency in Washington D.C. After causing a frenzy when she was reportedly caught smoking weed at Lollapalooza, Malia Obama trolls her critics in a DIY t-shirt with "Smoking Kills" written on the front while attending another music festival, Made in America, this weekend. She completed the casual look with K-Swiss sneakers, belted denim shorts, sunglasses and a baseball cap from Harvard, where she'll be attending in the fall.  Sasha returns home to the White House from vacation with a paisley-printed black boho dress, layered chokers and necklaces, platform wedge sandals and a printed backpack.  Malia wears an Everlane short-sleeved shirtdress, off-white high top Converse Chuck Taylors, and a leather backpack while returning back to the White House from vacation at Martha's Vineyard. Soaking up the final weeks of the season, Sasha and Malia Obama jetted off to Martha's Vineyard with their family in peak summer style. Sasha donned a chic striped top, worn belted into a button-down white skirt with white Converse sneakers and a gray tote. Malia opted for a similarly summery look, wearing a crisp white sundress by Reformation and flat leather sandals.  It seems the First Daughters are as into the '90s trend as the rest of us. Sasha and Malia Obama visited the Prado museum in Madrid, both wearing a floral frock (Malia gets bonus points for her off-the-shoulder style), minimalist black sandals and, of course, a choker necklace.  Taking a note from mom, Sasha and Malia Obama dress in long printed and paisley dresses for a dinner with Princess Lalla Salma in Marrakech.  The Obama family heads for Air Force One in color-coordinated summer outfits.   The Obamas take on a casual outing in New Mexico in neutral, army hues. Malia reprised her braided look over a t-shirt and khakis while Sasha went for monochrome cargo green. The Obama sisters dressed for summer as they head for New Mexico and California. Sasha wore a printed green dress and her favorite choker, while Malia layered a denim pinafore over a button-down and topped the look off with sleek boxer braids. Malia Obama looked ready for spring, choosing a bright red dress by Alice + Olivia while visiting Cuba.  The sister duo looked ready for spring as they arrived in Cuba, Malia choosing a sweet floral frock, while Sasha opted for a black + white sundress by Shoshanna.  At the White House State Dinner, both wearing Naeem Khan.  Sasha and Malia Obama joined the President for the annual Thanksgiving pardon. Sasha wore an American Apparel sweater and denim skirt while Malia wore an American Apparel top with a color-block jacket. 
 See all of the First Lady's best looks.  From double-breasted coats to jeans and sneakers, First Lady Brigitte Macron (née Trogneux) proves she's France's latest style icon. Wearing a chic black coat with brown, white, and black leather panels, black tapered pants, and black pumps, Macron attends a ceremony commemorating the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I. The Armistice was signed on November 11, 1918, meaning that 2018 marks its centenary. Wearing a lavender dress by Louis Vuitton, silver pumps, and a matching clutch to host a state dinner at Versailles for Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito. Wearing a long-sleeve black shift dress with button details and black embellished pumps for a welcoming ceremony at the Presidential Palace in Helsinki, Finland.  Wearing a 60s inspired white dress with button detail and nude shoes while visiting with Queen Margrethe of Denmark  in Copenhagen.  Wearing a white Louis Vuitton gown with silver detailing for a state dinner at Christiansborg Palace in Copenhagen.  Matching with Princess Mary of Denmark wearing a red shift dress, double breasted button coat, and black pumps. In a blue a-line dress and nude heels for a reception for the French national football team.  In a white button-up sweater and matching skirt for the Bastille Day military parade.  In a Louis Vuitton gray zipper dress. Wearing a black and white blazer, black cigarette pants, and patent leather pumps for the 2018 NATO Summit.  Arriving at the Giambattista Valli Haute Couture show in Paris wearing a red top, blue jeans, and tan suede heeled boots.  In a simple black dress and pumps while visiting the Vatican.  Strolling Avenue Montaigne in a white button down shirt, periwinkle blazer, jeans, and suede boots.  Walking to a welcome ceremony in Canada wearing a royal blue dress, matching coat, and floral white pumps.  Walking the grounds of Chateau de Ferney-Voltaire in a white t-shirt, blue blazer, black jeans, and boots.  Arriving in Russia wearing a black sheath dress and cream trench coat. Wearing head-to-toe navy while meeting with Latifa Ibn Ziaten.  Arriving at the International Charlemagne Prize in Germany wearing a baby pink textured jacket and matching skirt with metal detailed pumps.  In an embellished cream Louis Vuitton gown for a state dinner at the White House.  At an arrival ceremony at the White House wearing a white dress and matching jacket with zipper detailing.  Wearing a Louis Vuitton pale yellow dress and belted coat for a visit to Mount Vernon.  Arriving in Maryland wearing a bubblegum pink trench coat, black jeans, white t-shirt, and black pumps.  Leaving the Elysee Palace in a navy dress, coat, and matching heels.  At a state dinner at the Elysee Palace in custom Louis Vuitton.  Posing in the courtyard of Elysee Palace wearing a cobalt blue belted dress and matching pumps.  With President Macron at the Taj Mahal in the Indian city of Agra wearing an oversized tan jacket, matching skinny pants, and pumps. Wearing a navy lace Louis Vuitton column dress and Roger Viver clutch for a dinner at the presidential palace in New Delhi, India Wearing a long sleeve pink dress during a ceremonial reception in New Delhi.  Wearing a white button-up shirt, Alexandre Vauthier red blazer, black skinny pants, and boots at the entrance of the Elysee presidential Palace.  Wearing a Balmain white blazer, black pants, and patent leather boots at Elysee Palace after attending a lunch function.
  Fill that GoT-sized hole in your friend's heart with the perfect piece of merchandise.  If your Secret Santa is still a Game of Thrones fan after the Season 8 finale, you've come to the right place. Although the curtains have closed on the HBO juggernaut this year, the fandom lives on—and so does the merchandise. From George R.R. Martin books to chic, Targaryen-inspired jewelry, peruse the best gifts that rival anything the Golden Company has to offer. Get a head start on your reading ahead of the upcoming prequel show, House of the Dragon, which uses this George R. R. Martin tome as source material. The book details history of the famous House Targaryen 300 years before the events on Thrones. Help your four-legged superfans pay tribute to their direwolf ancestors with a spiffy bandana.  Can you list all the Great Houses of Westeros? How many Targaryen dragons can you name? School your party with the  The iconic seat may be no more in Westeros (thanks, Drogon) but you can commemorate the famous chair with a miniature version fit for your favorite scented candle.  Sport the MVP of Winterfell with a classic graphic tee that you can wear with anything. What do we say to boring T-shirts? Not today.  Put on a dinner worthy of Winterfell's great hall with this custom engraved cutting board, complete with the Stark sigil and a witty play on the family mantra, "Winter is Coming." Diehard fans can claim their own piece of The North by customizing the board with their last name.  Urban Decay teamed up with Game of Thrones to launch an epic beauty collection featuring an eyeshadow palette with pigmented shades inspired by Westeros' biggest power players—House Targaryen, House Stark, House Lannister, and the White Walkers—and, wait for it: a pop-up Iron Throne. Eco-conscious jewelry brand Alex and Ani launched an 18-piece collection inspired by the strongest women of Westeros: Sansa and Arya Stark, Daenerys Targaryen, and Cersei Lannister. There are necklaces, bracelets, and rings in gold-tone, silver-tone, and rose-tone finishes. And for guys who want to look like Jon Snow, consider the black onyx bracelet. Prices range from $39 to $69.  Sorry, no shirtless Ryan Gosling in this coloring book. However, this intricately-designed book features pages filled with your favorite characters from Game of Thrones. Connect with your inner child while celebrating your favorite (decidedly not for children) show. GoT dropped nine (!!!) different types of scotch whiskey to add some variety to your bar cart. Just be sure to hide it when your friends come over for Sunday's watch party—or thee won't be any left. Adidas' ultra-popular Ultra Boost sneaker comes in a new color-way dubbed "Night's Watch." The shoe takes design inspiration from Jon Snow and boast a dragon scale accents and GoT insoles. Make the guy in your life feel like Jon Snow with John Vavartos' GoT capsule collection of tops and outerwear. This leather-trimmed travel bag is a great addition for your next weekend getaway together. Your favorite Game of Thrones fan can wear their Targaryen pride on their back...  ...Or subtly, with an evening look. Pledge your allegiance to the King in the North at your office. There's also one for Ghost if you prefer to show off the show's most important character Jon's furry companion. Your watch parties just got a lot more interesting. Test your friends' meme-making skills with the expansion pack for everyone's favorite party game. For the one person who refuses to skip the opening credits. (You know who you are!) For the friend who hasn't decorated their apartment since moving five years ago. Add The Wall and King's Landing posters for the full set. Leave it to a direwolf to protect your most sacred possessions. Set the mood for an all-night GoT binge with these clever lights featuring the House Sigils. Even if the Game of Thrones fan in your life already read the entire ASOIAF series, they won't be able to resist displaying this chic leather-bound collection on their bookshelf. Add a touch of Targaryen royalty to any room with these dragon egg-shaped candles. Because there's no better party activity than a puzzle, don't @ me. For that one friend who always yells, "I drink and I know things," after too many glasses of wine. Cook a dish fit for Khaleesi (or your next watch party) with this collection of recipes inspired by the show. From the classic (Sansa's favorite lemon cakes) to the adventurous (pigeon pie, anyone?), there's something for everyone—even those who've never seen the show. Give the Mother of Dragons the place of honor she deserves. This guide is the best way for Game of Thrones fans to brush up on their Westeros history before Season 8 premieres next year. Game night just got more competitive. Give the Monopoly edition a try if you dare.  Raise a glass to a real one.
 Whether they're brand spanking new, expanding or collaborating, these were the freshest kids on the block for Fall 2018... From international sensations to artistic collaborations, these were the names to watch for Fall 2018... Founder Danita Short and Creative Director Christian Juul Nielsen are inspired by "Rock ‘n’ Roll, motorcycle culture and the raw energy of the 1970s." Nielsen hails from giant labels like Lacroix and Dior in both ready to wear and couture—but the brand's collection is decidedly cool yet approachable. Think: wide whale corduroy suits in breezy '70s hues with exaggerated proportions. The LA based label already has celebs like Kate Bosworth on-board.  Not every newbie graduated from design school last semester. Sandra Sandor launched Budapest-based Nanushka in 2005. The sustainably-minded brand has recently become an It girl go-to and showed for the first time at NYFW for Fall 2018. The minimal meets pretty wares are just what closets everywhere have been needing. Rebecca de Ravenel caused a jewelry sensation with her playful, lightweight bonbons. Last season, the designer touched a toe in ready to wear with a collection of caftans—going full bore for Fall 2018 with '30s influenced, decidedly rich-looking, ultra-feminine printed dresses and separates. It's an aesthetic that feels right on time. BEVZA debuted last season with "realatics" making a political statement about war torn Ukraine, where the brand is based. This season the designer had furry ones in mind, showing coats that look like fur but are actually trompe l'oeil puffers—named after some fictional fur lovers like Carrie Bradshaw and Margot Tennenbaum. Big brands embracing the underground designers reworking their wares is a trend we can get behind. Artistic young thing Daniëlle Cathari has taken on adidas on her own accord, and now the brand has given her free reign with classic Originals icons, adicolor and adibreak. The results are cooler than cool tracksuits, turtlenecks, sweatshirts and more. Campaign face Kendall Jenner has already taken them to the streets. Though beloved in their native Denmark and often the answer to the question, "OMG what is that coat?" Saks Potts have, in fact, just showed for the first time in NYC. The candy-colored toppers, playful polka dots and dreamy trenches were instant hits on the street style set and have legs far beyond fashion week.
 The baubles you'll want straight from the runways.  When it comes to next season's jewelry, get ready for bigger, better, and more glam than ever. From '80s-inspired pieces to asymmetrical earrings, bold necklaces, and beyond, the Fall 2018 collections are letting the jewels do all the talking. From New York to London, Milan, and Paris, we're tracking all the best jewelry spotted on the runways. 
 This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. The French editor highlights the season's most breathtaking beauty looks with the latest fashion.          This article originally appears in the May 2018 issue of Harper's Bazaar Sittings Editor: Ron Hartleben; Sittings Assistant: Lauren Fern; Casting Director: Evelien Joos; Hair: Olivier Schawalder; Makeup: Kanako Takase; Manicures: Mei Kawajiri; Production: Ricky Michiels; Set Design: Bette Adams for Mary Howard Studio. 
 The hottest in fashion, straight from the source.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In this BAZAAR series—This Look Is Money—we’re hitting the streets to find the best dressed and the big spenders. Who are you wearing? How much did it cost? What favors are you calling in? Think something old, something new, something borrowed and something outrageous. Here, watch a few of our favorite fashion public relations ladies break down their looks piece by piece. Savannah Engel of Palm Creative, Umindi Francis of UFCG, Gabrielle Katz and Camille Easy of Karla Otto and Sydney Oh of IHPR, share what they're wearing and where they go for the latest and greatest in fashion.  Re/Done Jeans, $298, shopredone.com SHOP NOW  Dannijo Earrings, $220, dannijo.com SHOP NOW  Jennifer Meyer Ring, $175, shopbop.com SHOP NOW Alaia Heels, $1,480, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Rag & Bone Cargo Pants, $450, farfetch.com SHOP NOW Staud Bucket Bag, $375, staud.clothing SHOP NOW J.Crew Stud Earrings, $24, jcrew.com SHOP NOW Lowercase Sunglasses, $310, lowercasenyc.com SHOP NOW Pop & Suki Takeout Bag, $325, popandsuki.com SHOP NOW  Rebecca De Ravenel Earrings, $350, rebeccaderavenel.com SHOP NOW Brinker & Eliza Zodiac Necklace, $118, brinkerandeliza.com SHOP NOW Leandra Medine Shoes, $375, www.barneys.com SHOP NOW Repetto Bag, $615, repetto.com  SHOP NOW Converse Sneakers, $55, store.nike.com SHOP NOW Newbark Sandals, $198, newbark.com SHOP NOW The M Jewelers Choker, $180, themjewelersny.com SHOP NOW
 You don't have to wear sandals all season long.  If you're anything like me, then wearing boots is a seasonless compulsion. When warmer weather finally arrives, the first thing we want to do is rid ourselves of excess layers and shed our winter skins, but before you dive into a free-the-toe mindset, consider the summer boot. Whether you prefer a square-toe or an acrylic heel, these 12 lust worthy boots can elevate any maxi dress, mini skirt, or over-the-top statement blouse.  The cowboy boot is taking over this year, and this white Ganni option is the perfect way to add a little juxtaposition to every cool-girl look.   If there's one thing boot lovers adore, it's a combat boot. Wear this updated, trendy version with all your LBD's and ruffled summer pieces.  For a cowboy boot with a wedge and printed twist, look to these affordable options that look much more expensive than they are.  These sexy little sheer boots are ideal for a girls night out.  With one side composed of smooth, white, light-weight leather and the other side clear PVC, these luxe boots make a seriously impressive statement.  If you're not on the bandwagon for summer boot styling, then think again. These cut out patent leather ankle boots are airy, open, and a little too perfect for words.  Tabi boots are known to the sartorially inclined as one of the top-rated Margiela options out there, and for good reason. Update your classic Tabi's with a newer edition; perfect for silky midi skirts.  Bring on the clear skies and warmer days with a unique power blue pair.  An ice-cool and different boot for all your rooftop parties and sweltering commutes.  Remove those unsightly rain boots from your closet and replace them with these.  No matter the occasion, Dr. Martens are always an easy way to spice up a look and add some edge.  What? You wouldn't wear these to the beach?
 Got oat milk? (Lol sorry, I’ll see myself out.) Whether you've gone dairy-free or not, brace yourself because we're all dressing like milkmaids this summer. Ethereal, square neckline dresses often complete with bow ties, a little ruffle, or floral prints are already emerging as the dresses of Summer 2019. Thanks to rising It brands like Dôen, LoveShackFancy, and Reformation, the ultra-feminine, ultra soft look is replacing the menswear-inspired trends of seasons past. Now, it's all about looking like you just stumbled in from an afternoon of milking cows in the fields. Too set in your non-dairy milk alternative ways to understand? Let us guide you below...  Last summer, we spotted the rise of the fashion fairy nymph look—which has now blossomed into full-on milkmaid dress attire (as expertly demonstrated by Dakota Fanning). Brands like Dôen and Sleeper are helping spearhead the trend with their ethereal dresses.   SHOP NOW  Dôen's floral take on the milkmaid dress is just the right amount of boho.  Style this retro floral dress with a pair of white sneakers for your go-to weekend look this season.   For a more polished take on the trend, this belted version is more office-friendly and less ready to run in the fields.  Pink and blue checked patterns, bustier tops, and ribbon details are a playful (and literal) way to wear the look. Ideal for date night or your weekend plans, this ultra-girly mini dress says "Got Milk?" so you don't have to.   Whether you pair them with sandals or sneakers, you'll live in Reformation's smocked midi dresses all summer long. A splurge-worthy dress that wins the milkmaid trend hands down.    Pair this pink floral Topshop dress with a pair of white sneakers for the perfect casual summer outfit.   An all white take on look is instantly chic.  SHOP DÔEN DRESSES Meet your new favorite little white dress.  Rhode Resort$338 SHOP NOW Rhode's bright and bold prints make for a playful spin on the traditional milkmaid look.  Gingham will always be one of our favorite summer prints and this mini dress gets it just right.  For a more elevated take on the trend, try this cocktail party-friendly dress. 
 Time to give your intimates drawer a major upgrade.  Sometimes it's what's underneath that counts. Lingerie is a very personal decision, but knowing who the best out there are is a great place to start. See who's ruling the world of underthings, and shop the best pieces.  This brand may be a mainstay for many—no matter what you're looking for, whether it's everyday lingerie or for a special occasion, Cosabella has you covered.  Cosabella bra, $86, thong, $25, cosabella.com. SHOP For hotter than hot underpinnings, Fleur Du Mal is the new go-to for stylish girls everywhere. The brand is beloved by Kendall Jenner, Sienna Miller,  Fleur du Mal bra, $125, thon, $85, fleudumal.com. SHOP This made-in-LA brand tows the line between lingerie and ready-to-wear in the coolest Insta-friendly way possible.  Sign us up for this brand of cheeky intimates and charming pajama sets. Founder Morgan Lane clearly picked up a thing or two from designer mom Jill Stuart on creating an impactful brand.  Morgan Lane bra, $128, panties, $128, morgan-lane.com. SHOP If you're into feminine frills, and playful prints this five-year-old Polish brand is raising the bar for everyday underpinnings. Le Petit Trou bra, $88, panties, $78, journelle.com. SHOP The 10 year old lingerie brand is finally having its moment, thanks to its collection of elevated everyday bras, panties and bodysuits.  Else bodysuit, $210, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Made in NY from French lace, Italian tulles and Japanese elastics, Taryn Winters uses two small factories, one located in Brooklyn and one in Manhattan, and does all additional handwork and tag sewing by hand. It's old world techniques meets modern design.  Taryn Winters bodysuit, $358, journelle.com. SHOP NOW Launched by a Dutch stylist, the brand brings major personality to your underthings in bright colors, patterns and prints to mix and match to your moods.  Love Stories bra, $70, and panties, $45, net-a-porter.com. SHOP If you're a minimalist, this is the lingerie brand for you. Baserange bra (set of 2), $125, briefs (set of 2), $95, net-a-porter.com. SHOP The Danish designer is captivating the hearts of East Coast and West Coat girls with her cool rocker/model-off-duty style. Her bras are so chic you'll want to wear them with nothing over them.  Anine Bing bra, $99, aninebing.com. SHOP You might not be so lonely in this collection of lingerie–the New Zealand-based brand has prided themselves on supporting body positivity and freedom through their minimal meets sexy collection.  Lonely bra, $85, panties, $55, journelle.com. SHOP Started by couple Emilio Ramirez & Christina Viviani, the Italian collection brings together masculine and feminine elements for a truly modern take on lingerie.  The Great Eros bra, $72, panties, $55, journelle.com. SHOP Stylists  Jamie Mizrahi and Simone Harouche took all the knowledge they've garnered working on fashion sets to create a range of lingerie that offers sleek utility for everyday.
 Plus, see all of the best shots from New York, London and Milan. Tyler Joe captures the chicest looks on the girls off the runway.
 She was photographed leaving the lingerie giant's headquarters. Bella Hadid has finally confirmed that she will walk the Victoria's Secret runway once more. The model shared the news via Instagram, after being spotted at the lingerie giant's headquarters.    The 20-year-old captioned the image: "I feel so crazy humbled to get the opportunity to be a part of this show again...Walking into the offices this year I felt so happy, healthy, and honored.. I can't wait for another incredible experience!!! Congrats to all of the beautiful ladies I will be walking beside. I can't wait!" Sister Gigi Hadid, and bestie Kendall Jenner, have yet to confirm whether or not they will be joining Bella on the Victoria's Secret catwalk this season. Plus, rumors that Hailey Baldwin will make her debut at the show this season continue to circle. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 What to watch for at this season's shows.  As designers experiment with the traditional runway format, the landscape at New York Fashion Week continues to change drastically. From brands heading to Paris to those skipping runway shows altogether, changes are (still) coming to NYFW in full force. Ahead of the Fall 2018 collections, here's your guide for what to watch this New York Fashion Week.  While the fashion industry still has a long, long way to go, last September marked the most diverse runway season ever. After monitoring 94 shows in New York, The Fashion Spot found the Spring 2018 runways featured 36.9% women of color and for the first time ever, every single show cast at least two women of color. Body diversity, age diversity, and transgender representation also increased dramatically last season, marking a change for many major fashion houses. Hopefully, brands will continue to recognize the importance of diversity and representation on the runway and break last season's record...  Pictured: Tome Spring 2018 Kors’ always-anticipated shows pays homage to the Big Apple. From the venue—the Vivian Beaumont Theater at Lincoln Center—to the invitations and artwork, designed by legendary theater-poster artist James McMullan, the show is taking a bow to Kors adopted hometown. “I wanted the show to be a love letter to New York,” the designer explains. “I’m inspired by everything about the city—the electricity, the speed, the diversity, the individuality, and of course the art and food and fashion. So much of New York is iconic, from the architecture to the theater to the faces, and anyone who’s ever been here has their own New York story. During a time when many designers are opting to leave New York, Bottega Veneta is instead bringing its Fall 2018 collection here to help celebrate the launch of its new flagship store. The Italian fashion house will skip its Milan show for a spot on the NYFW calendar this season, holding a special co-ed show on February 9—the same day the largest Bottega Veneta store in the world opens on 64th street and Madison Avenue.  Shaking up the entire fashion calendar, Alexander Wang announced that this February would be his final time showing during the traditional New York Fashion Week shows. Moving forward, the designer will present two collections a year in June and December to better align with his production schedule. Wang, who typically hosts the biggest after-parties and #WangFest, will be hosting his final February show in Times Square.  As brands continue to experiment with runway shows vs. intimate presentations, many are taking a different route this season: mixing fine dining with fashion. Gabriela Hearst will present her Fall 2018 collection at Café Altro Paradiso, while J.Mendel will show its collection at Ladurée in Soho. Similarly, Derek Lam is hosting intimate lunches at The Pool in lieu of a runway.  Following her debut at Calvin Klein's Spring 2018 show, Kaia Gerber went on to take over the runways in London, Milan, and Paris in her first ever runway season—most recently hitting the Chanel Haute Couture catwalk. The 16-year-old is still the one to watch this February, cementing her status as the next big supermodel-in-the-making.  Expect grandpa sneakers, fanny packs, and shearling coats to take over as the reigning trends of the street style scene in New York.  Acne Studios sneakers, $470, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Gucci belt bag, $1,100, farfetch.com. SHOP Saks Potts coat, $1,851, farfetch.com. SHOP  The amazing @taylranne in our Amber vegan leather pants✨ Shop now with 40% off! #nanushka #nanushkagirls A post shared by  NANUSHKA (@nanushka) on Jan 8, 2018 at 12:02pm PST This Hungarian brand has been taking over the street style scene and our Instagram feeds for quite some time now, so it's only fitting that it has a proper New York Fashion Week debut. Helmed by Sandra Sandor, Nanushka will show its Fall 2018 collection with a presentation on February 11. Though it may be most-known for its It-girl-approved leather puffer jacket, this rising brand is certainly one to watch. As Eugenia Kim celebrates its 20th year anniversary, the accessories brand will mark the occasion with a special retrospective presentation and capsule collection. Featuring some of Kim's most iconic hats over the years, the capsule will bring back some of the brand's greatest archival pieces. Expect to see hats worn by pop royalty back in the early '00s as well as pieces featured in the movie Zoolander and worn today by the likes of Kate Middleton and Beyoncé.   In honor of the highly-anticipated Black Panther movie, Marvel Studios tapped seven designers to create looks inspired by the film's fashion. CHROMAT, Cushnie et Ochs, Fear of God, Ikiré Jones, Laquan Smith, Sophie Theallet, and Tome each designed one-of-a-kind pieces influenced by themes and characters of the movie. The looks will be unveiled at "Welcome to WAKANDA," an immersive event held on February 12 in the midst of New York Fashion Week. Each of the looks will be auctioned off via Charitybuzz.com to support Save the Children. Pictured: Black Panther-inspired sketches by Chromat, Cushnie et Ochs, and Sophie Theallet  Trying to escape the cold in our new #Spring2018 looks - shop now with link in profile! A post shared by  Lela Rose (@lelarose) on Feb 2, 2018 at 2:10pm PST In lieu of a traditional runway setting, Lela Rose is debuting her latest collection in the form of an Instagram show. The designer tapped 10 of her favorite influencers to style and  model looks from the Fall 2018 collection, which each will share to their own Instagram accounts on February 8.  After skipping last season, Narciso Rodriguez is returning to New York Fashion Week in time for its 20th year anniversary. The brand, which just debuted a special archival capsule collection for the occasion, will show on February 7.  Following past season CFDA initiatives for Planned Parenthood and the ACLU, an official cause for this season's shows has yet to be formally announced. On Saturday, however, designers banded together for a pre-NYFW party dubbed “Together We Rise x NYFW.” Featuring speakers from the Women's March and Planned Parenthood, the event sought to create awareness about women in leadership as well as the upcoming midterm elections. Designers including Gabriela Hearst, Ulla Johnson, Brandon Maxwell, and more each created a special item to benefit Planned Parenthood & The Women’s March for the occasion—all available to shop here.  Between the ongoing political climate and the #TimesUp and #MeToo movements amongst women, it would be surprising for designers not to make some sort of statement with their shows this season. Pictured: Prabal Gurung Fall 2017
 Double tap for these must-have styles... The followers have spoken (or liked). We've found what's chic and shoppable from the web's most fashionable social feeds. @camilacoelho takes it up a notch in daytime silk.  Tibi dress, $850, shopbazaar.com SHOP @beyonce throws shade in style.  Safilo sunglasses, $525, shopbazaar.com SHOP  @chrissyford is spot on with this statement bag.  3.1 Phillip Lim bag, $650, shopbazaar.com SHOP @elina_halimi perfects her monochromatic look. Maison Michel hat, $650, shopbazaar.com SHOP  @amandaalagem slays in plaid.  Alexander Wang blazer, $1,395, shopbazaar.com SHOP @romeestrijd takes business casual to the next level.  Frame blazer, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP Frame trousers, $415, shopbazaar.com SHOP @joannahillman struts in the go-to boot for dressing up or down.  Alexander Wang boot, $795, shopbazaar.com SHOP @evachen212 tackles sweater weather in refreshing colors.  Sies Marjan sweater, $490, shopbazaar.com SHOP @lisa.aiken's carry-all of choice in coordinating colors.  Simon Miller bag, $590, shopbazaar.com SHOP @graceatwood with the perfect transitional sandal.  Loeffler Randall sandal, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Gifts mom will love, for less than $100 Whether your mom is a design fiend, a fashionista, or a beauty buff, we've found the gifts she's guaranteed to love - without breaking your bank account.  Like gifting a nightly spa appointment, this facial roller stimulates blood flow to help mom's skin look brighter and rejuvenated.  Shiffa jade roller, $63, nordstrom.com.  SHOP You can never go wrong with fresh flowers. Try one of BloomThat's many spring-inspired arrangements that makes the perfect surprise delivery for your mom.  For moms obsessed with interior design (or moms obsessed with cool coffee table books) this book packed with glamorous interiors is a guaranteed winner.  The Big Book of Chic by Miles Redd, $65, amazon.com.  SHOP  This agate-patterned box is a perfect place for mom to store jewelry, trinkets, or of course, all of those lovingly-sent Mother's Day cards.  American Atelier jewelry box, $29, nordstrom.com.  SHOP The cool-mom answer to the standard pajama set, this printed satin romper is perfect lazy morning loungewear.  DKNY washed-satin playsuit, $60, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Bring on the summer vibes with these embellished woven sandals.  Sam Edelman sandals, $80, nordstrom.com.  SHOP This pretty ceramic tray will make mom happy well beyond the first round of mimosas.  Rosanna serving tray, $42, nordstrom.com.  SHOP For the luxe mom who loves her scents, Diptyque's no-fail 'Roses' candle offers a taste of luxury that won't break the bank.  Give mom a jumpstart on her summer wardrobe with this fun tassel-studded bracelet.  Isabel Marant cuff, $92, theoutnet.com.  SHOP Doesn't your mom deserve some pampering? A soak with these skin-loving clay and eucalyptus infused bath salts will leave her relaxed and refreshed.  Herbivore Botanicals Detox bath salts, $18, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Give mom a taste of Napa with this delicately oaked, flavorful Chardonnay that's a perfect addition to any dinner or enjoyed simply on its own.  Antica Napa Valley Chardonnay, $35, wine.com.  For the skincare addict, Dr. Brandt's 101 Skincare Junkie Kit offers up a taste of the brand's best products sure to brighten, even out, and amp up your mom's skincare regimen.  Motherhood doesn't mean giving up that festival style—just look at this surprisingly versatile beaded necklace.  Chan Luu necklace, $48, theoutnet.com.  SHOP This gorgeous coffee table book explores modern French style through the lens of 14 different French families—capturing their effortlessly chic lifestyle through a myriad of beautiful interior photographs, narratives, and recipes. Think Pinterest in a book for decor-savvy moms. How the French Live coffee table book, $24, amazon.com.  SHOP The concentric design of this malachite printed tray is unique enough for modern-leaning mothers and classic enough to appeal to more conservative types.  Tisch New York tray, $95, barneys.com. SHOP You can't go wrong with a simple, sleek watch that will elevate any mom's accessory game.  Skagen watch, $69, nordstrom.com. SHOP You can never go wrong with a chic blanket with a high cuddleability factor.  Nordstrom at Home blanket, $49, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Notes of sandalwood, cedar, and amber will give your mom's rooms a warm homey feel, while the the glinting checkered pattern dresses up any side table.  Thompson Ferrier candle, $68, barneys.com.  SHOP Get a head start on her summer beach wardrobe with this oversized straw visor that feels especially chic this season.  Dressed up with evening wear or dressed down with jeans, these bold-yet-classic earrings are destined to become a wardrobe staple.  Kenneth Jay Lane gold-plated earrings, $50, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Give your mom's handbag a refresh with this colorful striped wallet perfect for spring.  Radley London bag, $72, radleylondon.com. SHOP Upgrade your mother's old school incense holder with this mod sculptural version.  Urban Outfitters incense holder, $20, urbanoutfitters.com.  SHOP The graphic size of this floral print makes this flowered dress modern, not matronly.  Amuse Society dress, $75, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Give the classic Mother's Day bouquet a boost by tucking it into a cool, modern vase that mom will love long after the flowers are gone.  Rivet vase, $30, amazon.com.  SHOP For moms who want to get in on the multiple piercing trend, these swirling earrings have all of the cool-factor without the commitment.  Maria Black earrings, $29, theoutnet.com.  SHOP Earth mother types will appreciate the good vibes that these semi-precious healing stones give off while fashion plates will go crazy for the look of this simple yet elegant bracelet.  Gorjana bracelet, $38, nordstrom.com.  SHOP You can always give mom a kiss goodnight (and great skin to go with it) with this kiss printed silk pillowcase.  Slip silk pillowcase, $79, nordstrom.com.  SHOP
 Welcome back, Queen.  Tonight marks an important night in fashion: not only is it the 2018 Met Gala, but Kate Moss is also back in New York for the first time in nearly a decade.  Marking her first Met Gala appearance since 2009 (when she co-hosted alongside Marc Jacobs and Justin Timberlake), the supermodel made a triumphant return to the event tonight in a feathered little black dress by Saint Laurent.  She was spotted leaving her hotel, giving us a sneak-peek at her look before she arrives on the red carpet.  The theme for this year's Met Gala, Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination, explores the intersection of fashion and Catholicism. While Kate's Anthony Vaccarello-designed dress didn't take the theme too literally, she certainly looks heavenly and that's all the religion I need.  Earlier today, the supermodel made the ultimate return to the states by posing in a 'Make America Kate Again' moto jacket by Alyson Eastman on Instagram.    #makeamericakateagain #katemoss Welcome back Kate!!! 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤 A post shared by  Robert Rich (@rrichnyc) on May 7, 2018 at 5:27am PDT
 “Sometimes I say I need Viagra for shoots. It’s harder to get it up.” This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford is helping us look forward to our fifties with her incredible attitude to aging.  Speaking at an event with WWD and Greg Renker, with whom she built the brand  Meaningful Beauty, Crawford discussed modeling in her fifties.  She revealed why, alongside her supermodel friend, Christy Turlington, she feels it’s important to still do photo shoots. She explained, “We want to show women who are 53, and I think Christy just turned 50, that there’s still beauty in that.” And this includes taking “tasteful nudes,” which Crawford recently did for famed photographer Russell James’s book. A post shared by Cindy Crawford (@cindycrawford) on Feb 17, 2019 at 8:14am PST She explained, "I remember some snarky person on Instagram—there seem to be a lot of those—posted something like, ‘Ah, why are you still doing those at your age?’ And I was like, is there an age where being nude isn’t beautiful? It’s just a different kind of beauty."  According to WWD, Crawford noted the importance of women treating themselves as kindly as they would their friends. “That is part of the reason I still do shoots,” she added. The legendary supermodel does admit that it’s now “a little harder" though, as she joked, “I hope this is politically correct, but sometimes I say I need Viagra for shoots. It’s harder to get it up.” A post shared by Cindy Crawford (@cindycrawford) on Apr 17, 2019 at 9:45am PDT On her own skincare secrets, Crawford said of Meaningful Beauty, "Using it daily, along with avoiding the sun, not smoking, drinking a lot of water, and getting enough sleep is key to looking and feeling good at any age." And clearly, confidence–as much as genetics–goes a long way.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 When in doubt, put a monogram on it.   Give your gift that extra thoughtful touch by personalizing it just for her. See all the great ideas in our fun & fabulous holiday gift guides.  Alison Lou earring, $155, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Create a pair of your own initials on your that of your loved ones. Calpak x Jen Atkin luggage, starting at $285, calpak.com. Doyle & Doyle heart locket, $145, doyledoyle.com. SHOP  Pop a cute photo into the locket, for a gift that will be cherished forever.  Helena Quin robe, $215, helena-quinn.com. SHOP What could feel more luxe than a personalized robe? Jennifer Fisher necklace, starting at $2,000; Jennifer Fisher charms, $925-$4,000, jenniferfisherjewelry.com. SHOP From charming pendants, to your loved ones initials, create a truly custom jewelry piece for someone special.  Smythson notebook, $60, smythson.com. SHOP For those who like to keep it old school and actually jot down their schedule.  LaPlates plates, $34 at laplates.com. Any hostess with the mostess needs monogram plates.  In This Very Room soap, $30 for three, inthisveryroom.com. SHOP Upgrade your bathroom with monogram soaps.  Léron towels, $495, leron.com. SHOP While you're at it, personalized towels are the ultimate in bathroom chic.  Kate Spade notepads, $12, katespade.com. SHOP Taking notes never looked so good. 
 "It's all diamonds—which is perfect for me." As if the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show wasn't tough competition as it is—each year the girls compete for three coveted positions in the lingerie extravaganza: the show opener, the Swarosvki outfit and the Fantasy Bra.  In the last three years, Elsa Hosk has clearly become a favorite with all the right people at Victoria's Secret. The Swedish stunner who has been working with Victoria Secret since 2011, was named the lucky model to wear this year's fantasy bra. Ticking off another bucket list item.  Hosk first started off as a VS Pink ambassador, and in 2014 she was officially given her first set of wings and the title of Victoria Secret Angel. In 2016 she had the honor of opening the runway show in Paris. In 2017 for the Shanghai show, Hosk wore the Swarovski outfit (a one-of-a-kind crystal-embellished outfit designed for one Angel). This year the Dream Girls Fantasy Bra is all hers. "This is the fantasy bra! Holy sh—t!" was Hosk's first reaction to seeing her custom bra. "It's one of the most beautiful fantasy bras I've ever seen in my career—and it fits my personal style so well. It's very understated, but glamorous, it has a real '90s throwback vibe to it. And it's all diamonds—which is perfect for me." This year's fantasy bra was designed by Swarovski and is comprised of 21,000 diamonds. It's valued at a cool $1 million dollars. It took 4 craftsman and 930 hours to create this piece of lingerie. Hosk will also wear a coordinating Swarovski by Christopher Kane crystal necklace and bangles to accent her look for the show on Thursday. For the first time, customers will be able to buy a similar, albeit much less expensive version of this fantasy bra for $250 on November 29th.  "Where am I going to go from here?" Hosk joked when asked what was left on her career to-do list? "I was just telling my agents in a meeting that there's still a lot of photographers I want to work with, and I think there's a new generation of photographers that are coming up, and their style is really cool and different. But I'm so thankful for each and every opportunity I've had." With just 3 days to go until the big show returns to its origins in New York City, the model said she's been switching things up in terms of her show prep. "Every year I like to try something new, so this year I've been working with Megan Roup. It's a dance-based workout, but you're not really learning a dance—I'm terrible at choreography. Megan makes it really easy, and fun. As I get older, I want a workout that maximizes my time doing as little as possible, with maximum results. This does it for me." 
 Ever wonder how your favorite editors get dressed for work? These are the stories (and price tags) behind their impeccable outfits. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In this week's episode of This Look is Money, we tracked down three fashion editors from two of your favorite online style destinations to reveal precisely how they put together their best outfits. Think covetable and eye-grabbing pieces—one editor even waited in line for two hours so she could score her dream handbag at a sample sale.  From looking "rich and spicy" in a cardigan that costs just as much as your half of the rent to sporting accessories from emerging talent from across the globe, these fashion tastemakers are the new go-to for your style inspiration. Who are you wearing? How much did it cost? What favors are you calling in? Think: something old, something new, something borrowed, and something bought resale.    First up is Nikki Ogunnaike, the style director of ELLE.com. She once finessed her love for J.Crew into a successful social media campaign that landed her a modeling spot in their holiday catalog. So you know you're in for some major style inspiration ahead.  Starting from her shoes up, Ogunnaike is sporting a pair of white leather Kenneth Cole boots ($150) that "have a nice, walkable heels I can get around town in them super easily, and I don't feel like I'm hobbling across the street," she says.  Ogunnaike's dark wash Rag & Bone jeans ($150) are "perfection" because her pair is stiff and she doesn't have to hem them. Plus, the unique cuff and logo down the sides of the jeans caught her attention. She admits that her black Balenciaga cardigan ($1,390) is a splurge, but "if you work hard, and you want to spend your money and treat yourself, [then] you should," Ogunnaike adds. She's been searching for her gold Celine by Phoebe Philo "O" initial necklace "for years," and when she saw it in Barney's she knew it was meant to be ($500). "Now that I'm in my mid-30s, I believe I'm a grown ass woman, and it's time to invest in some gold jewelry," she declares while pointing at her two rings from Mejuri ($250 total).   To look stylish and stay warm in the winter, Ogunnaike relies on her red puffer jacket by Canadian retailer Aritzia ($230), who also counts Duchess Meghan Markle as a fan.  Ogunnaike shares that she has nine ear piercings and believes it’s "a really great way to mix up your jewelry game, but not have to do a lot," she says of her pieces from direct-to-consumer brands The Last Line, Vrai & Oro, and SVNR. As for the cost of her investment earrings: "Yikes! [...] I spend a lot of money on clothes. What do you want me to do," she admits. Ogunnaike adds that her two small gold hoops with freshwater pearls from SVNR cost $250 a piece ($500 total). "I'm so happy to own them just because I'm supporting a female designer, and we gotta do that," she says. Outfit Total: $3,170   Lauren Alexis Fisher is the market editor of HarpersBAZAAR.com, which means she's an expert at spotting trends from both established and emerging brands. She recently launched "Fishing For Answers," her weekly life advice column that tackles readers' most pressing questions about fashion, career, relationships, and general advice. Here, Fisher makes her case for investing in chic outerwear and shoes to elevate your wardrobe to help you look like the most expensive version of yourself. Fisher's oversized camel Aritzia coat ($300) is a classic wardrobe staple that helps her embody cozy-girl chic in the winter. Her slouchy leather black kitten heel boots are from Neil J. Rodgers' eponymous line. "I love them because they're the perfect slouch. It's a small heel, so I can run around and wear them all day if I need to," she says of her functional $675 purchase. Her high-waisted black trousers from Lou & Grey ($60) are an affordable option for a classic, everyday style staple. "You can wear them with anything in your wardrobe, and they look instantly chic," Fisher says. She notes that she adores the printed turtleneck trend this season, and waited until she found an affordable-yet-stylish option. Her snakeskin-printed top is $18 from H&M. "I'm always looking for new bags and accessories designers, and I'm really excited I found this one," she says of her Alfeya Valrina purse.  "She makes these really great mini handbags that are fun little pops of color to add into your wardrobe."  Fisher's small hoop earrings are from Sarah Chloe ($196), and she appreciates that they are chic and multifunctional. "I love them because you can take the pearl on and off the hoops, so you can wear them two different ways. It's like two earrings in one," she says.   Finishing up her look is a pair of '90s-inspired sunglasses from Quay Australia that are "a mix of classic and trendy. These are a little bit '90s but they still feel classic enough to wear even when the '90s trend dies down. If it ever does," she adds.  Outfit Total: $1,544   “I really look for pieces I can wear multiple times, like really great sweaters,” says Tara Lamont-Djite, fashion director of HearstMade. Lamont-Djite embodies sophisticated, minimal-chic style, so it’s no wonder she knows how to mix and match pieces in her wardrobe to wear throughout the year including silk slip dresses. She sports a Kate Moss-inspired slip dress from one of her favorite labels, Organic by John Patrick ($250), that is "the perfect length to go with boots." To wear her dress as a skirt, she layered a black mock neck fine knit top from Aritzia ($120) over the dress. "I love to go there because sometimes you can find some really unexpected, super amazing things," Lamont-Djite says of the store. Her black kitten heel Stuart Weitzman booties ($90) are a vintage find from the '90s on eBay. The struggle was real when Lamont-Djite was searching for a full-length houndstooth coat. Thankfully, she found one from Suistudio ($500) that made her "really excited" about her investment purchase.  Lamont-Djite is carrying a textured leather handle bag from Mark Cross. While her particular handbag retails for $3,000, she patiently waited in line for two hours to score her bag at a sample sale for $600. To satisfy her appetite for freshwater pearl jewelry, Lamont-Djite wore a pair of gold-tone oblique earrings with baroque pearl accents from Alighieri, a line inspired by poet Dante Alighieri. Outfit Total: $1,910
 This triple camera in the iPhone 11 Pro came to play. Tim Cook took the Steve Jobs stage in Cupertino, California on Tuesday morning to announce the Next Big Thing from Apple: a new iPhone model called the iPhone 11—which is not an extension of the two-year-running iPhone X series, but is a successor to the iPhone XR, with an upgraded dual camera. For those looking for a follow-up to the iPhone XR, the iPhone 11 looks like your winner—and it costs just $699. Apple also introduced the iPhone 11 Pro with a 5.8-inch OLED display and the iPhone 11 Pro Max with a 6.5-inch OLED display, both with a hefty triple camera that is certainly the most enticing selling point. That means the iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max have a telephoto camera, an ultra-wide camera, and a wide camera on the back of the phone. They'll go for $999 and $1,099 respectively, and will launch with the iPhone 11 on September 20. Apple had a lot to live up to with this Keynote announcement. All of its recent phones are priced at or above $1,000 besides last year's iPhone XR, which came pretty damn near close with a starting price of $749. But despite the price tag, Apple has lagged behind some Android phones, especially in terms of camera capability. In 2016, Apple introduced Portrait Mode to the iPhone 7 Plus, but that was the last update to really make a buzz. Last year, Apple kicked up the camera capabilities in the iPhone Xs, Xs Max, and XR, but it still was outperformed by the Google Pixel 3 and the Samsung Galaxy S10+, for example. Apple no longer has a monopoly on really good smartphones, and even though the company is still pulling in major money, iPhone sales aren’t what they used to be, because most people can’t afford to or are uninterested in pouring big money into an upgrade every year or two. And even though the hype surrounding this Keynote (and, to be fair, every single Apple event) is considerable, the tech experts are already looking ahead to 2020, when Apple is expected to seriously revamp the iPhone's design, and upgrade it to work on the still-infant 5G network.   Should you want a phone upgrade, stay tuned for more information on the iPhone 11 and 11 Pro. Here's what we learned at the Keynote. The iPhone 11 is the cheapest phone Apple debuted at its Keynote—by a lot. It costs just $699 to start, and it comes with a 6.1-inch Retina display and new, fun colors: purple green, red, black, white, and yellow. Its dual camera has a few updates, like wide and ultra-wide cameras that you can switch between while taking a photo without sacrificing quality. The same goes for video mode, which supports 4K up to 60 fps.  Plus, Apple added Night Mode to improve low-light picture taking, which Apple has struggled with in the past. For selfie enthusiasts, the front camera now has slow-mo mode, too.  The iPhone 11 comes with Apple's new A13 Bionic chip to improve speed and performance; Apple says it's the fastest chip ever in a smartphone. The battery life lasts an hour longer than the iPhone XR. It will be available to purchase on September 20. The big news with the iPhone 11 Pro is its triple camera, the Pro Camera. This thing is big, taking up a good chunk of the back of the phone with a wide, ultra-wide, and telephoto camera. You can take photos with all three cameras from one vantage point. Additionally, the triple camera supports Night Mode and impressive video-taking features. The 5.8-inch iPhone 11 Pro will start at $999, and the 6.5-inch iPhone 11 Pro Max will start at $1,099—and the absence of a huge price jump is refreshing for Apple. The OLED screens have the highest pixel density on an iPhone yet, which Apple dubbed the Super Retina XDR display. The iPhone 11 Pro models have that same A13 Bionic chip for speed and efficiency, and battery life for both is longer than the iPhone Xs models. They come in space grey, silver, gold, and a very cool midnight green. It will be available to purchase on September 20. Of course, this wasn’t just an iPhone event. Apple announced the launch of Apple Arcade, its new subscription-based video game series that will have exclusive content from a variety of big-name and indie game developers. Apple Arcade will hit the App Store on September 19. Apple TV+, which has huge celebrity talent from the likes of Jason Momoa, Oprah, Jennifer Anniston, and Steve Carrell, will debut on November 1. Both cost just $4.99 per month. In terms of gear, Apple revealed a new seventh-generation iPad with a 10.2” Retina display and upgraded speed to compete directly with PC laptops. Plus, the enclosure is made with all recycled materials. It starts at $329. For the health trackers, Apple Watch Series 5 was debuted, with a display that never goes dark and improved features, starting at $399.   
From: Esquire US

 Fashion resumes its love affair with prairie dressing as romantic lace, quilted patchwork, and leather fringe storm from the runways. Fashion resumes its love affair with prairie dressing as romantic lace, quilted patchwork, and leather fringe storm from the runways. Roberto Cavalli jacket, $22,795, and gown, $8,280, robertocavalli.com; Effy Jewelry earrings, $518, effyjewelry.com; The Frye Company boots, $448, thefryecompany.com. Missoni coat, $3,875, and dress, $1,685, missoni.com; Effy Jewelry earrings, $518, effyjewelry.com; Tabitha Simmons boots, $795, tabithasimmons.com. Prada coat, $7,790, skirt, $2,050, and boots, price upon request, prada.com; The Frye Company hat, $198, thefryecompany.com; Ralph Lauren belt, $595, ralphlauren.com.  Lanvin coat, $4,920, and dress, $1,590, lanvin.com; The Frye Company boots, $358, thefryecompany.com.  Balmain top, $4,180, and skirt, $7,975, barneys.com; Jill Heller bangle, $395, jillhellerjewelry.com; Destroyer Cowboy vintage boots, $185, westernspiritnyc.com.  Alexander McQueen dress, $4,075, choker, $1,595, and belt, $765, alexandermcqueen.com; The Frye Company boots, $358, thefryecompany.com.   Etro gown, $4,475, etro.com; Effy Jewelry earrings, $518, and ring, $383, effyjewelry.com; Stetson hat, $80, stetson.com; Destroyer Cowboy vintage boots, $185, westernspiritnyc.com.  Ralph Lauren Collection shirt, $750, pants, $890, and suspenders, $300, ralphlauren.com; The Frye Company boots, $448, thefryecompany.com. Calvin Klein 205W39NYC coat, $5,495, and top, $1,095, calvinklein.com; Stetson hat, $80, stetson.com; Gucci ring, $410, gucci.com; The Frye Company boots, $358, thefryecompany.com. Coach 1941 shirtdress, $895, similar styles available at coach.com; Destroyer Cowboy vintage boots, $185, westernspiritnyc.com; On little girl: Bonpoint dress, from $575, bonpoint.com; The Frye Company boots, $328. thefryecompany.com.
 These are the women that prove age is a trivial matter, indeed. They have brains, beauty and life lessons to spare. These are the women that prove age is a trivial matter, indeed. Get stylish inspiration from the ladies we want to grow up to be just like. Who: Canadian-South African model and dietitian, mom to Elon Musk and two other children.  The Lesson: Statement Earrings Are Non-Negotiable Get the look: Lele Soudghi earrings, $168, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Who: Congresswoman, U.S. Representative for California The Lesson: A Smart Jacket Should Never be Underestimated Get the look now: Racil blazer, $1,055, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Who: Model and actress Style Lesson: '70s Insouciance Is Always in Style Get the look now: Alice and Olivia jacket, $495, bloomingdales.com. SHOP Who: Actress Style Lesson: A Lot of Print Goes a Long Way Get the look now: Prada pants, $980, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Model, booked her first cover at age 15. The Lesson: Pick a Signature Color Get the look now: Maje top, $225, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: British Actress The Lesson: Menswear Inspired Looks can be the Sexier than the Littlest Dress Get the look now: S Max Mara jacket, $548, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Who: Designer and philanthropist The Lesson: A White Button-Down is an Evening Staple Get the look now: Citizens of Humanity top, $248, citizensofhumanity.com. SHOP Who: Beauty company founder, model, philanthropist. The Lesson: Prove Your Metal in Major Metallics Get the look now: Sies Marjan skirt, $599, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Who: British actress and philanthropist. The Lesson: Don't Shy From Vibrant Shades Get the look now: H&M; sweater, $25, hm.com. SHOP Who: Model, beauty company founder. The Lesson: Flaunt your Best Feature Get the look now: Deitas dress, $635, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Actress and philanthropist. The Lesson: Black and White is Always Right Get the look now: Joseph skirt, $475, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Interior designer, philanthropist, style influencer. The Lesson: More is More is More if You're Confident Get the look now: Prada coat, $2,672, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Model, philanthropist The Lesson: Maintain your Flare for Drama Get the look now: Gucci jacket, $1900, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Who: Model, writer, speaker, Uniqlo collaborator, philanthropist The Lesson: Help Define what French Style Means, and Then Embody It Get the look now: Roger Vivier shoes, $1,750, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Who: Actress, activist, philanthropist The Lesson: A Good Tailor is The Best Investment Get the look now: Isabel Marant trousers, $465, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Who: Actress Style Lesson: Be As Ornate As You Want to Be Get the look now: Attico bag, $490, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Who: Philanthropist, founder RODIN Olio Lusso  The Lesson: Looking Cool Doesn't Need to Come at the Cost of Comfort Get the look now: Vince sneakers, $225, vince.com. SHOP Who: Artist and philanthropist What: A Great Hat is Always in Style Get the look now: Maison Michel hat, $650, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP
 Add this to your mood board ASAP.  For the latest installment of the #MyCalvins campaign, Calvin Klein tapped the entire A$AP Mob group as the newest faces of its denim and underwear lines. Starring A$AP Rocky, A$AP Ferg, A$AP Nast, A$AP Twelvyy, A$AP Ant, A$AP Lou and A$AP J. Scott, the hip-hop crew appears in the ultimate group shot photographed by Willy Vanderperre along with a behind-the-scenes video.  In the 30-second video, the rappers dance, goof off and talk style while wearing classic pieces from the Calvin Klein Denim and Calvin Klein Underwear lines. When the whole group tries to sync up to declare the brand's iconic tagline "My Calvins," A$AP Rocky accidentally drops the ball and says "Our Calvins" instead—making for the cutest moment of the video.  This, of course, is hardly the first time the stylish group of rappers has dipped their toes into the fashion world. The always well-dressed A$AP Rocky has several campaigns under his belt already for Dior Homme, DKNY and more. A$AP Ferg, meanwhile, actually studied fashion design in school and launched his own brand, Devoni Clothing, back in 2005.  The A$AP Mob ads are part of Calvin Klein's newly-launched #MyCalvins campaign for Spring 2018, which centers around the theme of family and unity. Solange kicked off the campaign series last month with her "musical family" including singers and songwriters Dev Hynes (better known as Blood Orange), Kelela, Caroline Polachek and Adam Bainbridge of Kindness. The brand will continue to roll out more of its "Our Family" ads throughout the Spring 2018 season. 
 Hello, 911? I'd like to report a slaying.  If you thought Bella Hadid's runway looks at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show were sexy, please check the batteries on your Life Alert before scrolling. The model brought the heat up a few thousand notches with not one, but two naked dresses at the after party.  Trading in her wings from the lingerie-filled runway, Bella showed up to the VS after party in a plunging and sparkling silver gown. The ultra sexy, ultra see-through look featured a thigh-high slit and halter neckline. Underneath, she wore nothing but a black thong, as you do after walking the biggest lingerie show in the world. If you're having trouble lifting your jaw off the ground, I unfortunately don't have medical advice for you. But here's a photo of Bella looking completely flawless from another angle while you gather yourself: Just in case one super sexy naked gown wasn't enough, the model changed into another sheer look while leaving the party with her boyfriend, The Weeknd, Halsey, and a group of friends. For her final naked outfit of the night, she wore a nude August Getty Atelier sheer mini dress with a pair of high-top sneakers. She kept the same accessories for her outfit change: a stunning pair of emerald earrings and a sparkly silver clutch.    Earlier in the night, Bella walked the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show for the third year in a row. The model wore a total of two looks in the lineup, the first was a sporty black and white lingerie set topped off with a cropped bomber jacket and sock boots.  And the second featured icy blue angel wings, lingerie, and matching feathered heels.  So, in conclusion, the real takeaway here is that it doesn't matter if Bella is on the Victoria's Secret runway, red carpet, or walking down a New York street at 2 AM, she looks like complete FIRE no matter what. Thank you for coming to my TED Talk. 
 The model-actress is killing the daywear fashion scene... New mom, model, actress and, apparently, serious street style star Rosie Huntington Whiteley's recent looks, captured by paps on the streets of NYC and LA are what fashion mood boards are made of. Never over the top, with a mix of established designers and emerging names, Huntington-Whiteley is quite literally killing the style game. Get inspired and shop the standout pieces.                               It's clear the Brit loves a good plaid, but it's this structured black hat that's tipping the scales of this look from chic to very chic. A cool mix of textures and fabrics makes this hat more luxe than its counterparts. The balance of leather shorts and a flowing floral top illustrate how a little edge and a little romanticism come together perfectly.  Let this layering piece take the place of a jacket this spring. A great jacket and leather leggings make for ideal transition wear—and a basic black turtleneck makes for a layering piece you'll want to wear over and over again. Consider it a collector's item. A bold blue jacket with wide shoulders makes a major entrance. Skinny black trousers and a chain bag complete the look.  Your boyfriend's jacket done better. Huntinton-Whiteley is clearly a fan of leopard. This cropped jacket, belted at the waist, is an example of the statement print worn at full impact.  Because it's always better in leopard. We love the tones at play here, from vibrant red leather pants to a brick hued jacket—grounded by very cool white boots. Lighten up, literally. A blue and white polka dot top brings this mini skirt, blazer, cowboy boot look to life.  This top works with jeans for a casual moment or a trouser for something more dressed up. Clearly a closet staple for the LA-based model, a great belt takes her style miles. Why not wear one over a printed jacket and patent pants? When in doubt, cinch it. We practically swoon for this gray double-breasted suit with wide leg trousers, but before we go any further we must acknowledge these major sunnies. The bigger and darker the better for this blonde.  These are some confident sunnies. A logo waist bag is one of the looks of the season. We love it used to pull this robe coat together.  For when you need your phone and a double latte.
 The free tool is a must-have for online shoppers. Who isn't looking for the best possible deal out there? If you're like us, you'll jump at the opportunity to score major deals online. Lucky for you, there's a free browser extension called Amazon Assistant that helps you make smarter shopping decisions by comparing products and prices. All you need is an Amazon account. Assistant is compatible with most modern web browsers, including Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, and Opera. The extension lets you easily add items to your Amazon Wish List or registry from most places on the web, receive notifications on deals and special offers, and get updates on your recent Amazon orders. It especially comes in handy when you want to compare prices from Amazon's competitors like Best Buy. Or if you're hungry for a good deal, it lets you quickly see what Amazon's promoting for its Deal of the Day. Amazon has been known in the past to give discounts to users who install the extension. Get ready to score serious deals—install the Amazon Assistant here!  
From: BestProducts

 Your Kirakira app will thank us. Diamond-adorned, crystal-embellished, and glitter-graced? Check, check, and check. We've collected all of the most Insta-worthy, sparkling gifts waiting for you (and your KiraKira app) this holiday season — and it's just a click away! Saint Laurent sunglasses, $983, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Saint Laurent boot, $10,000, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Ef Collection earrings, $1,495, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW Lancome eyeshadow stick, $25, sephora.com BUY NOW Lanvin dress, $4,670, farfetch.com BUY NOW Vanessa Bruno skirt, $333, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Meadowlark Bluebell Drop Earring, $380, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Raey socks, $130, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Marc Jacobs glittering top coat mascara, $26, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Jimmy Choo shoe, $4,595, saksfifthavenue.com BUY NOW Arty stocking holder, $29, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Marchesa necklace, $275, nordstrom.com BUY NOW MSGM top, $348, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Hearts on Fire earrings, $5,990, saksfifthavenue.com BUY NOW Baccarat vase, $620, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Velour Lashes collection, $28, sephora.com BUY NOW Oscar de la Renta bracelet, $690, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Corioliss Swarovski flat iron, $89, jet.com BUY NOW Balenciaga shoe, $2,850, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Men's Society glitter beard kit, $20, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Anita Ko diamond hoops, $23,100, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW Jimmy Choo shoe, $625, saksfifthavenue.com BUY NOW L'Objet frame, $115, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Needle & Thread top, $210, netaporter.com BUY NOW Deborah Lippmann nail polish, $20, sephora.com BUY NOW Kim Seybert napkin rings, $93, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Delpozo sweater, $740, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Sheryl Lowe ring, $3,500, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Swarovski pen, $35, swarovski.com BUY NOW Olivia Kanemoonstone necklace, $226, oliviakane.co BUY NOW
 Don't even try to act like you don't want that photo op. Pool season is officially among us and if you think drinking rosé aboard an Instagram-friendly pool float is basic, well you can just take that negativity elsewhere.  From Missoni butterfly floats to a giant inflatable pink convertible to the beloved ride-on unicorn, Summer 2018 is filled with plenty of fun pool floats to choose from. Sure, you can act like you're above wanting a float for some solid Instagram content, or you can throw in the towel, buy a few chic floats, and have some fun in the sun this summer, girl. Scroll down to shop our favorite floats for the season.  Missoni x Funboyfunboy.com.$148.00SHOP NOW Making your swim a little more fashun, Missoni collaborated with Funboy to bring its iconic colorful prints into your pool this summer with these designer butterfly floats.  If you're not spending your summer sailing the French Riviera aboard your own private yacht, this pool float is the perfect way to at least pretend.  Because no summer is complete without rosé, float on a life-size bottle all season long.  Nothing says summer quite like a giant watermelon wheel that's big enough to hold you and a friend.  Everyone knows it's not summer until you've lounged on a giant unicorn pool float.  Channel Barbie in this '50s-inspired retro convertible float guaranteed to score you some major Instagram cred. Cherry prints are taking over as one of summer's hottest trends—so why not bring the sweet fruit in for a swim too?  Have your own Little Mermaid moment this summer whilst laying inside this seashell float.  Bring some color into the pool with this dreamy rainbow cloud lounger perfect for catching rays.  And because you still can't go wrong with a giant ride-on flamingo float, do it up in a luxe rose gold. 
 Your chic predictor for the year ahead... 2019 is coming in with a bang—with the swearing in of a more diverse and female House of Representatives and Senate (and all their chic looks), and with changes in the fashion-scape. From the shuttering of magazines to more designer musical-chairs, there are new labels, and an even stronger emphasis on social media in how we consume. These changes also mean that how trends begin and spread is altering, and the route to how brands emerge is constantly developing. In light of all that, there are new trends to play with, embrace, skip, abhor, or keep an eye on until you're ready for them. From the biker short to the cowboy boot, feathers, and tie-dye... See ten trends that are sparking our interest now. 1Stoked Surfer Girl   CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC, blazer, $2400, tank top, $590, short wetsuit, $2200, handbag, price upon request, calvinklein.com   2She Wears Short Shorts Sandro, top, $295, sandro-paris.com, Dion Lee, shorts, $390, dionlee.com, Camilla and Marc, sunglasses, $399, camillaandmarc.com 3Cowgirl, Take Me Away BLDWN, bodysuit, $118, bldwn.co,  Camilla and Marc, skirt, $499, camillaandmarc.com,  Brother Vellies, cowboy boots, $995, brothervellies.com,  Jennifer Fisher, bracelets, $70, jenniferfisherjewelry.com, FARIS, ring, $225, farisfaris.com 4She Sells Seashells... Altuzarra, knit dress, $995, barneys.com, belt, $450, altuzarra.com, Stuart Weitzman, shoes, $425, stuartweitzman.com,  FARIS, earrings, $395, farisfaris.com, Jennifer Fisher, ring, $295, jenniferfisherjewelry.com  5Le Biker Babe    Beaufille, blazer, $920, special order at info@beaufille.com, Nike, biker shorts, $30,nike.com, Sandro, sneakers, $245, sandro-paris.com, Jennifer Fisher, earrings, $500, jenniferfisherjewelry.com 6Nothing to Hide Brock Collection, dress, $1900, modaoperandi.com,  Beaufille, earrings, price upon request, beaufille.com  7Light as a Feather...  Sally LaPointe, feathered coat, $4200, shorts, $650, salllylapointe.com, Altuzarra, earrings, price upon request, altuzarra.com 8The New Suit Gucci, jacket, $3900, pants, $1700, gucci.com,  Stuart Weitzman, shoes, $455, stuartweitzman.com,  Chanel, handbag, $4100, available at Chanel boutiques nationwide, Jennifer Fisher, earrings, $325, jenniferfisherjewelry.com 9The Simple Sandal Chanel, blouse, $4000, pants, $3300, dress, $7050, handbag, $3700, available at Chanel boutiques nationwide,  Manolo Blahnik, shoes, $765, NY boutique (212.582.3007) or manoloblahnik.com for info, FARIS, earrings, $275, farisfaris.com Photographs by Carla Guler for Kintzing, Styled by Tennille Yamashita for Aubri Balk, Inc., Stylist Assistant Kim Charles, Make up by Moani Lee using Pat McGrath Labs, Hair by Linh Nguyen for See Management, Casting and Production by Muzam Productions, Model Antonina Petkovic for The Society Management  
 Puff, puff, pass... Like any other holiday, 4/20 calls for an array of chic accoutrements to celebrate. Whether you choose to participate in the day with a smoke break, or simply want to show some green pride à la emblematic accessories, we’ve got you covered with these fashionable weed products. Shop our picks below, and float on your stylish stoner way. This denim button down hits a high note with a snakeskin leaf patch placed on the back. Carrying your cannabis has never been more chic with a rosy clutch that says it all.  No need to stow away your smoke accessories when they come in pretty colors. These handmade pipes come in various pastels and are coffee table approved. Add a luxe element to your rolling game with these 24K papers. Handcrafted with a hemp-derived cannabinoid extract, this lip balm has benefits like anti-inflammatory, anti-anxiety and anti-oxidant properties. This handmade ceramic set is functionality at its finest, complete with a rolling tray, stash jar, and ash tray. Make your ash tray feel like an art piece with this rose-citrine dichroic glass cast version. Made with ethically traded ingredients, this creamy dark chocolate is specially formulated for adding herbal butters and oils so you can cook up the high dessert of your dreams.  Keep all your essentials in one spot with this snakeskin clutch, complete with card slots, matching blunt holders and lighter. These sativa candies are a sweet and subtle way to achieve a euphoric high. Weed smoker or not, you won't be able to stop spritzing this this alluring, floral scent. This high tech vaporizer takes both dry herb and extract, and shows heating status, battery life, and temperature settings through an LED light. This art deco case is a chic way to keep your joints safe and tucked away. This gold monogram necklace gets a second when you open up the pendant, giving you a grinder whenever you need. Ensure that your rolling technique is on point with a little help from this lavender glass tip. Formulated with aroma therapeutic effects that help compliment your cannabis experience, add one to your bath for the ultimate way to unwind. Light up with these compact, rechargeable lighters that come in an array of sleek colors. Add a subtle leaf touch to your look with these pave diamond hoop earrings, available in 14K rose, yellow or white gold. These grinder cards seamlessly fit in your pocket or purse, so you can grind up your greens in transit. This standing glass pipe feels all grown up with its elegant wood touches. Keep your smoking habits natural with these rolled filter tips, hand-planed from slabs of maple wood by the New York design studio Harold. This kit has everything a smoker needs when traveling: rolling papers, an acrylic box for storage, Japanese eyedrops and lighter, all put together in a sophisticated leather pouch. Fight shine and foster smoke with makeup blotting sheets that double as rolling papers.
 'Tis the season  You can never go wrong with green during the holidays. Emerald, mint, forest green— whatever shade strikes your fancy, now is the time to rock it! Shop our most beloved green gifts now — because there is no better time of year.  Alaia shoe, $1,260, netaporter.com BUY NOW Bvlgari watch, $7,400, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Aquazaaura boot, $1,150, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW Dom Perignon Limited Edition Gift Box, $190, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Marc Jacobs Beauty brush collection, $135, sephora.com BUY NOW Saint Laurent dress, $2,890, netaporter.com BUY NOW NO. 21 bag, $855, netaporter.com BUY NOW Willa Arlo Interiors sofa, $660, wayfair.com BUY NOW Dion Lee dress, $1,575, netaporter.com BUY NOW Bayco ring, $640,000, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Rimowa suitcase, $1,250, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Jimmy Choo shoe, $1,250, farfetch.com BUY NOW Givenchy eyeliner, $27, netaporter.com BUY NOW Finlon jade roller, $14, amazon.com BUY NOW Rahua gift set, $90, dermstore.com BUY NOW Rebecca de Ravenel earrings, $345, saksfifthavenue.com BUY NOW The Row dress, $3,990, netaporter.com BUY NOW Elie Saab bag, $1,822, farfetch.com BUY NOW Fleur of England kimono, $416, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Sugarfina set, $45, nordstrom.com BUY NOW La Mer mini miracles collection, $85, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Vetements socks, $104, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Diptyque candle, $90, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Olivia Kane tourmaline ring, $870, oliviakane.co BUY NOW Bernardaud plate, $80, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Cartier toilette spray, $95, sephora.com BUY NOW Boyy bag, $1,075, netaporter.com BUY NOW Christian Louboutin shoe, $1,095, netaporter.com BUY NOW Burberry coat, $1,795, netaporter.com BUY NOW Hueb earrings, $8,270, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW
 Here's how to shop one of our favorite trends for this coming winter. While the plush texture of a good fur (and faux) is timeless, Fall / Winter 2017 produced a far more fun riff on the warmest of toppers, for a look that's both warm and whimsical. This type of dressing doesn't take itself too seriously, and easily transitions from daytime to evenings out. We can't get enough of this playful trend; here, 10 colorful furs–both real and faux–to shop this season. Toti mohair, cotton and wool-blend faux shearling coat, $2,045 SHOP Faux-fur coat, $2,073 SHOP Fur midi coat, $22,210 SHOP Black and terracotta double breasted long coat, $8,500 SHOP "Freda" mink coat, $22,704 SHOP "Yuna" faux-fur coat, $250 SHOP Deconstructed checkerboard fur coat, $3,334 SHOP Faux-fur coat, $2,295 SHOP Leopard print fur coat, $1,932 SHOP Fur belted coat, $6,395 SHOP
 You're going to want to book a vacation ASAP after seeing these pics.  While the rest of us are still recovering from our Thanksgiving-induced food comas, Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid, and Hailey Baldwin are busy showing off their bikini bodies on a Bahamas vacation.  The models gathered a group of their girlfriends, including Justine Skye and Camila Morrone, for a quick beach getaway to the Caribbean island. And what would an It-girl-filled vacation be without picture-perfect Instagrams to give us all a severe case of FOMO? Jenner shared a group photo of the girls aboard a small yacht in the ocean to kick off the festivities.  Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin, meanwhile, posted solo shots of themselves in bikinis: Which, same.  Hadid took a moment to casually lay across a giant log in the water—as one of course does whilst soaking up the sun on vacation.  She also shared a photo of Hailey and Kendall gazing longingly aboard a yacht: The vacation was reportedly a special trip to celebrate Baldwin's 21st birthday, and by the looks of it, it was a pretty ideal way to ring in 21. 
 Posh-approved sneakers coming soon.  Victoria Beckham, the brains behind one of our time's most philosophical quotes, "I can't concentrate in flats!" is launching her most surprising endeavor yet: a partnership with Reebok.  Following a year of several collaborations, including a capsule collection for Target and an ongoing beauty partnership with Estée Lauder, the designer is now joining forces with a major sports brand for another new collection, marking her first foray into athletic wear. Although additional details of the Reebok x Victoria Beckham collection have yet to be revealed, it's likely the long-term partnership will include both apparel and footwear. If you have any doubts about how a pair of Reebok sneakers could get the Posh seal of approval, Beckham shared a sneak-peek posing in the brand's Club C sneakers on Instagram.    "Having the opportunity to realize my aesthetic within a sportswear environment is something that I have long wanted to do, Beckham said in a statement from the brand."Partnering with Reebok will enable me to further promote my vision in a new category. It’s incredibly exciting to work with such an iconic brand that epitomizes my belief in encouraging women to be the best version of themselves." While the designer has already mastered chic suiting, polished outerwear, and sleek accessories within her own namesake brand, we could all use a little bit of her signature style to spice up our athleisure looks, too. (Sorry, did you think you could make it through this article without a Spice Girls reference?) Beckham joins Reebok's growing list of inspiring female partners including Ariana Grande, Gigi Hadid, Aly Raisman and Teyana Taylor, in the brand's ongoing mission to empower women. 
 See the model's most stylish off-duty looks.  Gigi Hadid has quickly become America's Sweetheart of the modeling world—with her California Girl good looks and sunny disposition—but her style says bonafide bombshell. Hadid knows how to dress her curves—from midriff-baring two pieces, to curve-hugging dresses and plunging necklines. The top model even makes a white t-shirt and jeans look totally sexy. Hey, if you got it, flaunt it. Click through to see her best looks, plus shop model off duty must-haves on ShopBAZAAR. In a sheer wine turtleneck, bra, high-waisted trousers, black shades, gold crescent hoops by Lili Claspe, the T Bar Chunky Chain Necklace by Missoma, and pointed python boots. In a blue and white suit by Oscar de la Renta, blue circle shades, and white heeled boots. In a striped turtleneck sweater by JED, layered necklaces, a red and black shoulder bag, high-waist jeans, the Axiom Chain by Missoma, Adornmonde pearl earrings, and blue and yellow tie-dye western boots while out in NYC after supporting Taylor Swift on SNL.  In a black blazer, black trousers, a black Yanelis bralette by Araks, and layered necklaces. In a white blazer, a graphic tee, Aritzia's black Tna Atmosphere Short 7", white sunnies, white sneakers, and layered gold necklaces. In a champagne fringe slip dress, tan boots, layered gold necklaces, and a shell handbag.  In a buttoned Sandro Paris dress, Birkenstock sandals, and layered gold chain necklaces.  In a brown cap, oversized white button-up, white wide-leg trousers and pointed white shoes. In an artfully patterned pantsuit, layered necklaces, and quilted charcoal gray heels. In an icy blue pantsuit and pleated skirt with white pumps. In a black cap, cream hoodie, Dr. Martens boots, and boldly patterned sweatpants accented with red and white stripes down the side. In a baggy black crew neck, high-waisted suede panel jeans, and Dr. Martens boots. In a silver cropped blazer and high-waisted oversize jeans by Off-White and a cream crocodile bag by By Far. In a denim jacket, straight-leg jeans, white tank top, Dr. Martens boots, layered necklaces (one of which is by Mercii), and a yellow tarnsparent bag while arriving to her birthday party in NYC.  In an orange Summersalt Voyager bikini with a tie-dye shirt, matching scarf, crossbody bag, and black ankle booties.  In a green suit, metallic gold turtleneck, black hat, tonal pointed-toe heels, and a gold purse for Marc Jacobs wedding. In a blue Emilia Wickstead jumpsuit for the 2019 Variety Power of Women event. In a multicolor tie-dyed t-shirt, cropped creme pants, white sneakers, sunglasses, multi-stand pearl necklace, and a black handbag.  In a creme and pink embellished mini dress, complementary handbag, and black shoes with sheer socks.  In a white jumpsuit, white sneakers, and multicolor leather gloves.  In an oversized chartreuse sweater, light-wash distressed jeans, and white and chartreuse sneakers. In an oversized black blazer, black turtleneck, black jeans, angular sunglasses, and brown and black leather boots.  In a light-wash denim jacket, brown turtleneck, matching jeans, and leopard print boots.  In an oversized green jumpsuit, black ankle boots, black waist-cinching belt, and sunglasses.  In an orange Ralph Lauren polo, tonal maxi skirt, and strappy sandals.  In a khaki hoodie, blue sweat pants with white stripes down the side, white combat boots, tiny sunglasses, and a black handbag. In a leather Moschino by Jeremy Scott trench coat, an orange button down top, lace detailed trousers, and floral pumps while out in NYC.  In a black Zac Posen gown for the Pirelli Calendar gala in Milan, Italy.  In a yellow plaid Storets coat, Reebok t-shirt and sneakers, and a white crossbody Prada bag while arriving in Tokyo.  In a TOD'S shearling pattern coat, Monse flair jeans, a white turtleneck top, and leopard print Gisuppe Zanotti booties while leaving a fitting for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. 
 She becomes the latest ambassador for the French fashion house. Emma Stone has just landed a lucrative deal as the new face of Louis Vuitton.  The Oscar-winning actress has reportedly signed a two-year contract with the French fashion house, estimated to be worth somewhere between $6 and $10 million.  Vuitton creative director Nicolas Ghesquière confirmed the appointment on Instagram today. It was then followed by an announcement on the official Louis Vuitton account. As a face of the brand, the 28-year-old actress will star in worldwide TV and print campaigns, as well as wear the brand's clothing on the red carpet.  And she's started already, having worn a Louis Vuitton jacket and shirt dress to the premiere of Battle of the Sexes in LA earlier this month. Followed by a an embellished, ruffle-sleeve gown at the London premiere of the film. According to Page Six, the LVMH-owned company had been pursuing the star for nearly a year. Rumor has it that the brand has also been chasing Stone's La La Land co-star, Ryan Gosling, for the past three years, but to no avail, as the actor reportedly doesn't do endorsement deals.  Stone joins a list of other A-list actresses to work with the house, including Michelle Williams, Sophie Turner and Alicia Vikander.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Everyone else can go home now. We've finally figured it out—the only thing fiercer than Teyana Taylor's body is her runway walk. The singer (who's perhaps best known for starring in Kanye West's "Fade" video) graced the catwalk today for streetwear brand GCDS's presentation during New York Fashion Week, and she closed the show with a strut like no other.  Watch and be amazed:  The 26-year-old modeled an all-white ensemble, with a matching crop top and logo briefs, which perfectly accented her fit figure. She was also decked out in gold jewelry with oversized hoop earrings, layered necklaces, and chains wrapped around her waist. There were oversized sunglasses in the mix too, but Taylor quickly whipped them off on the runway with the sassiest execution known to man. Miranda Priestly could never. This isn't exactly Taylor's NYFW debut; the star also hit the runway last September for Kanye West's Yeezy Season 4 show.  Before tearing up the catwalk this morning, Taylor stopped by other NYFW events including the Kith Sport fashion show and Pat McGrath Mothership Ball. She met Naomi Campbell at the latter, and we wouldn't be surprised if she took some strutting tips from the supermodel for today's show. 
 These shoes were ACTUALLY made for walking. The idea of easy-to-walk-in, "comfortable" sandals may trigger visuals of orthopedic shoes with an unsightly strap and an awkward heel height. But gone are the days of painful, sky-high heels equaling sophistication and now, comfortable shoes have become surprisingly chic thanks to the resurgence of flat footwear trends like dad sneakers and casual flip flops.  We're happily welcoming ease into the mix with these on-trend, but comfortable and walkable sandals. Shop the most comfortable sandals of the season below.  It's time to give the flip flops and thong sandals of yesteryear a second chance. This summer, both casual styles are reemerging in buttery leather, dauntless hues and modern textures. Classic, polished and just trendy enough, the Limone thong sandal adds a modernized spin with soft leather and knot detailing.  For a very 2019 twist on simple rubber flip flops, opt for this leopard print pair.  In the latest "ugly" fashion craze, a sandal no one with a sartorial mind would have accepted just a few months ago is cool again. The best part about this tourist evolution is the versatility in which these travel-inspired sandals are created.  Stuart Weitzman is known for making comfortable footwear of all kinds, but these take the cake. Update the Birkenstock of your college years with decorative buckles and ruched straps.  Beachy-ready and easy to walk miles in, these luxe sandals are the investment your shoe rack needs.  Toe-loop details scream hot '90s teen, and that's all we could wish for in this current throwback phase. Don't be alarmed if this walkable sandal trend makes you yearn for spaghetti straps and rent-free living.  The Emilie sandal, crafted by up and coming must-have brand Yubi Official, features a toe loop and two crossover straps, creating a seriously sleek everyday sandal that elongates the legs.  For a simple sandal with glittering details that packs a subtle punch, look to these easy breezy braided black sandals, handmade by artisans in Greece.  Enter: mid-height wedges. They're high enough to give some leg, but low enough to stroll in for hours without an ounce of pain. The look you may lack in your favorite kitten heel can be found in one of these supportive and versatile sandals.  PVC has finally made its way into footwear; and we're absolutely here for it. Although these are slip on, you'll find the angle makes it easy to keep your foot in place.  Both parts minimalistic and eye-catching, these easy white wedges will match everything in your wardrobe; from oversized pleated summer dresses to worn-in Levi's.   Take your wardrobe to new heights this season with the coveted mule sandal. The fashion favorite mule has been reinvented time and time again, coming back each time in both luxurious options and affordable staples.  Crafted in Italy, the Isa sandal are perfect for keeping up with the trends but unique enough to add some differentiation into the mix.  Because this mule has two straps and a block heel, they're beyond easy to walk in. And they're made from '90s-inspired denim, they can be worn with virtually anything. 
 They're about to walk one of the biggest runway shows. Women who have been lucky enough to secure roles as Victoria's Secret Models in the upcoming Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2018 have been taking to Instagram to announce the news.  Due to take place in November 2018, the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show welcomes regular fixtures each year, alongside a roster of new models. Here, all of the models who may soon earn their wings, as they've been confirmed to walk in this year's show for the first time:
 The looks fashion girls will be loving this fall.  Summer coming to an end may feel like a bummer to some, but the good news is that fall is always filled with endless outfit ideas and layering opportunities for fashion girls to have fun with. From boots to blazers, fresh outerwear trends, and beyond, there's plenty to get excited about. Get inspired by these 50 fall-ready outfit ideas—to wear from the office to all your weekend activities—that will give you a head start on your shopping for the new season.  Transition your favorite long-sleeve summer dresses into fall by pairing them with mid-calf or knee-high boots.  Get the look: Prada leather knee-high boots, $950, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Add a little edge to a silk slip skirt by styling it with a leather jacket and booties.  Get the look: Free People slip skirt, $98, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Invest in the staples: a black turtleneck, high-waisted denim, a neutral coat, and the perfect everyday bootie. Those pieces will all carry your wardrobe through winter when you mix and match them with the rest of your closet.  Get the look: Aritzia black turtleneck, $50, aritzia.com. SHOP NOW A leather trench merges two classic fall jackets into one that feels fresh and can take any look to a new level of cool.  Get the look: Smythe leather jacket, $1,295, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Style an oversize camel blazer over a blue button-down for the perfect contrast of colors and textures.  Get the look: OCHI blazer, $405, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW   Style a white T-shirt and blazer with a pleated midi skirt for a fresh office look.  Get the look: Mango pleated skirt, $80, mango.com. SHOP NOW Opt for rich textured jackets—from patent leather to corduroy—to instantly upgrade jeans and a tee.  Get the look: Ksubi patent leather jacket, $240, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Tuck a puff-sleeved blouse into a pair of high-waisted jeans for an effortless outfit formula.  Get the look: Rachel Comey top, $255, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Your white pants don't have to stay behind with the rest of your summer wardrobe. Make use of them for fall by styling them with a black T-shirt and patterned blazer.  Get the look: Reformation check blazer, $149, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Knee-high leather boots styled with a dress or belted jacket make an instant statement.  Get the look: Sam Edelman knee-high leather boots, $150, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Dress a sweatshirt up by pairing it with a colorful pencil skirt and ankle boots.  Get the look: Nike crew-neck sweatshirt, $60, asos.com. SHOP NOW Wide-leg jeans and a tailored blazer are an effortless way to capture that chic Parisian woman look.   Get the look: Citizens of Humanity wide-leg jeans, $228, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Try the unexpected combination of a sleek power blazer with a denim miniskirt, tights, and over-the-knee boots.  Get the look: Madewell denim skirt, $70, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Break up an all-white outfit by layering a long vest over top. Add rich jewel tones to make the look more luxe. Get the look: BCBG faux leather vest, $368, lordandtaylor.com. SHOP NOW Make a skirt or short suit work for chillier days by styling it with a pair of patterned tights. Bonus points if they're Gucci.  Get the look: Gucci logo tights, $90, ssense.com. SHOP NOW Make your fall denim pop by styling it with a black turtleneck and leather baker boy hat.  Get the look: Brixton faux leather hat, $45, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW A burnt orange jacket serves as a neutral in your autumn wardrobe.  Get the look: Vince cropped jacket, $495, vince.com. SHOP NOW Layer a flowy dress over a pair of blue jeans for an unexpected styling combo.  Get the look: Chelsea28 dress, $100, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Create a high-glam/low-effort mix by throwing on a plush faux fur coat over a basic tee and jeans.  Get the look: Zadig & Voltaire faux fur coat, $209, zadig-et-voltaire.com. SHOP NOW An unexpected fall color—like a bold yellow—brightens up a chilly fall day. Add a pair of white boots to further brighten the look. Get the look: J.Crew blazer, $131, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Cinch a dress at the waist with one of this season's hottest accessory trends: the belt bag.  Get the look: Senreve leather belt bag, $395, senreve.com. SHOP NOW Understated wardrobe essentials, like a plaid coat and simple black slip dress, look luxe when worn together.   Get the look: Nanushka checked robe coat, $895, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW A chunky turtleneck, midi skirt, and slouchy boots make the perfect outfit formula.  Get the look: Tory Sport turtleneck sweater, $298, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Keep the tie-dye trend alive by layering your favorite tee under a jacket.  Get the look: Madewell tie-dye T-shirt, $40, madewell.com. SHOP NOW Wear an unexpected fall color—like a pretty pastel—from head to toe for a showstopping monochromatic look.  Get the look: Khaite blazer, $276, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW A maxi wrap dress is an easy everyday staple that can be worn to the office and beyond.  Get the look: Hofmann Copenhagen maxi dress, $415, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW A cherry red turtleneck offers the perfect pop of color with an A-line denim mini and knee-high boots. Top it off with a sleek leather shearling jacket.  Get the look: Guild Prime shearling biker jacket, $307, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Put a ladylike twist on jeans and a T-shirt with a tweed jacket and classic pumps. Get the look: L'Agence tweed blazer, $675, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Style a sleek midi-length sweater dress with knee-high boots.  Get the look: Nanushka sweater dress, $395, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP NOW Mix and match contrasting fabrics, like a knit sweater and leather pencil skirt.  Get the look: Express faux leather pencil skirt, $70, express.com. SHOP NOW
 The model beautifully responds to bikini body scrutiny—12 days after giving birth. Supermodel Candice Swanepoel only gave birth to her second child a mere three weeks ago, but her postnatal ‘bikini body’ has already been at the receiving end of public scrutiny. In response to online criticism of her image on the beach, the Victoria’s Secret Angel took to Instagram Stories and shut down shamers with an empowering message.    Over paparazzi pictures of herself wearing a bikini, she wrote:    "This is me 12 days after having my son. If you have something bad to say about it… check yourself. Society can be so cruel to one another. Beauty standards are sometimes impossible for women these days.”     #New Candice Swanepoel in your IG Stories 💥 #candiceswanepoel. @angelcandices A post shared by  Candice Swanepoel Fanpage (@candiceswanarmy) on Jul 11, 2018 at 5:57am PDT She continued with a positive note: “I'm not ashamed to show my post-partum tummy. I am proud actually… I carried my son for 9 months in there. I think I've earned the right to have a little tummy. Is it because I'm a model? Well we are normal people too, so let me enjoy the beach in peace please." Sharing another picture of herself while still pregnant with her second son, Swanepoel added: "I don't have to hide my stomach just because people have unrealistic standards of women. We create life… what can you do? Ladies are all in this together. Be kind to each other." While Swanepoel's body is nobody else's business, she should be applauded for using this opportunity to share an important reality check which goes out to way more than her 12 million-plus followers.  Anyone: including women—prenatal, postnatal, or not—can all learn from her self-acceptance and celebration.   Thank you so much for all the well wishes... Our little man was born this morning at home and he couldn’t be more perfect. 💕 A post shared by  Candice Swanepoel (@angelcandices) on Jun 19, 2018 at 2:41pm PDT 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 These accessories are the best way to add a lavish touch to your wardrobe and home this season. From gilded accessories to Victorian-inspired extras, live stylishly with these chic accoutrements. A hatbox-shaped minaudiére in mioré silk lends a feminine edge.  Eddie Borgo minaudière, $1,490, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Put your best foot forward in feathered flats.  Manolo Blahnik shoe, $895.,manoloblahnik.com. SHOP  Combine lace and leather to achieve effortless sexiness with your style. Alexander Wang lace trim skirt, $895, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Glam up your evenings in a floor-length robe. La Perla robe, $2,185, similar styles available at laperla.com. SHOP Switch up your accessories game with this quilted belt handbag. Gucci quilted-velvet belt bag, $825, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Pavé diamonds update classic cameo earrings.  Hemmerle earrings, price upon request, similar styles available at hemmerle.com. SHOP Relax in splendor on a black velvet chaise. Maison Valentina chaise longue, $7,284, maisonvalentina.net.   SHOP Perfect any look with polished pearl accessories.  Gucci pendant pearl earrings, $680, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Go from day to night in a gossamer tiered skirt.  Brunello Cucinelli skirt, $1,125, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP Primping gets an upgrade with a brass-and-wood dressing table. Maison Valentina dressing table, $11,570, maisonvalentina.net.  SHOP A silky shift dress makes for the perfect day to night outfit.  T by Alexander Wang high shine shift dress, $495, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Black ribbons give this bag a gothic vibe.  J.W .Anderson bag, $1,930, shopBAZAAR.com.  SHOP Pick a classic style in a standout color. Prada velvet block-heel sandal, $990, neimanmarcus.com.  SHOP A gilded cigarette case doubles as a keepsake holder. Verdura vintage cigarette case, $31,000, betteridge.com.   SHOP Complete your luxe look with a chic textured blazer. Frame pink velvet blazer, $575, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Tinted round sunnies are the perfect piece to elevate any outfit. The Row Pink x Oliver Peoples sunglasses, $450, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP The beauties of fashion grace stylist Christopher Niquet's new book.  Models Matter by Christopher Niquet, $26, amazon.com. SHOP Speak your mind on a hammered-gold pendant. Gucci necklace, $1,100, gucci.com. SHOP Shine with every step in these sequined high-heels.  Rochas heels, $755, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Adorn your wrist with a structured golden bracelet that adds glamour to any look.  Proenza Schouler square bracelet, $725, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP
 The brand's Cruise 2020 show marked its first collection without Karl Lagerfeld.  Virginie Viard worked alongside Karl Lagerfeld at Chanel for over 30 years, but today marked her first solo collection for the house since Lagerfeld's passing in February. Presenting the brand's Cruise 2020 show in Paris, Viard ushered in the next era of Chanel while staying true to Karl's vision.  Throughout his tenure at Chanel, Lagerfeld became known for his over-the-top runway sets and themes—from airports to supermarkets and beaches. For Cruise 2020, the fashion house staged its runway in a Beaux-Arts style train station—with models walking on the train platform alongside the tracks. The show was held in Chanel's go-to Paris venue, the Grand Palais. And according to the brand, its train station set symbolized "the promise of an adventure."  Destination CHANEL — the House chose to reveal its #CHANELCruise collection in a Beaux-Arts style train station. Like the promise of an adventure, the Grand Palais is transformed with railroad tracks over which one can picture trains setting off for sunny destinations. pic.twitter.com/TPUWH74S8F  With a total of 79 runway looks, Viard's first solo collection included fresh takes on Chanel signatures like tweed and suiting—staying true to both Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld's aesthetics. But in this new era of Chanel, femininity appears more prominent and was played up with a series of bows adorning blouses, belts, and dresses.  Several looks paid nod to the '80s—from bright colored jackets to Chanel logo pants and boxy tweed blazers.  For the woman heading to the French Riviera, a series of white pants, colorful striped sweaters, and a Jackie O-inspired bandana made appearances.  Pastels and poplins ruled another group of looks on the runway—ranging from feminine suiting to ethereal print dresses.  Viard concluded with a series of looks done in the fashion house's classic white and black color palette. A range of 3-D floral applique dresses closed the show—acting as the real standouts of the collection.     And as always, it was all eyes on the new range of Chanel bags to debut. Viard introduced new elements to classic bags—like a mini hoop handle done on the classic quilt bag.  Belt bags remained a staple this season—with new tiny iterations and the introduction of a sportier double harness bag.  A tweed Chanel backpack featuring three leather pouches down the front also stood out from the pack.  And of course, there were plenty of new bright and colorful takes on the house's signature styles.  Many of Chanel's signature crowd attended the show—including Keira Knightley (who revealed her pregnancy), Lily Rose Depp, Vanessa Paradis, Caroline de Maigret, and Claudia Schiffer. Ali MacGraw, who stars in Chanel's latest watch campaign at 80 years old, was also notably in attendance.  
 The power of influencers. Logo It bags ruled the early 2000s as the ultimate must-have accessory.  And now, one of the decade’s most coveted, the Dior saddle bag, is officially making a comeback. Carried by everyone from Paris Hilton to Carrie Bradshaw and beyond, Dior's ubiquitous saddle bag ruled the early aughts—cementing its status as one of the key looks of the era. Though most often done in Dior's signature logo print, the It bag was offered in a wide array of styles, patterns and colors in its prime.  Carrie Bradshaw carrying a Dior saddle bag on Sex and the City, early 2000s: Now, thanks to the power of influencers and A-listers who've been sporting vintage styles of the bag on Instagram, the fashion house brought the iconic accessory back to the runway for its Fall 2018 show yesterday.  Though the show was mostly marked by its statement-making 1968 protest theme, nestled in the '60s-inspired collection were a few new iterations of the brand's saddle bag. Offered in black leather, the classic Dior logo and a new beaded version, the early 2000s must-have got a fresh makeover for its 2018 comeback.  Vintage styles of the Dior saddle bag have been quickly selling out on luxury resale sites like Vestiaire Collective and The RealReal for the past few months. The bag has been spotted on models like Bella Hadid and Elsa Hosk, along with a rising number of fashion bloggers on Instagram.    Elsa Hosk carries a vintage Dior saddle bag on Instagram, 2018:  🌴🌟🌴 A post shared by  elsa hosk (@hoskelsa) on Jan 2, 2018 at 10:08am PST Bella Hadid carries a vintage denim saddle bag, 2017: SHOP VINTAGE DIOR SADDLE BAGS A blogger carries a vintage Dior saddle bag, 2018:  from the sea to the sky - still in love with all the nuances of blue, especially with this dress by @samsoesamsoe . happy weekend babes! 📰 Love Deea A post shared by  Les factory Femmes (@lesfactoryfemmes) on Feb 23, 2018 at 10:09am PST Its comeback to the Dior runway proves the power of influencers in the digital age (just in case you weren't already aware of their effect). But while we've already seen some our favorite Instagram It girls wear the bag, it won't fully count until Paris Hilton or Nicole Richie sports the revival trend.  Mischa Barton with a Dior saddle bag, 2006. 
 Jeremy Scott announced the news at Coachella. H&M has just secured its next designer collaborator. Announcing the news at Coachella, Jeremy Scott revealed that he'd be working with the high street brand on a new collection. Scott revealed the news at the Moschino party, by projecting a call from Gigi Hadid onto the big screens at the event. H&M quickly confirmed the news on Instagram, revealing that the collection will launch on November 8, 2018. The brand wrote, "We told you to stand by—and now we can finally tell you. We're collaborating with fashion's most fun and charismatic brand, @MOSCHINO." Put the date in your diary, right now.  We told you to stand by — and now we can finally tell you. We're collaborating with fashion's most fun and charismatic brand, @MOSCHINO ❤️📺 To be released 8 Nov 2018. — REACT NOW at #HMOSCHINO A post shared by  H&M (@hm) on Apr 15, 2018 at 1:51am PDT According to an official press release, "H&M’s next designer collaboration is with MOSCHINO—the iconic Italian brand to which Jeremy Scott has injected a new pop energy since he became Creative Director in 2013. The collection, MOSCHINO [tv] H&M, will be available online and in select H&M stores worldwide." Apparently the new collection, MOSCHINO [tv] H&M, is filled with "vitality, playfulness and humor," and comprises a "full range of accessories and some extra surprises too." H&M has previously worked with designers including Balmain, Karl Lagerfeld, Stella McCartney, Alexander Wang, Versace, Erdem, and Marni, and their collaboration with Moschino is likely to sell out quickly. Of the partnership, Scott revealed in a press release, "I am so excited about MOSCHINO [tv] H&M. My life's work has been to connect with people through fashion, and with this collaboration I’ll be able to reach more of my fans than I’ve ever had the ability to do."
 "It's really important to take advantage of a time like this." 23-year-old model Theodora Quinlivan (who goes by Teddy) is a regular at fashion show catwalks. Discovered by Louis Vuitton creative director Nicolas Ghesquière in 2015, she's walked in and worked for campaigns from many of fashion's biggest names. But it's only now that she's shared her trans identity with others, and in an interview with CNN, Quinlivan explained why it felt so important for her to come out as trans now: Part of the reason, Quinlivan also shared, that she came out is because of the reported increase in violence against LGBTQ people in recent years, particularly against trans women of color: Quinlivan, who transitioned when she was 16, did share some of her anxieties about revealing her trans identity. She ultimately determined that in a world still short on trans role models, it was important for her to contribute to a narrative of visibility, working toward larger acceptance: Read the whole interview here, and watch a short film about Quinlivan's story below: Follow Lilian on Twitter. 
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Models, designers, celebrities, and more pay tribute to the fashion legend.   The fashion world lost one of its most prominent figures today with the passing of Karl Lagerfeld. The designer, who was 85 years old, led a prolific career in fashion, most notably in his work as creative director at Chanel, Fendi, and his own namesake brand. His death was confirmed this morning in a statement from the house of Chanel.  Over the course of six-decade career, Lagerfeld touched the lives of those both in and out of the fashion world. From models to muses, designers, and celebrities, Lagerfeld left a lasting impact on everyone he worked with. As we reflect on the designer's incredible legacy, we're looking to all those paying tribute to him today.  From fellow designers like Donatella Versace and Virgil Abloh to legendary supermodels like Iman and Naomi Campbell, this is how the fashion world is honoring and remembering Karl Lagerfeld. House of Chanel Fendi  Karl Lagerfeld, the brand Glenda Bailey, Editor-in-Chief of Harper's BAZAAR Carine Roitfeld   Iman Linda Evangelista Naomi Campbell Gisele Bündchen Cindy Crawford Rihanna   Bella Hadid Gigi Hadid Victoria Beckham David Beckham Donatella Versace Carla Bruni Alber Elbaz Gwyneth Paltrow Marion Cotillard Adut Akech Lily Rose Depp Kaia Gerber Marc Jacobs  Waking up to a world without Karl. So sad. And strange. He was a great inspiration to me, and, undeniably a unique and extraordinary talent. RESPECT. Rest In Peace KL 🖤 pic.twitter.com/acgFLlc76l  Virgil Abloh Alexandre Vauthier Karlie Kloss Tim Blanks Kris Jenner Liu Wen Diane Kruger Kim Kardashian West We lost a true legend! You were such an inspiration to the world! You shot my first fashion shoot & I was so nervous to work w such an icon! The world is so much chicer because u existed! I’m beyond honored to have had the opportunity to work w u. U are so loved & will be missed pic.twitter.com/0BSXoLDNN7 Alexa Chung Soo Joo Park Alexander Wang Lindsay Lohan Caitriona Balfe Antoine Arnault Alexander Arnault
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 It's called FASHION, look it up.  As the Fall 2018 collections make their debut at New York Fashion Week, there's sure to be plenty of statement-making accessories hitting the runways—from boots to "Pussy Power" bags and beyond.  But at Chromat's Fall 2018 show, the most unexpected accessory in perhaps all of NYFW history hit the runway: Flamin' Hot Cheetos. Yes, Flamin' Hot Cheetos, the signature snack of Britney Jean Spears.  Redefining the art of pockets, a model walking the show used the bungee cord detailing on a pair of pants to hold a bag of Cheetos as she walked—and snacked—down the runway, as one of course does.    This, my friends, is FASHUN and I am fully here for it.  Another model who didn't have the luxury of bungee cord pockets simply made do and carried her bag of Cheetos like this season's hottest clutch.  Aside from the flamin' hot snacks, however, Chromat also made waves at NYFW with its truly diverse, body positive, and inclusive lineup of models. Along with featuring models of various races and ethnicities, Chromat designer Becca McCharen-Tran also had several plus-size models walk the show.  The message of body positivity and acceptance did not go unnoticed.  Also joining in as a model was Viktoria Modesta, an amputee singer-songwriter who wore a prosthetic leg to walk the show.  From the laid-back vibes of accessorizing with Cheetos and pool noodles to the inclusive casting, Chromat's Fall 2018 show was a much-needed breath of fresh air  and positivity at New York Fashion Week. Here's to more brands following suit. 
 From an oversized blazer to a denim on denim suit, shop our favorite blue jean looks for the season.  If you ask us, we think denim looks best doubled up this season. Denim on denim has always had a certain reputation under the nickname Canadian tuxedo, but these looks are so much more than that. Whether you're ready to try some denim suiting, or take your jeans obsession head-to-toe, get into our favorite blue (and black!) jean looks of the season.   Give your jeans look some polish like author Elaine Welteroth who opted for a denim suit with her signature white boots.  Tibi blazer, $595, pants, $450, net-a-porter.com. SHOP All denim doesn't have to be a perfect match—switch it up with a multi-hue patchwork jacket that will work with any of your jeans.  Frame jacket, $365, frame-store.com. SHOP Why stop at a denim top and bottoms? Commit to the look like Rihanna and throw a pair of denim boots into the mix as well.  Influencer Xenia Adonts isn't the only one who's loving some oversized denim. White booties keep the look feeling fresh.  Ingorokova shirt, $370, farfetch.com. SHOP Ingorokova pants, $225, farfetch.com.  SHOP If your standard blue jeans are boring you, swap it for all black denim for a cooler take. We're taking a page from Christine Centenera's book and always keep things simple. The stylist pairs her classic black denim with black pointed pumps and sunglasses.  Saint Laurent sunglasses, $355, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Stuart Weitzman heels, $350, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 Meet Dolce & Gabbana’s Sicily 58 and 62. The perfect work bag needs to tick a lot of boxes: functional, organized, elegant, versatile, durable, and—last but not least—good-looking. Fortunately, Dolce&Gabbana’s new Sicily bags fit the bill. The Italian brand has reinterpreted the brand’s iconic style, updating its construction and using superior quality leathers for their sophisticated new take.  Drawing inspiration from the birthdays of Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana (who were born in 1958 and 1962, respectively), Sicily 58 and Sicily 62 bags mirror the traditions of the Italian maison with the needs of today’s woman. The best part? They work for just about any type of office environment and the role you play within it, whether you’re running the ship at a corporate office or a freelancer taking meetings across town.   Fashion can be tricky to master when you're always on the go, but the new Sicily bags will have you covered—the minimalist and elegant bags easily fit your phone, laptop, headphones, emergency beauty kit, extra pair of shoes, sleeping mask, and passport. The practical and versatile must-have will make a seamless transition from desk duties to airport layovers. Whatever your #outfitoftheday, the Sicily 58 and Sicily 62 are the perfect complement. Their detachable and ultra-functional top handles can be changed or customized with different colors and materials, from semi-transparent and leather styles to studded and embroidered ones.  
   Spacious yet compact, Sicily 58 and Sicily 62 make for the quintessential day bag. No matter where you’re headed—or how you plan to get there—they won’t slow you down. Carry yours by hand if you’re just catching a cab, or wear it as a crossbody if your days typically involve a bit more walking.  Classic but modern, Sicily 58 bag features an external flap at the front of the bag, giving it the iconic shape for which it’s known. Sicily 62 bag, on the other hand, is a shopper style, featuring a central opening on both sides. The two spacious compartments will keep all your daily necessities handy—which is pretty nice for architects or engineers who are running from the studio to the construction site all day long.
 The 2017 Love advent calendar is finally here.  Every year, Love Magazine gifts us all the ultimate holiday present: its super sexy advent calendar. Always featuring a model and star-studded cast, the 25-day video series has spotlighted everyone from Kim Kardashian West to Pamela Anderson and Bella Hadid in the past. Today, the magazine kicked off its 2017 calendar with the most model-filled workout video of all time.  And when I say model-filled, I mean model-filled. The Day 1 compilation video stars everyone from Emily Ratajkowski and Ashley Graham to Gigi and Bella Hadid to some of your favorite Victoria's Secret Angels. Directed by Phil Poynter, the workout-themed video celebrates strong, sexy women and features background vocals with the mantra, "Women are the wave of the future, stronger than anything." The full lineup includes a whopping 27 models: Jasmine Sanders, Ashley Graham, Emily Ratajkowski, Kendall Jenner, Gigi and Bella Hadid, Slick Woods, Doutzen Kroes, Sara Sampaio, Elsa Hosk, Winnie Harlow, Kate Upton, Jourdan Dunn, Barbara Palvin, Teyana Taylor, Hailey Baldwin, Stella Maxwell, Karlie Kloss, Romee Strijd, Shanina Shaik, Taylor Hill, Grace Elizabeth, Madison Beer, Alexis Ren, Hannah Ferguson, Camila Morrone, and Sistine Stallone—did you spot them all?  It kicks off with Jasmine Sanders training in a boxing ring:  Then features a ton of models each doing their own form of training. From Ashley Graham doing sprints down the street... ...to Teyana Taylor boxing (in red lingerie, nonetheless). There are a variety of workouts spotlighted like tennis, push-ups, lifting weights and more.  Plus, Bella Hadid flipping a giant tire as the grand finale.  The most heroic and relatable, however, is Emily Ratajkowski who opts to eat spaghetti for her workout of choice. Same, girl.  Now we just have to standby and see how the next 24 days of videos could possibly top Day 1. 
 The legendary actress is the new face of Gucci's timepieces and jewelry. Before she became a Hollywood actress and muse to Alfred Hitchcock, Tippi Hedren was a successful fashion model throughout the 1950s. Now, over fifty years later, the legendary actress is returning to her modeling roots as the face of Gucci's latest campaign.  At 88 years old, Hedren, who's mother to Melanie Griffith and grandmother to Dakota Johnson, stuns in the new ads for Gucci jewelry and timepieces. The icon stars as a mysterious fortune teller reading the palms and crystal balls of young models in the new campaign.  While reading a gold crystal ball, Hedren wears several layered gold bangles and bracelets along with the brand's snake-inspired rings. She also wears an Alessandro Michele-designed Gucci print dress.  SHOP GUCCI JEWELRY Gucci's casting of Hedren follows the industry's ongoing shift to embrace more age diverse campaigns. Last year, Lauren Hutton starred in ads for Calvin Klein Underwear at 73 years old—defying the idea that only 20-something women could model bras and underwear. Previously, Gucci has also cast 79-year-old actress Vanessa Redgrave in one if its cruise campaigns.  Hedren's new modeling gig for Gucci is also somewhat of a family affair. The actress' granddaughter, Dakota Johnson, has previously starred in a campaign for Gucci's Bloom fragrance and has sat front row at many of the brand's runway shows due to her friendship with creative director Alessandro Michele.  The screen siren is most known for her roles in films like The Birds and Marnie. Her acting career was cut short following her working relationship with Hollywood director Alfred Hitchcock, whom the actress accused of harassment. At the height of the #MeToo and Time's Up movements last fall, the actress spoke out about her own abusive experiences in the industry that led her to walk away from the limelight. pic.twitter.com/cgyYTZtpaN
 Get ready for the return of sky-high platforms. We're always on the hunt for swoon-worthy new shoes to add to our closets—and the Spring 2020 runways are serving up some seriously good options. From the return of sky-high platform heels to reimagined loafers and lace-up sandals, next season’s shoe trends have a little something to offer everyone. Though there’s still some time before sandal weather returns, we rounded up all the best footwear from the runways of New York, London, Milan, and Paris that will define spring’s top shoe trends. Get acquainted with the season's standout shoes and prepare for some serious lust ahead. 
 See the singer's best looks.  Rihanna is just as much a sartorial risk taker as she is a musical hit maker. Leave it to the singer to step out in a sheer dress with nothing underneath, an ensemble made entirely of pink fur, or her special edition chaps-style Manolo boots under only a t-shirt. She may crush the red carpet each time she walks on it (the 2014 CFDA's, anyone?) but don't let that distract from her equally impressive streetwear. Here, keep up to date on her boldest looks.  In a William Vintage John Galliano Spring 1995 kimono dress and strappy black Manolo Blahnik shoes at the premiere of Queen & Slim at the AFI film festival in Los Angeles. She accessorized with a Jimmy Choo clutch and jewelry from David Webb, Loree Rodkin, and Neil Lane.  In a white pullover by The Frankie Shop, leather skirt by Fenty, lace-up pumps, sunglasses, croc clutch, and oversized hoop earrings while arriving to a Fabergé event in London.  In a silver, asymmetrical Alexandre Vauthier dress, matching futuristic sunglasses, oversized hoop earrings, a watch, and strappy, flower-accented sandals at the Savage X Fenty show in Brooklyn, NY. In a black sleeveless hoodie, sweat pants, pointed-toe shoes, Warby Parker x Off-White sunglasses, and a mini taxi-print handbag by Delvaux at New York's JFK airport.  In a leather suit by Fenty at the 2019 BET Awards.  In a hot pink mini dress and matching stilettos from FENTY, oversized sunglasses, blue drop earrings, diamond bracelets, and carrying a white mini handle bag. In a white Fenty blazer dress, layered jewelry, ankle bracelets, and nude sandals for the launch of her Fenty fashion line in Paris, France.  In a bright yellow ensemble with ankle-strap pumps, oversized sunglasses, and a mini tote bag by Medea while leaving a Fenty Beauty event in London. For dinner in LA, Rihanna dons a winter white Louis Vuitton sweatsuit with a custom-made pair of tonal Olgana Paris Celeste Mink Sandal.  SHOP NOW In a blush oversized blazer, champagne slip dress, heeled sandals, and a white Fendi mini peekaboo bag while out in NYC. Shop In a neon green top under a baggy navy coat, black skinny pants, high heel boots, an on-trend waist bag, and oversized frames while out in NYC.  For Halloween, Rih was spotted in a black latex corset, tonal slim-fit pants and gloves when she left Annabel's Halloween Party in Mayfair, London, England with bubblegum face paint on and  and rose-tinted sunglasses. In a figure-hugging pale pink sleeveless mini dress for a Fenty Beauty anniversary event at Sephora's Pitt Street store in Sydney. In a custom made-to-order strapless snakeskin mini dress from Atelier Versace with matching bucket hat, heels from Louboutin, and jewels from Chopard for a Fenty Beauty press appearance in Sydney. In a metallic gold trench coat dress with nude heels, diamond chain and earrings for a talk about her recently released Stunna Lip paint in the shade Uninvited in Dubai. In a fuchsia Calvin Klein strapless gown with ruffle trim for a fête at Sephora inside JCP in Brooklyn, New York. In a brown ruched tube dress and matching headscarf while backstage at the Savage x Fenty lingerie runway during New York Fashion Week. In a white utilitarian wide leg jumpsuit (from Virgil Abloh's debut Louis Vuttion collection), a pair of killer pumps, angular sunglasses and not one, but three bags for the Vuitton show in Paris.  In a custom baby blue silk Matthew Adams Dolan dress and matching Stalvey beauty case bag  at the Fenty X Stance launch in NYC In a Givenchy dress at the Ocean's 8 premiere.  In baggy white high-waisted pants, an oversized white denim jacket, a Balenciaga bag, a newsboy cap, and Alain Mikli x Alexandre Vauthier 'Nadège' sunglasses. in an oversized sheer gray sparkly two-piece, silver chains, and rectangular shades at her Met Gala after-party at NYC's Up & Down. Attending the Gucci, Wooster St, New York store opening. Wearing a Yankees cap and embroidered jacket, with camo pants, lace heels, and a sheer top. in a denim skirt won as a top under a pink feather-boa-collared jacket, with distressed jeans, PVC heels, a white purse, and blue-tinted sunglasses while out in NYC. in a fitted black leather Versace tulip dress cinched with a gold-buckle belt, accessorized with stacked bracelets on both wrists, and strappy Tom Ford heels for Fenty Beauty's Body Lava launch event in Milan. Rihanna wears a gray plaid suit, white pumps, and thin gold necklaces while meeting Emmanuel Macron, the President of France, for a conference hosted by the Global Partnership for Education in Dakar, Senegal. Wearing a flame-dyed, floor-length, fur coat, with a white, lace-up corset. Posted on Instagram. In an Alexander McQueen men's robe coat with ankle wrap pumps while leaving China Tang restaurant in London, England.  In a white oversized shirt over a cropped zip-up jacket and mini skirt by Tom Ford, Off-White "For Walking" boots, hoop earrings, and a diamond choker necklace after performing with Kendrick Lamar at the annual TDE Christmas Concert in Watts, CA. In a Dolce & Gabbana coat, Céline graphic tee, long belt, oversized jeans, silver pumps, large hoop earrings, and black Fenty Beauty lipstick in an Instagram photo. 
 The Fifth Element actress is captivating... Balmain is thinking outside of the standard fashion box to get the word out on its Fall collection, rolling out to retail now. Considered "Volume 1" of a fresh communications strategy, the brand released an artful video starring actress Milla Jovovich, a project under creative director Olivier Rousteing, with a video directed by Jake Nava and photographed by An Le. "I seriously doubt that there could be a better fit than Milla for this campaign. There are so many reasons why," Rousteing explains. "She’s talented: She’s been a hero of mine since I watched (and re-watched) all of her films while growing up. Beyond being a singularly talented actor, she’s the perfect representative of the strong, confident and talented Balmain woman of today." The list goes on. "She’s beautiful," the social media savvy designer explains, "Milla is the embodiment of the glamour of the ‘90s and she has a unique and compelling beauty that that absolutely fascinates me. Like Balmain, she manages to be both timeless and modern. She’s uniquely qualified for this project: For this collection, we wanted a new strong, message that honed in on the essential—and Milla helped us with that. Her confidence and talent comes through in each shot and in every movement of her performance." The video is a sound and movement experiment with all eyes on Jovovich. "Above all, I wanted to present this collection in a new and unexpected manner. My team and I decided to show these designs in the exact opposite way that they first were presented, many months ago, on the runway—and, instead, concentrate on a more intimate and compelling presentation in a completely distinct environment." For the actual process, Jovovich approached the experience with an actor's sensibility. "There was a choreographer on set that showed me some things I could do potentially, tapping my feet for instance, clapping, scraping the chair across the floor and using it in interesting ways to move around, rather than just sitting in it," the supermodel told BAZAAR.com.  But of course, it's still about the fashion. "Then when I got into the clothes, I started to visualize different types of movements I could do that would look striking and strong on camera, but that would also create some cool sounds. Jake Nava, the director, was wonderful as well because we were able to work very closely while I was being filmed. He would talk to me while I was on camera and let me know to stop for a few moments and let the camera get closer or move away and catch a particular pose or moment that he liked. He would tell me to take on different characters, expressions, give a smile, laugh." The campaign ended up being very much about a collaboration between the actress and the brand, "This is much more about Milla doing what she does best: performing,"Rousteing says, "It shows the collection while making very clear the connection between those designs and the beauty, strength and glamour of one of my favorite actors. I see this short film as a fresh and new way to complement the campaign’s images, giving a bit of the story behind each shot."
 The model talks holiday plans, gift giving, and her new design project for FAO Schwarz.  Gigi Hadid is channeling her inner kid to get in the holiday spirit this year. The supermodel is no stranger to design collaborations, but her latest ventures off the runway and into the toy realm for the reopening of New York's iconic FAO Schwarz.   Making for an unexpected collaboration, the famed toy store tapped Hadid to design new uniforms for the toy soldiers at its soon-to-be-opened New York flagship. Last night, the model (dressed in an equally playful Moschino suit) unveiled her designs at a FAO Schwarz event and later on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon.  "They’ve never had someone come in and design the toy soldier uniforms," Hadid gushed to BAZAAR.com ahead of the event, "So the soldiers who greet the kids at the door and are the heart and soul of FAO Schwarz will be wearing my designs. It’s really cool because I grew up loving FAO Schwarz."  "I had one of the giant plush giraffe toys in my room," she recalled excitedly, "I remember going to the store as a kid and just running around, touching everything, and taking it all in. I think it’s really important to have a place for kids to go experience the fun of toys and discovery."  Hadid's newly-designed uniforms feature red double-breasted jackets with gold epaulettes covering the shoulders and a tall hat with gold detailing—including some mini FAO building blocks. On Instagram, she shared a behind-the-scenes look at some of her sketches for the project.   My inner child has been bursting with excitement and pride to be part of an ICONIC revival in #NYC : #ReturnToWonder ‼️‼️ Tune in to @fallontonight Tuesday night 10/23 as my friend @jimmyfallon helps me reveal a surprise @FAOSchwarz and I have been dying to share ❤️🗽🎊🎖😁 A post shared by  Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Oct 20, 2018 at 5:14am PDT Proving she's still a kid at heart, Gigi later danced on a replica of FAO Schwarz's famous giant piano and hugged a giant stuffed animal giraffe, similar to the one she owned growing up. For the occasion, she even got an FAO-themed manicure that paid homage to the same giraffe.    With the holidays quickly approaching, she also reflected on some of the Hadid family's favorite Christmas traditions—making us all want to get in the spirit early this year. As usual, she's planning on spending the holidays at her family's farm house.  "Holidays are always just with the family. We love going to the farm and we do a lot of cooking, hanging out, fire pits, and movie nights—stuff like that. It’s just a very calm time to be together and do fun things," she revealed. "We all cook something different on Christmas. I'm usually on pie duty, so I make like five different kinds of pies, but I always like to do something fun and random. One year I made Santa’s Sleigh out of candy and cupcakes, I love creative projects like that."   As for gifts, she's not exactly sure what she's giving everyone this year, but for her, personal gifts are the most important. "I love writing notes for the holidays. I do it for my family and also for everyone that I work with, I always send notes," she explained.  In fact, all of the Hadids like to participate in writing thoughtful letters to each other on the holidays. "It’s so funny because Christmas morning is not cute for us because we’re crying over everyone's really long notes. We’re always like ‘I’ll read them later!! Don’t show me your note!!!” because we’ll all cry. It’s like 'let’s open presents first and then we’ll read them alone in our rooms by ourselves,'" she laughed.   ❤️We may not have it all together but together we have it all...... Merry Christmas from our family to yours, may your home be filled with love and light during this Holliday season #Christmas2017 #HomeSweetHome #FamilyTime A post shared by  YOLANDA (@yolanda.hadid) on Dec 25, 2017 at 3:02pm PST The new FAO Schwarz is set to open at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in NYC on November 16.
 Lil' Kim was a big influence. Kim Kardashian is known for reinventing herself, especially for magazine photoshoots, but her latest transformation is really something. In the forthcoming issue of CR Fashion Book, Kim trades in her distinctive style, for some '90s-inspired red carpet looks. CR enlisted photographer Petra Collins for the shoot, to capture the iconic Kardashian as she replicated some of the most famous fashion looks from the '90s. And the two most important style icons for the team: Lil' Kim's look from the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards, and Pamela Anderson's '90s red carpet style. Here's Kim channeling Pamela Anderson, wearing a long, platinum blonde wig: And here's her Lil' Kim inspired-look, which she pulls off with aplomb: Kim most definitely suits that pink hair. The 1999-themed, Issue 11 of CR Fashion Book hits newsstands on September 7. 
From: Marie Claire US

 Day 11 is here—and it's freeform day!  Continuing the "stay strong" theme of this year's Love Advent calendar, Gigi Hadid sweats it out for Day 11 of the video series.  The model put her own spin on the calendar's workout theme by declaring it "freeform day" at the beginning of her video. Wearing a red Tommy Hilfiger x Gigi Hadid sports bra and leggings (emblazoned with her name, of course), she sports slick wet hair as she hits around a volleyball and practices some boxing moves.  Besides her impressive boxing and volleyball skills (she was actually a competitive volleyball player in high school), Hadid appears to be mostly un-retouched and is flaunting her underarm hair. Considering women's body hair is rarely embraced—let alone heralded as sexy—it's a bold move for both Hadid and the Love Advent series. We're here for it.  "I love seeing everyone else's videos," Hadid says of her inclusion in this year's series. "It's celebratory of epic human beings and always pushes boundaries. The fashion circle is a family, so the Love Advent kind of feels like a Holiday Year Book in a way. Headmaster Grand style." The model joins this year's Love Advent lineup of models including Kendall Jenner, Sara Sampaio, Ashley Graham, Slick Woods, Emily Ratajkowski, Rita Ora, Doutzen Kroes, and more. Still set to appear in the 2017 workout-inspired calendar is Gigi's younger sister Bella. According to a teaser video, her workout of choice is flipping over a giant tire while wearing red lingerie—a move only slightly less relatable than Gigi's.   
 We break down three vintage street style looks. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In the latest episode of  This Look is Money, we explore the best of vintage wear by talking to three of fashion’s latest influencers. Below, Ashley aka Best Dressed, Kelsey Simone, and Sai De Silva breakdown their outfits that you can shop right now.  Who are you wearing? How much did it cost? What favors are you calling in? Think: something old, something new, something borrowed, and something bought resale. Prepare yourself for some major fashion inspiration.   This recent UCLA film grad has a passion for vintage fashion. “Sustainability is something that I’m really passionate about and that I’m trying to incorporate more into my wardrobe, but I also recognize that it’s such an elitist issue to ask somebody to pay $200 for a sustainably made Reformation dress,” Ashley said. “I know buying sustainable can be really expensive, so that is why I love thrift shopping.” The YouTuber donned a thrifted white slip dress featuring a fitted lace bodice. Over the slip, she also showed off another thrift store gem: a black denim jacket with embroidery on the back. “The big things that I splurge on are basics and things that need structural integrity,” Ashley said. “So, that would be shoes and jeans.” She stepped out in a pair of Reformation’s Becca Suede Ankle Boots (at $600, it’s the most expensive piece in Ashley’s fit). She finished the look off with layered necklaces by Vanessa Mooney and Melody Eshani and self-designed earrings. A black fanny pack by Brandon Blackwood also made the cut.   Fashion, beauty and lifestyle YouTuber Kelsey Simone has a sense of style that’s European-inspired and relies on vintage pieces to get the job done. “I probably wear more vintage pieces than I do anything else,” Simone said. Her vintage Chanel kitten heels would fit right in on the pavements of Paris. She paired the sophisticated shoes with a pair of Chloé slacks, featuring a horse decal on the side, which she purchased at a vintage store. For her top, Simone opted for a simple white sweater, which she says is a more relaxed piece compared to her bold pants.  To accessorize, she stacked gold rings from Argento Vivo and wore her trusty J’ADIOR studs. She also towed along a vintage black handbag.   Blogger Sai De Silva describes her style as a toss between “feminine” and “tomboy chic.”  In this episode, De Silva rocked a vintage white yoke skirt, which she purchased from the Brooklyn Flea Market. The skirt’s pockets and buttons make it a conveniently chic vintage piece that you can dress up or down. She also sported an old school Brooks Brothers men’s button down shirt, which was altered to have a frayed hem and a light tie-dye pattern. “You know what? I thought I was gonna be the only one to like it,” De Silva said of her funky shirt. “But, lo and behold, tie-dye is back, baby.” For shoes, De Silva opted for a clean pair of Supergas. “I’m a mom on the go,” she said. “I care about what I look like. I always come back to Supergas because they’re comfortable and, I mean, they can really jazz up a look.” The YouTuber accessorized with a white, wallet on chain bag by YSL, chunky golden necklaces, a vintage Rolex watch, and black diamond rings. She also showed off a pair of black shades with gold rimming, which she also purchased secondhand. “Gold frames go with everything,” she said. “And hello? You look chic while you’re in the sun.” Watch the rest of the video above to see all the pieces Ashley, Kelsey, and Sai are wearing and add them to your cart. Don't forget to subscribe to BAZAAR's YouTube channel so you never miss an episode of This Looks is Money, Go To Bed With Me, Royal Tea with Rickey Thompson, Heel Hunters, Little Black Book, and Food Diaries. 
 The mother-daughter catwalk moment unfolded at Elie Tahari's 45th anniversary show.  Christie Brinkley and Sailor Brinkley Cook brought some mother-daughter modeling to Day 1 of New York Fashion Week.  The supermodel, who just turned 65 this week, returned to the catwalk to close out Elie Tahari's 45th anniversary show. Turning it into a mother-daughter affair, her 20-year-old daughter Sailor walked the same show, giving her mom a high five as the two passed each other on the runway.    For their runway looks, Christie donned an emerald velvet suit, while Sailor wore a navy velvet dress complete with sparkling sleeves and knee-high boots. After the show, the two posed backstage in their matching velvet outfits.     Sailor and me on the same runway ! We’re on a HIGH...Five✋🏼🖐🏼Thank you @elietahari  for the honor of walking in your 45th anniversary show! But there was NO WAY I could keep my game face on ...when I saw my daughter strutting the runway I could not do anything but Smile! Thank you Eli for this #majorproudmommoment #major #moment #milestone #nyfw #fashionshow #models #elietahari #45 #elitahari45thanniversary #motherdaughter #runway A post shared by  Christie Brinkley (@christiebrinkley) on Feb 7, 2019 at 2:02pm PST  This marks the first time the mother-daughter duo has walked the runway together, though they have modeled together in the past. In 2017, the two posed alongside Brinkley's eldest daughter, Alexa Ray Joel, in the swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated. For the shoot, the trio wore coordinating black bathing suits.   Yes! I am excited to announce that I  am back in @si_swimsuit ..I figured with my gorgeous daughters  @alexarayjoel and @sailorbrinkleycook  by my side whose going to be looking at me! Oh and My kids think I walk on water, so let's not mention the apple box concealed just under the surface. For a preview check out @people.com ..and thank you Sports Illustrated for sending the powerful message that good things come in packages of every size and we do not come with an expiration date! 🌸🌴psI can’t wait to see everyone at VIBES on Feb 17th and 18th in Houston! #proudmomhere! #vibes A post shared by  Christie Brinkley (@christiebrinkley) on Feb 6, 2017 at 6:22pm PST One thing's certain: supermodel genes run strong. Now all we need is Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber to walk down the runway together next.  
 The actress produced a new film and shot a project for J Brand in the name of ending human trafficking... Kate Bosworth is wearing many different hats—actress, of course, producer, photographer and activist, with her eyes set on ending human sex trafficking. Bosworth took on a producer role for the upcoming narrative feature film NONA, the tag line of which reads, "A girl from Honduras meets Hecho, who promises to get her safely to America to reunite with her mother. Instead, Nona faces a perilous journey when he doesn't deliver on that promise." Bosworth started down this path after a seemingly simple news story.  "Michael [Polish, Bosworth's husband] and I heard a story on the radio about a sex house busted near our own house. It said there were 44 known sex houses, which of course means there’s many more than that. We realized that we didn’t know enough about human and sex trafficking and so we started to do a little bit of research and quickly realized that it’s a global epidemic," she told BAZAAR.com. "People think it’s something that doesn’t affect the U.S., but it’s a tragic, homegrown problem."  Sex trafficking affects the most vulnerable populations—children fleeing poverty-stricken and dangerous countries, those in the foster care system, homeless youth—"they’re taken out of an already difficult situation," Bosworth explains, "and sold into slavery and sex trafficking. Then when they’re found by the authorities, they’re considered criminals because they’re 'prostitutes.' The traffickers are highly intelligent, it’s not something that couldn’t happen to you or your daughter or your friend." Nona, written, co-produced and directed by Bosworth's husband Michael Polish, focuses on the story of one young girl to give a face to human trafficking. "Nona is the purest production we’ve put out, the greatest labor of love. We paid for it ourselves. We took an unknown actress from El Salvador, made it entirely in Spanish, in the face of potential violence. The danger that the group [of filmmakers] put themselves in was not going to be insured easily, so we said we just have to do this, we put all our chips in." That unknown actress is Sulem Calderon, who just won an award for her portrayal of Nona at the Richmond Film Festival. Bosworth recently shot Calderon in a series of images for J Brand, a project that came about after a serendipitous meeting. "I had lunch with Mary [Peffer, Senior Director of Brand Creative and Communications] and she was looking for more creative projects, so I asked her to consider me. She trusted my vision." "I suggested that we shoot Sulem. She has a beautiful, international face... she’s a gorgeous girl, as well as being talented and bright. I wanted a woman shooting a woman." For her first foray behind the lens professionally, Bosworth shot in her own home with her own manual Leica, a craft she has studied with her husband for the past six years. The images also resulted in a collaboration with the denim brand after a tee that Bosworth had her husband write "Love" on looked good enough to sell.  J Brand will be selling a limited run of its Caroline Long Sleeve Tee with custom LOVE stitching on jbrandjeans.com beginning May 2. One hundred percent of the proceeds will be donated to the anti-trafficking charity, CAST.
 It's the ultimate luxury symbol for a committed relationship... This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. The Cartier Love Bracelet has become one of the most iconic pieces of jewelry in the world. Since it is comprised of two pieces that need to be bolted together with a tiny Cartier screwdriver, it requires a partner to put it on, making it the ultimate symbol of a committed relationship. Watch the complete history of the bracelet above, and shop more jewelry trends here. 
 Bask in the shade of this season's hottest hats.   As you're dreaming of hot, sunny beach days ahead, there's no better way to get your summer wardrobe ready than by shopping a chic new sunhat. From bucket hats to classic Panamas, dramatic wide-brim beach hats, and the return of visors, there are plenty of hat trends to top off your look with this season. Shop the hottest hats of Summer 2018—before the fashion set scoops them all up. Visors are back this season but if you're not ready to dive head-first into the trend, this wide-brim straw look makes for a perfect way to test the waters.  Hat Attack visor, $80, revolve.com. SHOP Whether on vacation or out running errands, this striped newsboy cap instantly upgrades even the simplest of summer looks to a whole new level.  Brixton fiddler cap, $42, revolve.com. SHOP What better way to top off your beach or poolside look than with the help of a dramatic, frayed wide-brim hat? Sensi Studio wide-brim hat, $171, revolve.com. SHOP Making for an unexpected hat trim, bring a touch of blue denim into your look with this white fedora.  Melissa Odabash fedora, $135, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Sure, we've got straw beach bags and straw hats, but a straw visor? Yes, please. This accessory is sure to take over Instagram the second summer hits.  Storets straw visor, $35, storets.com. SHOP Whether topping off a pretty summer dress or beachy vacation look, a wide-brim boater is a no-fail hat option.  Janessa Leone boater hat, $310, revolve.com. SHOP Yes, yet another '90s trend is back and yes, you'll be wanting to try a bucket hat again this season.  Topshop bucket hat, $26, topshop.com. SHOP Every glamorous woman needs a grosgrain-trimmed straw hat.  Eugenia Kim hat, $465, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Dior's vinyl visor is already It Girl-approved, but its reign isn't slowing down anytime soon.  Dior visor, $385, barneys.com. SHOP Embrace one of the season's hottest prints with a polka dot trimmed hat.  Maison Michel polka dot trimmed hat, $810, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Instantly add some Parisian girl vibes to any outfit with this striped boater visor.  Eugenia Kim hat, $295, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Logos aren't just for bags this season—the comeback trend is taking over headwear too.  Gucci hat, $915, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Depart from the typical neutral hued hat options with this pink and red Gigi Burris style.  Gigi Burris hat, $395, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP A bucket hat that will go with virtually everything in your closet.  Maison Michel hat, $520, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP
 All for under $100.  With warmer weather right around the corner, it's officially time to start leaning into your spring and summer wardrobe. From sandals to swimwear and bags, this season is filled with a range of fun pieces to shop. But nothing is quite as effortless and easy-to-wear as the perfect summer dress. From colorful prints to mini and maxi lengths, shop the best affordable dresses of the season—all for under $100.   It's officially summer, which means yes, you need some gingham in your life.  From the office to the weekend, day to night, meet your new go-to dress for spring and summer. Easy, breezy, and ideal for accessorizing a million different ways.  If you're not totally sold on summer's tie-dye trend, test the waters with this subtle print dress.  This tropical print mini dress looks way more luxe than its price tag.  The milkmaid dress is taking over this season and this floral iteration is the perfect way to get the look.  A clean slate to build upon the perfect summer look. Just add a straw hat, basket bag, and sandals.  From date night to all of summer's music festivals, this daisy printed mini dress is about to be your new favorite.  A denim dress that isn't too stiff or structured.  Bring on the sunshine with this bright polka dot midi dress.  H&M's Eco-Conscious collection is full of good finds—including this breezy floral minidress.  Channel Meghan Markle in this belted and buttoned midi dress.   A breeze maxi dress for all your summer weekends and beach getaways.  Coachella or not, this colorful crochet maxi dress brings on all the warmest summer vibes.  A long-sleeved boho dress that'll take you through music festival season and beyond.  If you've got polka dot fatigue, try this updated heart-print version instead.  Trade in your go-to floral prints for playful summer-inspired fruits.  Channel the '70s in this print dress that's complete with a matching neck scarf.  The perfect summer LBD. 
 I don’t know who needs to hear this but yes, you can wear white after Labor Day. Trends come and go. Style norms change decade after decade. But fashion's oldest (and most outdated) myth has managed to prevail through countless centuries and cultural shifts—still remaining one of the most Googled style questions to this day. With white boots becoming a wardrobe staple and an overload of white winter coat options to choose from, why are we still asking if it's "okay to wear white after Labor Day?"   Though it's unclear who invented this "rule," it originated amongst the elite in 19th century America, explains Amanda Hallay, fashion historian behind The Ultimate Fashion History. "It was a snobbish way for the upper echelons to distinguish themselves from the burgeoning Nouveau Riche."  As most things, the fashion "don't" only continued to flourish into the 20th Century because of the wealthy. "The rule really has more to do with wearing white before Labor Day than not wearing it after," Hallay reveals. "By the end of the 19th Century, upper class Americans escaped the summer heat of the city by retreating to the countryside or seaside, where white clothing remained free of the inevitable grime of the increasingly industrialized urban centers. This was a sartorially social divide—only those who could afford to wear white could wear white. Not only did the wealthy summer in the far cleaner countryside, but should their beautiful white dresses get dirty, they had servants to launder them."  The short answer? Absolutely not. In fact, winter white—from shoes to outerwear, knits, and even white pants–is chicer than ever.    
   At some point along the way, the fashion rule attempted to transition into "no white shoes after Labor Day." But the white boot trend, which has remained a force for several seasons, has since debunked that myth. From cowboy boots to croc-embossed knee high styles and two-toned black and white options, white boots are an unexpectedly fresh way to top off even the bulkiest of winter ensembles.     
 At a time when sneakers are worn with suits and streetwear is more coveted than classic designer items, why are so many people still clinging to such an outdated, strict fashion rule?  "It speaks in part to tradition and a sartorial marking of the seasons, but moreover, Americans are far more class conscious than we like to believe. We've been programmed to believe that white after Labor Day is tacky, and I think it will take a couple more decades for the 'rule' to completely disappear," Hallay says.   In the spirit of breaking fashion rules once and for all, add some white to your fall and winter wardrobe. Leave the rules of the elite in the past where they belong. 
 It's a New Yorker's Parisian dream. Sézane, the Paris-based online retailer, has teamed up to launch their first ready-to-wear collaboration with NYC based brand Sea on September 5th. The 11-piece collection combines both brand's particular approach to feminine bohemia.  The line—comprised of tops, pants dresses, sweatshirts and jumpsuits—is meant to "extend the summer season," which is exactly what we're all looking for as Instagram after Instagram heralds the demise of the season. Sézane's founder Morgane Sezalory met with the New York-based design team behind Sea, Monica Paolini and Sean Monahan, in Paris and the rest, as they say, was history.  “I  fell  in  love  with  both  the  designers,  as  well  as  their  designs, from  the  start,  especially  their  use  of  English  embroideries,  beautiful  prints and  feminine  silhouettes.  We  are  all  so  excited  to  share  our  chic  capsule that  combines  the  quintessential  French  style  of  Sézane  with  the  romantic, feminine  feeling  of  Sea”  said  Sézalory, who founded Sézane in 2013.  The easy, boho-inspired collection features styles each named after parts of New York City. There's a "Chelsea" dress, a "Nolita" jumpsuit, and a "Broadway" pant.  "Sézane and Sea quickly realized they share a unique vision, both brands seek to offer collections that emphasize easy-to-wear polished pieces with a feminine touch," the brands said in a statement. The pieces keep in a warm family of hues — terracotta, ecru and slate —and leverage timeless floral prints so nothing feels too trend-driven. These are pieces meant to be collected.  The limited edition capsule is priced under $235, and  will be available online at Sézane and Sézane stores beginning September 5.
 Procrastinators, take note.  It's not too late! Whether you put off shopping until the last minute or just couldn't settle on the perfect gift, we've got everything you need to make Father's Day great.  For dads who take their suds seriously, this small draft dispenser keeps mini-kegs chilled, carbonated, and fresh for up to two weeks.  DIY dads will appreciate the precision of this digital readout measuring tape (with longterm memory so he never has to measure twice.) Rain, shine, or poolside splashing, this hearty waterproof speaker will let your father show off his DJ skills.  What better way to toast to dad's day than with two tumblrs of whiskey poured from an elegant decanter.  Pulitzer Prize-winner Chabon captures the joys and complexities of the relationship between fathers and their children in this affecting collection of essays - perfect for when you just don't have the words to express what your father means to you.  This waxed canvas option makes wearing an apron feel extra manly.  This convenient portable cooler fits a full 12-pack plus ice - just what he needs for his fishing trips.  Give him a chic way to show off his vinyl collection with this turntable and speaker combo.  Forget his standard every day cologne; give dad something unexpected with this scent that has notes of peppercorn, rum, and tobacco bring to mind a moody  1920s jazz club. These stadium blueprints can serve as a daily reminder of all of the great ball games the two of you have enjoyed together.  All he has to do is attach these sensors to his clubs and every swing will ba analyzed to help him lower that handicap.  Any time can be grilling time with this handy, camping-ready portable grill.  Does your dad struggle with the art of matching? This curated, color-coordinating box includes 4 ties, 3 pocket squares, 2 pairs of socks, 2 tie bars, a pair of collar stays, and a digital guide to ease him into mixing it up like a pro.  Give dad a much-deserved break with this heated massage pillow to soothe away the day's stress.  For the dad who lives in sneakers, these leather versions are cool enough to wear out to dinner and are guaranteed to dress up any casual outfit.  If "where are my keys" was a common refrain in your house, these tough digital trackers that can be attached to everything from key rings to phones to luggage are just what the doctor ordered.  Inspired by classic car races the whole roasted coffee beans in the Drive series will get your gear-head going in the morning.  Way beyond his go-to spiral, this notebook lets dad scribble pen-and-paper style, then record his work in digital format on services like Google Drive or Dropbox ensuring he'll never lose his info again. Whether you've got a game night dad or a design dad, he's sure to appreciate this sleek update on the classic stacking game.  Help him embrace his inner Italian with this on-demand espresso maker and milk foamer.  Banish overcooked steaks from family meals with this nifty digital sensor that lets you select the perfect temp for all kinds of meats and fish.  He can recite the lines verbatim, so now give him the behind the scenes story of his favorite old-school comedy.  Contribute to his 5k training with these sporty in-ear headphones. With a built-in corkscrew and bottle opener as well as an extendable basting brush, spatula, and meat fork, this is the Swiss Army knife of grilling. 
 The going out top ruled the early 2000s. What's next?  Aside from the days of Studio 54, one could argue that the era of "the going out top" was the Golden Age of nightlife fashion. From tube tops to low-rise jeans and Paris Hilton-inspired nightclub dresses, the late '90s and early 2000s were filled with fashion that made everyone want to go out, order some Cosmos, and flash your flip phone.  But in the age of Netflix binges and choosing to hang with your iPhone instead of actual human beings, what does one wear when they actually decide to "go out?" While we'll always have love for the OG going out top, these 2019 nighttime outfit ideas are inspiring us to choose hitting the bar or club with friends over another Netflix binge on the couch.  There's no better place for the animal print trend than a night out. Try the look in pant form styled with a black bodysuit and strappy sandals.  A straight leg pant with just the right amount of flare to wear from day to night.  You'll wear this one-shouldered bodysuit all summer long.  Take cue from Bad Gal Riri and go bold by matching a bright eyeshadow to your look. Amp up the matchy, matchy style by going for a shade of lime green.  A cropped sweater that'll give you the Rihanna-approved look when paired with denim cut-offs and a matching neon eyeshadow.  This palette of neon eyeshadows will make a statement when paired with your brightest looks.  Dress up an LBD or jeans and a tee with crystal rhinestone accessories that feel worthy of a night out—whether in the form of a belt, earrings, or shoes.  The ultimate way to top off any night out outfit.  Aminda Muaddi's crystal embellished heels make for a night out shoe that's anything but boring.  Who cares if you're not going to a black tie gala, wear these anyway.  A red dress is an effortless night out look that never fails—plus it's perfect for those nights when you have "nothing to wear" and need something to throw on.  A long-sleeved little red dress that can be worn with sandals or white sneakers for an unexpected twist.  Wear this little Reformation dress from day to night. It'll look just as good with a denim jacket as it does on its own.  If you're still down to keep the going out top alive, take note from Bella Hadid and try the look in corset form with a pair of high-waisted trousers.  A corset-style top that looks instantly sexy without fracturing your rib cage.  Go bold in this ultra-sexy bodysuit you can still with high-waisted wide-leg pants or a pair of jeans.  If you really want to go for it, what better way than taking it back to the days of going out tops, Paris Hilton-inspired looks, and chainmail everything?  A look that feels worthy of Paris Hilton circa 2001.  Or try out the chainmail look in dress form with this mini slip style.  Really don't feel like going out? Rebel against it all by wearing your satin pajamas as a full-on LEWK.  Wear this glam feather-trimmed pajama set out to drinks, while plotting to overtake your second husband's estate, or to drink wine by yourself at home. Either way, it's a LEWK.  But whether your friends are dragging you to a dive bar or you just really want to be comfortable, there are always those nights when you want to go for a super low-key, casual look.  As EmRata proves, a high-waisted pair of jeans and a white crop top are an easy (and effortless) way to look cool without trying.  A budget-friendly white tank for when you want to look like you're not trying too hard.  The perfect pair of high-rise mom jeans. Enough said. 
 Experience the gold standard at every price point.  It's that time of year again! Break out the gold glitz and glamour this holiday season with these swoon-worthy gifts — because why settle for silver when you can go for the gold. Jason Wu dress, $2,795, netaporter.com BUY NOW Edie Parker coasters, $195, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Saint Laurent shoe, $995, saksfifthavenue.com BUY NOW Maria Lucia Hohan dress, $936, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Chanel watch, $13,445, farfetch.com BUY NOW Palais des Thés advent calendar, $30, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Aquazzura shoe, $675, netaporter.com BUY NOW Bodum french press, $34, amazon.com BUY NOW Olivia Kane opal necklace, $474, oliviakane.co BUY NOW Alexander McQueen clutch, $2,495, netaporter.com BUY NOW Fenty Beauty by Rihanna highlighter, $34, sephora.com BUY NOW Lancome precious cells collection, $282, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Saint Laurent mini dress, $3,705, farfetch.com BUY NOW LANA earrings, $2,390, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Gucci shoe, $650, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW Hype headset, $20, bedbathandbeyond.com BUY NOW Michael Aram pillow, $170, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Jimmy Choo shoe, $895, saksfifthavenue.com BUY NOW Molo jacket, $190, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW RTA leggings, $1,146, fwrd.com BUY NOW Slinky 14K Gold, $150, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Sydney Evan bracelet, $1,300, bergdorfgoodma.com BUY NOW Chloe bag, $1,850, barneys.com BUY NOW Yves Saint Laurent nail polish, $28, bloomingdales.com BUY NOW Marchesa gown, $10,923, netaporter.com BUY NOW Aerin perfume, $120, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Anna by Rablabs cake stand, $625, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Chanel body gel, $90, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Nicholas Kirkwood shoe, $795, netaporter.com BUY NOW Galvan top, $575, matchesfashion.com BUY NOW
 Expect to see the duo's work on the runways of Paris Fashion Week. Balmain is often one step ahead of the rest of its luxury couture minded ilk. Now, the Parisian fashion house has announced how it intends to remain at the forefront of sartorial direction–and it involves aboveground diamonds. The brand has partnered with Diamond Foundry, the world's only certified carbon-neutral diamond producer. The fruits of this duo is the first Balmain x Diamond Foundry creation: diamond line drop earrings set against circular, silver outlines, and inset with a deep blue rim. These regal earrings will make their debut on the runways of Balmain's Paris Fashion Week Show, which will take place tomorrow at the Garnier Opera House. The collaboration comes at a poignant point in fashion, one in which "sustainability" and "carbon footprints" have bled into the mainstream vernacular of both designers and consumers. Diamonds, in particular, have an outsized environmental and social impact. Diamond mining has often led to exploitative labor practices, soil erosion, and deforestation.  No two Diamond Foundry created diamonds are alike. Each masterfully cut diamond is unique to its core and certified with an individual gemological ID. Learn more about our diamonds via our link in bio. #DiamondFoundry A post shared by  Diamond Foundry (@diamondfoundry) on Sep 21, 2019 at 10:35am PDT Diamond Foundry set out to forge a different path for the diamond industry, introducing a method that uses solar technology to recreate the way in which diamonds form in nature, significantly reducing the environmental hazards associated with traditional mining. “We are also determined to seek out collaborators who share our core values," said Balmain CEO Massimo Piombini in a statement. "Knowing that Diamond Foundry can supply exceptional quality, while avoiding any negative environmental or social implications, made it very easy for us to make this decision.” Martin Roscheisen, the CEO of Diamond Foundry, said, “This collaboration is the perfect marriage of two disruptive brands. It is a testament to the changing needs of the luxury consumers of today toward sustainable alternatives. With innovation at the core of Diamond Foundry, we are happy to witness designers gravitating toward our diamonds with impeccable origins.”
 Three BAZAAR editors on the pieces they're buying. A good accessory can completely change your look. Think: heels over sneakers, a clutch versus a tote bag. This season, accessories stormed the runways (and then the streets) in various shades of blue, and the color instantly became one of spring's biggest trends. Whether the exact hue is cerulean, royal navy, or something in-between, blue can be both a neutral and a major statement. Plus, it works with just about every other color out there. Here, three BAZAAR editors share their favorite of-the-moment blue accessories and the looks to pair them with. Kerry Pieri, Digital Fashion/Features Director Pieri is known for her polished yet edgy style (think denim with a sparkly diamonte belt), and isn't afraid to add a pop of color to an otherwise simple look. "I love dressing in neutrals, which makes adding a subtle hit of color like this blue bag feel impactful." Chrissy Rutherford, Senior Digital Fashion Editor As a BAZAAR editor and bonafide Instagram star, Rutherford knows what makes a gram-worthy look—and often dresses from the shoes up. "For spring, I like to swap my go-to black heels for vibrant blue for a fresh perspective. These slingbacks are perfect for the office with a day dress or on the weekends with jeans and easy blouse." Jenna Rosenstein, Senior Beauty Editor Rosenstein is never afraid to experiment, and that's especially true when it comes to hair accessories. "Headbands are having a moment, but don’t get fixated on the classic black velvet. A blue headband, done in velvet, silk, or even denim, will pop on all hair colors." 

 Meet SPRWMN founder Ambre Dahan, the Cali-French girl behind the brand... Picture the ideal blend of Parisian cool and Los Angeles boheme, and designer Ambre Dahan quickly comes into focus—with her sun-streaked, seemingly-straight-from-the-beach hair and an undone approach to style. Dahan is an LA-local by way of France, and a mother of two with a background in denim design. She formerly headed up the team at Joe's Jeans with her ex-husband and current business partner, Joe Dahan. But her current focus is less denim, more leather.  Dahan launched SPRWMN this year with a focus on leather leggings, and it has grown quickly in a niche space. BAZAAR.com spoke with the multi-hyphenate about where fashion is now, Old Céline, and being the boss.  Tell me about your background in fashion in five sentences or less. I developed my creative sense over the last 15 years through different avenues. I previously worked in denim for 10 years and currently have a fine jewelry brand called Ambre Victoria. I just love making things, there is never an end to creativity. Now I know what I like, and my taste is evolving continuously.  You’ve been involved with other fashion brands in the past, what did you learn from that when it came to launching SPRWMN? With SPRWMN, impeccable product that speaks for itself was the focus. I wanted to create a piece that would be timeless, luxurious, and speak to everyone. You launched this with your ex husband, what is that like? My ex-husband actually came on board over a year after I started SPRWMN.  As the company was quickly growing I really needed a hand and his industry experience. We both have strong opinions, so there is a lot of back and forth between us. I’m sure it is always fun for everyone in the office to watch us bicker! In the end I usually win—he always says that I am the boss! How would you describe the look of SPRWMN? SPRWMN is a leather collection with a casual and athletic feel. Our line is great for every day, and can be easily dressed up. SPRWMN products work flawlessly with my lifestyle in Los Angeles. You can pair our leather leggings with slides, sneakers, or boots. What void did you see in the market that made you want to launch the brand? I come from the denim industry, so I was looking for something that could be a comfortable and chic alternative to all of the jeans in my wardrobe. What do you consider the hero products. All of our leggings have an amazing elastic waistband that is both flattering and comfortable for the wearer. One of my personal favorite pieces is the Crop Flare Pants. They have a great little kick on the leg! How would you describe your style and how does the brand reflect that? I like wearing pieces that are unexpected; I like to take risks with my style. It’s fun to play around with proportion-mixing pieces that are tight or oversized together. I love anything with bold colors, and a little bit of bling. I don’t like boring. What are some of your personal favorite brands? Old Céline, I am going to save a lot of money...Balenciaga, Chanel, and Hermes for bags. And Raquel Allegra. Who do you see wearing the brand (SPRWMN)?  It’s been really fun to watch SPRWMN grow and to see it on more and more women. The luxurious, high quality French leather is a perfect fit for everyone. Who would be your dream woman to see in SPRWMN? While on a trip to Tahiti, I was on a boat right next to professional surf boarder Bethany Hamilton. Her overall demeanor was so cool! I watched as she was effortlessly taking care of her young son,  a relaxed smile on her face. Bethany looked after her family with ease, all while getting ready to surf the craziest waves I’d ever seen. She definitely is a SPRWMN. All images by Marie Noorbergen.
 The shortcut to glamour and effortless party dressing.  Get ready to standout at the holiday soirées with ShopBAZAAR's edit of the new metallics. From gorgeous sequin dresses and whimsical statement jewelry to the coolest and most unexpected heels—end and begin the new year with a stylish bang.  Christopher Kane dress, $1,695, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi heel, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP 3.1 Phillip Lim necklace, $795, shopbazaar.com SHOP Dior nail polish, $27, shopbazaar.com SHOP Attico top, $1,100, shopbazaar.com SHOP Off-White skirt, $895, shopbazaar.com SHOP Proenza Schouler clutch, $995, shopbazaar.com SHOP Isabel Marant boot, $950, shopbazaar.com SHOP Adam Lippes dress, $1,790, shopbazaar.com SHOP J.W. Anderson bag, $1,480, shopbazaar.com SHOP By Terry mascara, $48, shopbazaar.com SHOP Saint Laurent shirt, $1,390, shopbazaar.com SHOP Axenoff Jewellery earrings, $3,000, shopbazaar.com SHOP Saint Laurent skirt, $2,690, shopbazaar.com SHOP Rupert Sanderson, $625, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 The sister brand will reportedly be called "White Label." Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez, the design duo behind Proenza Schouler, are launching a new line this fall.  According to WWD, the brand is called "White Label" and will offer more casual, accessible pieces like denim, t-shirts and basic essentials. White Label reportedly won't act as a diffusion line to Proenza but rather as a "sister collection." While the price point is still unclear, chances are the wardrobe essentials will be offered at a more affordable price, for those who can't afford Proenza Schouler pieces ranging in the thousands.  News of the secondary line comes as the brand celebrates its 15th anniversary this year. After moving their New York Fashion Week show to Paris to align with the Paris Couture Week schedule, the launch of "White Label" is just the latest in new ventures for the New York-based brand. 
 Fleecy, fleecy... A preppy fall staple is making its way into the fashion lexicon. Did I just hear someone say Patagonia? A fleece brings that perfect balance of utility—read, warmth—and style. Who doesn't love a good classic?—especially when designers get their hands on it.  Bring Upstate vibes to the city with a "fleece, but make it fashion," moment. Go preppy but maintain your inner wild child. Get you a fleece that can do both—look cool leaving the gym, and just as fresh with jeans and boots at some leisurely Saturday apple picking. Adidas by Stella McCartney fleece, $236, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW Reformation partnered with fleece masters Patagonia on a line of jackets and sweaters that put the pep in prep. Patagonia fleece, $139, thereformation.com. SHOP NOW A good fleece isn't for denim-only. When the chill hits, keep your cool in a sporty fleece jacket.  This oversized blue version features another prep staple, corduroy, in details—which just makes us love it more. Get some actual fleece shearling in your life—and pair it with white jeans and a belt bag while you're at it. The Arrivals jacket, $895, thearrivals.com. SHOP NOW Get in on that Teddy coat action for a fraction of the cost per wear. Don't fear a vintage take, a little throwback Patagonia is always in season—especially in the fall. SHOP NOW Go outdoorsy in a great red fleece that's as cozy as it is cool. Outdoor Voices fleece, available October 30, outdoorvoices.com. SHOP NOW Everlane got in on the fleece action, with a simple design and eco-bent. Everlane fleece, $50, everlane.com. SHOP NOW
 The brand's Cruise 2019 show is coming to the U.S. As more and more brands depart from New York Fashion Week, Prada is instead bringing its next runway show to NYC.   According to WWD, the Italian fashion house will present its Cruise 2019 show in New York on May 4, 2018. The brand is reportedly keeping the exact location of the show under wraps, and has yet to publicly confirm the news.  When it comes to cruise collections, brands typically tap into the jet, set, go mentality and stage runway shows in special, on-location destinations. This May, Louis Vuitton is showing its Cruise 2019 show in the French Riviera while Gucci will present its collection in Arles, France. Chanel and Dior, who typically jet off to luxe, far-away locations, have yet to announce the locations of their Cruise 2019 shows.  Last season, Prada presented its first show during resort season at the Fondazione Prada Osservatorio in Milan, marking the first time the space hosted a runway show.  This year, it looks like the brand is getting in on the destination runway action by bringing its collection to New York. Now the big question is: where in the city will Prada stage its Cruise 2019 show?
 Take denim inspo from the women who wear them best.  When it comes to being comfortable, no jean has your back quite like the boyfriend jean. Loose, cuffed, and infused with the perfect touch of masculinity—the look works whether you want to keep things ultra-laidback or all dressed up. Though it may appear effortless, the borrowed from the boys look can be challenging to style, so take note from the fashion set who does it best.  Rihanna puts a feminine twist on her baggy, oversized jeans with a ruffle-sleeved button-down and pointed pumps.  Add an unexpected touch of bohemian flair to ripped and cuffed boyfriend jeans with a printed, billowy crop top, as demonstrated by Hailey Baldwin. Elevate a pair of non-ripped boyfriend jeans for nighttime with a dressed-up blouse (like Zoe Kravitz's velvet v-neck) and classic black pumps.  Current/Elliott jeans, $225, net-a-porter.com. SHOP For transitioning into fall, wear the denim look with an open trench jacket and loafers à la Jessica Chastain.  Go the Bella Hadid route and pair your high-waisted, loose denim with a belly-baring crop top and white boots.  For a laid-back look, try Diane Kruger's go-to formula of a distressed pair styled with a simple t-shirt and skinny belt.  Topshop jeans, $80, topshop.com. SHOP Keep your look cool by styling a slouchy pair of jeans with a black bomber jacket and strappy heels à la Gisele.  Go for Gigi's model off-duty look with a t-shirt, leather moto jacket, and menswear-inspired loafers. Take Lily Aldridge's sexy route and style the loose jeans with a tight lace-up bodysuit for a sleek look.  For an on-the-go look, get inspired by Margot Robbie's airport outfit and pair your denim with a turtleneck, open jacket, and flats.  Mih Jeans distressed jeans, $324, farfetch.com.  SHOP
 The pairs that make the cut, and the ladies who wear them well...  For many moons, the term "mom jeans" was met with side eye at best, and utter disdain at worst. Somewhere between Brooklyn girls rocking vintage Levi's, Re/Done reworking the classics, and other denim houses modernizing the silhouette, something great happened to low-stretch, high-waisted, slim leg denim. In honor of the mom jean rising like a phoenix from the ashes, let's see who wears it well and shop the look.  Debora Rosa proves that the greatest impact these jeans have lies in their inherent ease. Pair them with a button-down and you have that whole minimal blogger thing down. Pixie Market jeans, $85, SHOP NOW The ideal counterpart to your very best mom jeans. Is there anything more apropos than an actual chic Mom rocking Mom jeans like a pro? The go-to hue for a solid mom jean is definitely a distressed light blue denim that call to mind Cindy Crawford in the '90s.  This blogger is proof that investing in the basics, well done, is the basis of a great wardrobe.  We love a faded black pair of mom jeans, pair with a white blouse or white tee and single sole pump for an elegant, laid-back look.  A white mom jean is the most modern iteration on this denim fit. We've all withstood the perils of too-tight white denim. This low-stretch, roomier approach is just what the perfect winter white look ordered.  We see you perfect white jeans, and we want to get to know you better—ideally with a cream cable-knit sweater and tan suede cowboy boots. And in case you missed it, the moral of this story is that you'd be hard pressed to find jeans that make your butt look better than a good, old fashioned Mom jean. Levi's jeans, $98, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW
 The model made several outfit changes during her third VS Fashion Show.   This year marks Bella Hadid's third time gracing the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show runway, and unsurprisingly, she once again killed it.  During tonight's taping of the lingerie extravaganza in New York, attendees shared a sneak-peek at the model's walk on Instagram and Twitter, revealing some of her looks in this year's show. In one of her outfits, Bella hits the catwalk in a sporty lingerie set complete with an ultra-cropped varsity jacket and sock booties. In the short clip, she can be seen showing off her walk and blowing a kiss at the end of the runway as Rita Ora sings "Let You Love Me."  In another video posted to Twitter, Bella struts in a second look, this time with a set of VS's signature wings. As she follows Devon Windsor down the runway, Hadid sports a seafoam green lingerie set topped off with matching feathered wings (coincidentally the same look I'm wearing tonight as well).  Devon Windsor & Bella Hadid on the runway! #VSFashionShow #vsfs18 pic.twitter.com/AKLXka6V6Y As of press time, these are the only two videos that have emerged of Bella on the Victoria's Secret runway tonight. It's possible, however, that the model donned additional looks throughout the evening. Although the show is taking place in New York tonight, it won't air on television until Sunday, December 2 on ABC at 10 p.m. EST. Until then, we'll be obsessively refreshing the brand's Instagram feed for more sneak peeks at all the models' looks this year.  Plus, you can peruse more backstage photos from the 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show below. 
 Get them before they’re gone... NYFW is over, but Fashion Month continues and the streets are just as anticipated as the runways. Get street style ready and ensure all eyes are on you with ShopBAZAAR's most coveted pieces. From major logo love to edgy patent boots to statement earrings, it's all in the details that bring your look to life.  Dress from the feet up and feed your logo obsession.  Gucci socks, $145, shopbazaar.com SHOP Dress up your off-duty basics with a playful statement bag in color-blocked perfection.  Loewe Basket bag, $2290, shopbazaar.com SHOP The hottest color of the season is spelled p-i-n-k and best paired with vibrant red. The more clashing, the better! Tibi trench, $750, shopbazaar.com SHOP These boots are made for walking and more... Alchimia Di Ballin boots, $1,195, shopbazaar.com SHOP These are the jeans of your dreams.  Re/done jeans, $310, shopbazaar.com  SHOP Introducing the hat comeback of the season.  House of Lafayette cap, $185, shopbazaar.com SHOP Downsize to just your essentials and embrace the mini bag in all its cute glory.  Carolina Santo Domingo bag, $765, shopbazaar.com SHOP End the day in something decedent, comfortable and velvet. Or throw over t-shirt and jeans for that boudoir babe look.  Fleur Du Mal robe, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP Art or jewelry? Sculptural danglers are the chicest conversation pieces. Mounser Jewelry earrings, $225, shopbazaar.com SHOP Layer like a pro with the only shades you'll need.  Christian Dior palette, $62, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 You'll see it on the runways at Milan Fashion Week. Gigi Hadid and Tommy Hilfiger's collaboration streak continues with a collection full of racing influences. The Spring 2018 range, their fourth one together, includes track-inspired designs, like the black and white check, color-blocked leather jackets, and, of course, fingerless driving gloves.  The model and designer aren't the first to be inspired by speed; other brands like Rihanna's Fenty x Puma, Dior, and Ralph Lauren incorporated similar athletic elements in their Spring 2018 collections, which hit the runway last fall. Hadid and Hilfiger's renditions, however, stay true to the brand's red, white, and blue color palette. It will also launch on February 25, the same day the clothes hit the runway at Milan Fashion Week.  Before dabbling in driver-friendly fashion, Tommy x Gigi's previously channeled nautical inspirations, western influences, and rock 'n' roll aesthetics in earlier collections. This will mark  Tommy x Gigi's first time showing in Italy, following previous presentations in New York, Los Angeles, and London. At this point, the star-studded runway shows have evolved into full-blown runway extravaganzas. Last season's "Rock Circus" was set in a stadium-like venue in London and featured aerial dancers and acrobats. The Chainsmokers also performed. "It’s about the fusion of fashion, entertainment and pop culture with experiences, performances and inspiring interactions that are designed around our consumers. As one of the fashion capitals of the world, Milan is the perfect place to celebrate our next TOMMYNOW show," Hilfiger said in a statement about his next venue. We're sure the upcoming presentation will be even more epic than the first three. The countdown to February 25 starts now. Flip through the lookbook, and shop through previous collections here. 
 We're celebrating fashionable busts—whether big or small—from the pages of BAZAAR. From Rihanna to Kate Upton, Ashley Graham, Gisele and more, we're celebrating fashionable busts—both big and small—from BAZAAR over the years. Click through to see the standout moments.  June/July 2019 February 2019 June/July 2018 May 2018 October 2017 August 1999 May 1993 July 1994 July 1998 1999 November 1992 March 2017 February 2017 August 2016 September 2015 May 2012 February 2002 April 2014 May 2015 August 2007 December 2005 June/July 2017 May 2014 May 2012 September 2017 November 2013 March 2013 2003 July 2009 August 2004
 DVF is opening her headquarters to the public from March 8-11.  Throughout her career, Diane von Furstenberg has been a champion of women in the fashion industry and across the world. So it's only fitting that this International Women's Day, the designer is opening the doors of her New York City headquarters for a free four-day event to celebrate and empower women.  Open to the public, DVF's series of events will include several panels featuring a range of prominent women from March 8-11. From CNN news anchor Brooke Baldwin to poet Cleo Wade to the teenage survivors of Parkland High School, the designer will be hosting inspiring women from a variety of backgrounds for a series of meaningful conversations. Of course, DVF herself will also be there too.  See the full schedule of events open to the public this week below. And if you're not able to make it, the discussions will also be livestreamed on DVF's social media channels.     Panel 1 | 9:30am Owning Your Narrative:  Female Authors And Essayists On The Importance of Telling Your Own Story What does your generation of voices have to say about the world we are living in? A lot, actually. Listen to these incredible authors talk about why they do the work they do, and what they have learned along the way. Panelists:  Panel 2 | 10:15am Real Talk With Amy Cuddy Specializing in the psychology of power, influence, nonverbal communication, and prejudice, Cuddy will give a moving talk about how women can empower themselves and others in subtle ways ranging from owning posture to practicing persuasive politeness.  She will share simple techniques that harness the power of presence and allow you to perform with the highest levels of confidence. REGISTER HERE   Panel 1 | 9:00am The Leadership To Inspire: Small Business and Big Impact From Women Entrepreneurs Making A Difference Headlines will have you believe that it’s harder than ever for women to find capital to start their business. That’s true, but these glass-ceiling busting women are too busy building empires (and paving the road for the next generation) to worry about that too much.  Hear how they get it done. Panelists: Panel 2 | 9:45am The Greatest Generation: How Young Women Might Solve Everything They might not have graduated high school, but they’re already making a world of difference. From Dreamers fighting for their rights to the young activists rising to the occasion after the Parkland, Florida school shooting, these young women are showing us that it is never too soon to fight for what you think is right. Listen to them talk about movement and messages with some of the foremothers in activism. Panelists: Panel 3 | 10:30am Amplifying Your Impact: Investing in Generosity Crown Princess of Norway, Mette-Marit, leads a discussion with top female philanthropists, focusing on solutions-oriented strategies around how women are organizing and collaborating to reach sustainable development goals, breaking down silos and taking risks for high impact. Panelists: REGISTER HERE   Vital Voices Mentoring Walk | 8:30am DVF will be partnering with Vital Voices to co-host a mentoring walk on The High Line. Register online here. Registered mentees will be assigned mentors to inspire and give guidance.  This Walk be followed by a Networking Breakfast and Panel with Diane von Furstenberg and Vital Voices President and CEO, Alyse Nelson. Additional Experiences Offered At DVF This Week: Let’s Get Digital | March 8-March 11 To highlight DVF’s commitment to innovation, DVF has partnered with the likes of Microsoft, Future of StoryTelling, and OM Digital to create unique digital installations that bring a new dimension to the on-site fashion experience.  Enjoy front row seats at DVF’s Spring 18 New York Fashion Week presentation (currently in-store) with virtual reality headsets or be transported to El Salvador to see and experience how the artisans employed by Sequence, a for-profit organization that DVF partnered with for our Spring 18 collection, create their unique products. Tell DVF what it means for you to be #INCHARGE by filming your own customizable clip in the #INCHARGE video booth.  Referencing Diane’s iconic “cube photo,” step into the special photo booth to create yours, with your own words. Personalize It | March 8-March 11 For these days only, shop and customize limited edition #INCHARGE beanies, t-shirts, and tote bags with embroidery, bedazzling, and screen-printing options on-the-spot to make it your own. Easily personalize your design on a Microsoft Surface Studio screen, and watch the work get done while you wait. Register for all events now at DVF.com. 
 Ready, set, shop.  Get your credit cards ready: the biggest sale season of the year is officially upon us. We're always here for a nice turkey dinner and holiday festivities with the family, but everyone knows the "most wonderful time of the year" really applies to the long list of Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales to choose from.  Kick off your holiday shopping (and scoop up some things for yourself) by taking advantage of the best fashion and beauty sales of the season. Shop our favorites below. Up to 60% off select sale items in stores and online from 11/20 - 11/26. SHOP NOW Black Friday: Up to 75% off sale items and up to 25% off full-price items from 11/20 - 11/25. Plus, use the code 'MORE18' for 15% off orders of $200 and up, 20% off orders of $500 and up, 25% off orders of $800 and up.  Cyber Monday: An additional 35% off all sale items using the code 'WOW18' from 11/26 - 11/27.  SHOP NOW 30% off sitewide using the code 'CYBER18' SHOP NOW Up to 50% off select lines 11/21 - 11/26 in stores and online.  SHOP NOW 30% online and in-stores from 11/21 - 11/26. SHOP NOW 30% off sitewide NOW through 11/26 using the code 'TAKE30' Up to 50% off plus free shipping. SHOP NOW Up to 50% off sale happening now.  SHOP NOW 50% off your entire purchase online and in stores using the code 'TGIF' SHOP NOW Black Friday: Extra 40% off clearance, puffer coats starting at $60, 50% off select fragrances from 11/20 - 11/25.  Cyber Monday: 25% off sitewide and free shipping on 11/26.  SHOP NOW  50% off sitewide from 11/23 - 11/26.  SHOP NOW  Fall 2018 Sale: Up to 50% off designer ready-to-wear apparel and accessories now.  SHOP NOW  Black Friday: Up to 75% off all sale items with the code "thanks30" from 11/23 - 11/25. Cyber Monday: New markdowns will be added to the sale selection, which you can shop for an additional 30% using the code "cyber30" SHOP NOW 25% off select styles from 11/23 - 11/26. SHOP NOW 50% off select winter and fall styles online and in stores from 11/22 - 11/26.  SHOP NOW Black Friday: NOW through 11/24 get 50% off boots, Grand styles, bags and outerwear. Plus 30% off everything else.  Cyber Monday: 50% OFF EVERYTHING plus an extra 10% off your purchase with code 'CYBER' from 11/25 - 11/27.  SHOP NOW Black Friday: 30% off sale merchandise online using the code 'BF30OFF' and 20% off in store from 11/22 - 11/23.  Cyber Monday: 30% off of sale items and all shoes on 11/26. SHOP NOW Up to 50% off men’s and women’s fashion from Amazon brands; up to 50% off select denim; up to 50% off Calvin Klein Underwear, and more.  SHOP NOW  30% everything online and in stores from 11/21 - 11/27. SHOP NOW   40% off everything sitewide—including subscription memberships—with the code  'TGIBF' SHOP NOW 30% off sitewide with code 'BLACKFRIDAY' from 11/22 - 11/26.  SHOP NOW Black Friday: 30% off everything sitewide from 11/23 - 11/24. Cyber Monday: 35% off everything sitewide from 11/25 - 11/27.  SHOP NOW 25% off sitewide NOW through 11/27 with the code ‘BF25’ SHOP NOW Black Friday: Up to 40% off with extra  20% off already marked down prices using code 'FALL20' from 11/22 - 11/25.  Cyber Monday: Up to 60% off +extra 15% off sale with code 'CYBER15' on 11/26.  SHOP NOW 10% off of one item, 15% off two items, and 20% off of three or more items from 11/23 - 11/26. This is their only sale of the year.  SHOP NOW 25% off sitewide and free shipping from 11/21 - 11/26. 40% off all custom sunglasses and 40% off the brand’s Custom Gift Set, that includes a gift card for one pair of custom sunglasses and an extra signature soft case, from 11/20 - 11/27. SHOP NOW 20% off everything from 11/23 - 11/26.  SHOP NOW Up to 70% off all sale items and 30% off full-price items online until 11/25.  SHOP NOW Black Friday: 30% off sitewide using the code "BLACKOUT18" from 11/21 - 11/25. Cyber Monday: The brand is hosting "Cyber Week" with 30% off sitewide with a select item for 60% off and 60% off deals changing daily (Use code "CW18"). SHOP NOW  40% off select styles online and in stores from 11/23 - 11/26. SHOP NOW 40% off Under Armour activewear sale at Amazon Fashion.  SHOP NOW Up to 50% off, plus over 100+ beauty set and gift deals.  SHOP NOW  20% off all online purchases from 11/22 - 11/27. SHOP NOW Over 50 'Beauty Buster' deals, including sales on brands like Anastasia Beverly Hills, Mario Badesco, Living Proof, Origins, and many more. Plus, get a free 9-piece gift set with any online order $60 or more starting 11/22.   SHOP NOW Black Friday: 20% off using the code 'ITFRIDAY' from 11/22 - 11/25. SHOP NOW Cyber Monday: 20% off sitewide and free shipping from 11/25 - 11/26. SHOP NOW Black Friday: 50% off 6-piece travel sets from 11/21 - 11/24.  Cyber Monday: 20% off sitewide from 11/25 - 11/28.  SHOP NOW 20% off all giftsets and receive a free sample on 11/23 and 11/26.  SHOP NOW  30% off on each of Poplar’s 4 CBD product bundles - Sleep, Anxiety, Beauty, and Relief - from 11/22 - 11/27. SHOP NOW
 The supermodel just made an incredible return to New York.  Good morning, Happy Monday, and God Bless America because Kate Moss is finally back in the States.  For the first time in nine years (more on that later), the supermodel returned to New York wearing a 'Make America Kate Again' moto jacket, which is a political statement we can absolutely get behind.    The hand-painted leather jacket is by Alyson Eastman, a rising New York-based designer who just launched her brand in 2016. Making for the most iconic of returns, Kate the Great posed in the tongue-in-cheek design on Instagram to celebrate her comeback. Best of all, the jacket will soon be available to shop on alysoneastman.com.   But unlike her jacket, Kate's absence from the United States wasn't exactly due to throwing shade at Donald Trump. In fact, the British supermodel hasn't been in the United States for almost a decade. If you, like us, are wondering why we've been deprived of Moss's presence, it's reportedly due to the fact that she encountered some issues obtaining a U.S. visa.  Back in February, the Daily Mail spotted Kate leaving the US embassy in London with a passport and a stack of visa application forms—indicating her return has been in the works for a few months. The last time Moss was in New York was for the 2009 Met Gala, which she co-hosted alongside Marc Jacobs. The designer took to Instagram to announce that the supermodel would be attending tonight's Met Gala with him once again. "She’s back! In 2009 me, Kate @katemossagency, and Justin Timberlake cohosted the Met Ball. Looking forward to seeing Kate back in NYC tonite ❤️❤️❤️" the designer wrote.  Just when we thought this year's Met Gala couldn't get anymore exciting...
 The brand has a first-hand experience with a mass shooting.  On February 14, a mass shooting left 17 dead at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Since then, the school's teenage survivors have been tirelessly speaking out, organizing, and mobilizing for better gun control in America. As a result, March For Our Lives, a gun-control protest set to take place in Washington, D.C. on March 24, has been planned by a group of Parkland teenagers. Now, the movement is receiving support from an unexpected source: Gucci.  The Italian fashion brand announced it would be making a $500,000 donation to March For Our Lives and is also sending its own team to walk in the march.  Creative director Alessandro Michele also spoke out about the teenagers of Parkland, Florida, adding, "I am truly moved by the courage of these students. My love is with them and it will be next to them on March 24. I am standing with March for Our Lives and the strong young women and men across the United States who are fighting for their generation and those to come." According to BoF, Gucci has first-hand experience dealing with mass shootings in the U.S. In June 2016, a Gucci employee was amongst 49 victims killed in a shooting at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Another employee was injured in the same shooting.  The brand has previously made its own political statements, most recently in its Pre-Fall 2018 campaign that channeled the movement of student protests during the 1960s.    While many other companies have gotten involved in the fight for gun-control by cutting ties with the NRA, Gucci is the first fashion brand to publicly donate to the cause. 
 Up the ante on your fitness routine. While New Years resolutions are in full effect for the month of January, we could all use some new activewear, right? Enter, Adam Selman's new activewear line, known as Adam Selman Sport, that launched last week and it's as fun and sexy as you'd expect it to be.  It was just 2014 when Selman made his New York Fashion Week debut, and has since come to be known as the label for the coolest girls. Rihanna, Alexa Chung, Katy Perry and Gigi Hadid are all fans of his feminine and flirty designs. His sunglasses collaboration with Le Specs continues to go viral and sell out with every drop.  Selman spent much of his career dressing one of the biggest pop stars in the world, as Rihanna's costume designer Selman he helped define her as the bad gal we all know and love. Also, how could we forget that iconic Swarovski-embellished naked dress he created for Rihanna when she was being honored with the CFDA Style Icon Award.  Now, the designer is changing up the game, the workout game that is. His activewear blends fashion and performance, and follows his signature style: a little sparkle, a little neon, and a lot of animal prints. For those who love Selman for his bold ready-to-wear can also bring that look straight into the gym or their next pilates class. This week you can shop the collection on Net-a-Porter.com, as well as on the Carbon38.com, which is also offering extended sizing and unisex styles.    Adam Selman Sport sports bra, $110, net-a-porter.com; Adam Selman Sport shorts, $105, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP
 "I get more nervous every season, not less nervous, because the brand keeps getting bigger." Victoria Beckham celebrated ten years of her label with her first show at London Fashion Week on Sunday.  Taking place in London's Mayfair at Galerie Thaddaeus Ropac, which is close to Victoria Beckham's flagship store, the intimate show was attended by all of Beckham's children—Brooklyn, Romeo, Cruz, and Harper—as well as her husband, David Beckham.  The show took place in front of 250 guests, per The Guardian, who cited Beckham as revealing before the show, "I get more nervous every season, not less nervous, because the brand keeps getting bigger." The publication also said that the show "oozed confidence," making it a suitable celebration to mark ten years of the former singer's eponymous brand. Beckham arrived at the venue wearing one of the show's looks, including an oversized jacket and turquoise slitted pants:   Husband David arrived holding hands with daughter Harper, and the whole family celebrated the show on Instagram:   Amazing show mum love you so much @victoriabeckham ❤️ A post shared by  ROMEO (@romeobeckham) on Sep 16, 2018 at 2:36am PDT  Just having lunch with family then excited to meet u all at my store at 3pm today!! X kisses x A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Sep 16, 2018 at 5:41am PDT  The BBC described the dramatic show opening in which model Stella Maxwell descended a marble staircase in the venue, followed by the rest of Beckham's models: The collection itself featured oversized bags, loose-fitting jackets, and over-long pants. Most of the models wore matching metallic boots or flats, as they walked the gallery's unusual runway, which was round: An exception to the metallic footwear was featured in the form of a fabric mule, made to look like chainmail:  Nylon sports-inspired drawstring bags were shown alongside oversized leather satchels and clutches: And after the show, Beckham was understandably emotional to be marking such an important anniversary for her brand at London Fashion Week:  
 Our fashion director picks the key looks to know now. After a month of fashion shows from New York to Paris, we've seen a lot of fashion—and we mean a lot. Below, our fashion director breaks down the 12 looks that stood out from the rest.
 “What is time?” is officially the new “what is camp?” This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. This year's camp-themed Met Gala delivered an endless stream of over-the-top red carpet moments (and several live outfit changes from Lady Gaga), but it's officially time to look ahead to the 2020 event. The Metropolitan Museum of Art announced the theme of next year's Costume Institute exhibit will be "About Time: Fashion and Duration.”  If you thought camp was confusing, you probably have some questions about what exactly a "time" theme means. Inspired by Virginia Woolf and 20th-century French philosopher Henri Bergson, the exhibit will look back at the timeline of women's fashion from the last 150 years (dating from 1870 to today) to coincide with the Met's 150th anniversary. Woolf will serve as the "ghost narrator" of the exhibit.  For a more specific image, Sally Porter's 1992 film Orlando, based on Virginia Woolf's time-traveling novel of the same name, served as the main inspiration for the 2020 theme. Starring Tilda Swinton, the movie's fashion spanned from 18th-century Marie Antoinette-inspired style to 19th century dressing. In other words, prepare to see some grandiose, "let them eat cake"-worthy looks on next year's Met Gala red carpet.  “Fashion is indelibly connected to time, it not only reflects and represents the spirit of the times, but it also changes and develops with the times," Andrew Bolton, the curator of the Costume Institute, told the New York Times.  Given the range of a 150-year timeline of fashion, it may be one of the most abstract and eclectic Met Gala red carpets ever—with celebrities being able to time-travel back through several centuries of fashion. Or, of course, they technically could opt for something that's "timeless." The co-chairs of the 2020 Met Gala are Meryl Streep, Emma Stone, Lin-Manuel Miranda, and Nicolas Ghesquiere of Louis Vuitton (the brand will serve as a sponsor for the event). Most excitingly, it will mark the first ever Met Gala attendance for Streep.  The 2020 Met Gala will be held on May 4 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the exhibition will open to the public on May 7, 2020. 
 The new creative director introduced a new look for the fashion house.   Making his first major move as creative director at Burberry, Riccardo Tisci has unveiled a new logo and monogram for the British heritage brand. The redesign comes ahead of Tisci's first runway show for Burberry this September during London Fashion Week.  The new logo features a sleek and streamlined bold sans-serif text in all caps. Its new monogram, however, is an an interlocking 'TB' pattern—after the house's founder, Thomas Burberry—done in a red, honey-beige, and white color scheme. Both were designed in collaboration with Peter Saville, the graphic designer who also redesigned  Calvin Klein's new logo under Raf Simons last year.    According to the brand's Instagram Stories, the new designs were inspired by a 1908 monogram for Thomas Burberry that Tisci discovered while on a visit to the Burberry archives. The brand also posted an email exchange between Tisci and Saville revealing that the entire design process took place in just four weeks. As the Business of Fashion reports, this marks the first new logo design for Burberry in nearly two decades. The last logo revamp took place in 1999 when the brand dropped the “’s” from “Burberry’s.”  The redesign will roll out in Burberry stores in the coming months—no word on what that means for the future of the classic Burberry check pattern. 
 Amal Clooney's wedding dress is one of the looks on display. The Glamour and Romance of Oscar de la Renta has opened at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, celebrating the late designer's iconic style and most stunning works. The exhibit features 70 looks from the OLDR archives, dating from the '60s to 2014,  the museum's own collection, Pierre Balmain's archives (de la Renta helmed the house from 1993 to 2002), and loaned pieces from the brand's biggest clients, WWD reports. (Amal Clooney's lace wedding dress is in the mix, for example.) The presentation is the perfect way to remember the iconic designer, who passed away in 2014 at the age of 82. The pieces on display aren't limited to clothing, however, The exhibit also includes design sketches from de la Renta, editorials featuring his work, and photographs of the designer himself. The exhibit is open now until January 28, 2018. Admission is $25 for adults. You can book tickets here. Amal Clooney's wedding dress from her 2014 nuptials to George in Venice, Italy. This is said to be the last wedding dress de la Renta designed before he died. Oscar de la Renta for Pierre Balmain, Evening Ensemble, spring/summer 2004, silk, passementerie, bead embroidery, silk tassels, and raffia, the Collection of Annette de la Renta. Oscar de la Renta, Evening Ensemble, 1960–69, silk, metallic thread, brilliants, plastic beads, sequins, and feathers, the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, gift of Margaret Alkek Williams. Oscar de la Renta, Evening Ensemble with Reproduction Blouse, 2002, cotton, silk shantung, sequin and bead embroidery, and grosgrain ribbon, Collection of Alexandra Kotur. Oscar de la Renta, Evening Dress, spring 2005, silk tulle and silk taffeta appliqué, the Collection of Annette de la Renta (worn by Annette de la Renta at the Superheroes: Fashion and Fantasy Costume Institute Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2008) Oscar de la Renta, Evening Dress, fall 1967, synthetic matelassé with rhinestone, bead, and sequin embroidery. Oscar de la Renta, Day Ensemble, fall 2005, cashmere, metal stud, and sequin and stone appliqué (sweater); silk (skirt), courtesy of Oscar de la Renta Archive.  Oscar de la Renta, Custom Evening Ensemble, 2001, silk taffeta and silk satin, courtesy of Oscar de la Renta Archive (worn by Mica Ertegun to an event celebrating her 40th wedding anniversary to Ahmet Ertegun, 2001). Left: Oscar de la Renta, Custom Evening Coat, 2012, silk taffeta, the Collection of Annette de la Renta (worn by Annette de la Renta at the Schiaparelli and Prada: Impossible Conversations Costume Institute Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2012).  Right: Oscar de la Renta, Evening Dress, fall 1996, silk crepe with bead and sequin embroidery, the Collection of Annette de la Renta; Evening Cape, fall/winter 1993–94, silk satin, the Collection of Annette de la Renta Left: Oscar de la Renta, Coat and Dress Ensemble, fall 1968, novelty weave fabric, fur, and brilliants, the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, gift of an anonymous lady. Right: Oscar de la Renta, Evening Ensemble, 1960–69, silk, metallic thread, brilliants, plastic beads, sequins, and feathers, the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, gift of Margaret Alkek Williams. Oscar de la Renta for Pierre Balmain, Evening Dress, fall/winter 2002–03, silk, silk taffeta, silk embroidery, and stone appliqué, Collection of Ann Getty. Oscar de la Renta for Pierre Balmain, Evening Dress, fall/winter 1999–2000, silk velvet, silk embroidery, and silk appliqué.  Oscar de la Renta for Pierre Balmain, Evening Dress, fall/winter 1998–99, silk taffeta with bead, sequin, and metallic-thread embroidery, and chenille yarn, Texas Fashion Collection, University of North Texas, gift of Mercedes Bass. Oscar de la Renta for Pierre Balmain, Coat, fall/winter 2002–03, silk, silk embroidery and appliqué, and mink, Collection of Ann Getty. 
 According to how successful it is at convincing you to buy  Louis Vuitton is once again the world's most valuable fashion brand, based on its financial performance and ability to both influence customer choice and command premium prices. The luxury label featured in 19th position on Interbrand's Best Global Brands 2017 list, the highest ranking for any fashion company. It was preceded by tech brands—Apple, Google and Microsoft held the top three positions. Vuitton was followed by Hermès at 32 and then Gucci at 51. According to the Business of Fashion, Burberry dropped three places to 88, while Prada fell 13 places to 94. Dior came in at 95, while Ralph Lauren just missed out on a place in the top 100, having been ranked 98th last year. "Louis Vuitton has connected the brand into culture," said Rebecca Robins, global director at Interbrand and co-author of "Meta-Luxury".  "When we look at Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Hermès what is the magic with these brands? Not only are they going strong operationally, but it's their relationship between brand and culture and they are doing it in a way that is of the moment and relevant but also sustainable," added Robins citing its recent Supreme collaboration. "It's not a flash-in-the-pan. It's well thought through, strategically driven and delivered with the strength of their conviction." Vuitton manages to appeal to rising cool starlets, as well as more established names. Sophie Turner, Sasha Lane, Zendaya, Alicia Vikander and Ruth Negga are all fans, and it was one of the first brands to harness the promotional powers of the cast of Stranger Things. However, it's also supported by Hollywood veterans such as Michelle Williams, Catherine Deneuve and Jennifer Aniston. French First Lady Brigitte Macron is also seen regularly wearing Vuitton. 
 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Some are threatening to boycott the brand. Well, this is awkward. Adidas is currently facing a whole heap of backlash on Instagram and Twitter after unveiling Kendall Jenner's newest ad for the sportswear brand. While this is no Pepsi fiasco, people are calling out Adidias Originals for using a model, rather than an athlete, as the face of its brand. Of course, this is nothing new - hello Gigi Hadid for Reebok and Kylie Jenner for Puma - but it seems that there is something about these particular ads that have really ground people's gears. Adidas first posted a short clip of the ad to Instagram last week, which shows Kendall lying in a perspex box saying "I did what I had to do. I faced it all, and I stood tall. I did it my way." And later, Kendall shared another clip from the campaign: And that's when the criticism started rolling in. Some just found the whole 'Originals' concept a little, well, lost... But not everyone found the ad offensive. Fans leapt to Kendall's defence to compliment her on the new ad, with some explaining that Adidas Originals has never been a brand just for athletes.   
From: Cosmopolitan UK

 "I want everyone to feel included with this collaboration," Kardashian says of her partnership. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Kim Kardashian has teamed up with eyewear brand Carolina Lemke to release a collection of seven sunglasses that cost $90 a piece, and are available to shop right now. She is also set to release a second collection featuring six different styles in late Spring.   “There is something for everyone. I want everyone to feel included with this collaboration," Kardashian said in a statement about the first release of her collaboration. "We’ve included everything from a big statement shield to a really simple, classic shape." There are also some very Bella Hadid tiny shades. Kardashian added that she was involved in the developmental process with the brand's team and that she is "so excited to share them with my friends and my family.” Kardashian not only had input on the creative aspect of designing, but ever the savvy biz woman, she is also a business partner in Carolina Lemke. In recent years, Kardashian has diversified her business portfolio to include KKW Beauty (a range of color cosmetics), KKW Fragrances, Kids Supply (children's clothing line), and an app for mobile devices.  The initial seven-piece drop features various silhouettes including a pair of attention-grabbing shield sunglasses (Nirvana, Sahara, and Rider) and a '90s-inspired frame that reminds us of the Matrix (Dusk). There's also a metal-framed circular pair (Indra), angular Tempest, and a killer pair of sleek metal-rimmed frames (Chaotix).  Dusk is currently available in classic black, and the other six styles are in a variety of colors, ranging from burgundy (Indra), metallic gold (Chaotix), and neon (Sahara, Nirvana, and rider) that would make a stylish addition to your festival season wardrobe. Check out the full collection, modeled by Kardashian and lensed by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott below. 
 
 See the top looks from the season's standout collections. As the Spring 2018 collections walk the runways in Milan, check back as we spotlight the best looks from the standout collections of the season.
 The fashion legend and new Decorté creative director opens up to Bazaar.   Kate Moss is on a roll. The famously guarded supermodel is rhapsodizing about lotions and potions. “Sorry for going on,” she says, finally coming up for air surrounded by a pile of makeup and moisturizers, “but when I get really excited about something I can talk about it for hours.” The reason for Moss’s volubility, and her visit to New York, where we meet in the penthouse of a downtown hotel, is her recent signing as the creative director of Decorté, the cult Japanese beauty brand known for its state-of-the-art serums and whose advertising campaigns she has modeled in for the past three years. “I love the products, I really believe in them,” she offers, between drags of a Marlboro, “so it’s easy for me to talk about them. I used to bring them back for my friends every time I’d go to Japan because after the first time they were all like, ‘Please, can I have some more.’”   Although clearly excited about her new gig and loaded title (“It’s so grown-up; it basically means I’m responsible for the look of the ad campaigns as well as starring in them”), Moss, 44, knows that being the face of the brand invites scrutiny as to how she is aging. “Well, people are going to do that anyway,” she says, referring to the tabloid obsession with her maturing. (The Daily Mail, for one, keeps a running tab on her looks.) “I’m used to it by now.” She recounts how, when she was starting out as a teenager, the photographer Mario Testino used to inspect her face for imperfections after she was done with hair and makeup on their shoots. “He’d hold his glasses up to my face like they were a magnifying glass, and I’d start shaking my head so he couldn’t focus,” she recalls, drawing uncomfortably close to my face before filling the room with one of her signature cackles. “Luckily I had a good head on my shoulders, but can you imagine?”  The supermodel, for the record, looks great. Dressed in a black Prada cashmere sweater and trousers by the Row, her arms adorned with bracelets by Dior and Cartier (not to mention tattoos of an anchor and a cross), Moss is a picture of unstudied glamour. “It’s my lounging outfit,” she jokes. Before I can ask about the rings on her left hand, she chimes in, “Diamonds, darling. Vintage diamonds.” Her hair is Bardot-blonde and perfectly tousled in a way that suggests she woke up like that. Sure, her face (tanned from a recent Greek vacation with her boyfriend, the photographer Count Nikolai von Bismarck) betrays a few incipient lines around her eyes and mouth, but she remains every bit the iconic beauty who has appeared on countless magazine covers and inspired artists and photographers from Lucian Freud to Mario Sorrenti (in fact, the latter just came out with a coffee-table book called Kate that’s filled with intimate, never-before-published portraits of Moss when she was on the cusp of stardom).   Friends say that Moss’s humble nature has played a key role in her unusually long reign at the top. “We can all see something of ourselves in Kate,” says former model and band manager Tricia Ronane, a longtime friend of Moss’s. “Women see her living a normal life, having a job and being a mom, going out with friends and having a boyfriend. We see her doing these things and looking great while not appearing to spend too much time worrying about it. It is an approachable lifestyle that we can all see ourselves living.” James Brown, a London-based stylist who grew up in the same working-class suburb of Croydon as Moss and who worked on the new Decorté campaign, agrees. “She always looks effortless, and maybe because nothing is ever too scary on her, it looks achievable. People relate to her. We’ll be in a deli grabbing a sandwich, and someone will just go up to her and ask her what she is ordering.” "I think it helps that I don’t take myself too seriously."  It’s a relatability that Decorté and Moss are gambling will pay off at the beauty counter. “I think it helps that I don’t take myself too seriously,” Moss muses on the sway she has on women around the world. “You don’t want to be a slave to beauty. Don’t get me wrong, I love beauty products more than ever—as you get older, you have more to hide—but I’m not obsessed. Even when I’m going out, I still find it hard to wear false eyelashes and stuff. Sometimes [makeup artist] Pat McGrath will be like, ‘Come on, darling, let’s put a lash on you,’ but I would never put one on myself.” Moss, who learned about beauty on set from the world’s leading hair and makeup artists, is good at it, says Brown. “The second you touch her with a tool or a product, she just knows and will be like, ‘The fifth curl on the right behind my ear doesn’t feel right,’ and she is always spot-on.” These days, Moss is being schooled by Lila, her 16-year-old daughter with Dazed Media cofounder Jefferson Hack. “She teaches me everything,” says Moss. “Lila and her friends follow all the beauty blogs and Instagram accounts, and she’ll be like, ‘Mum, you have to try this, it’s amazing what they can do now.’ She does all that contouring and stuff, which I’m sure they do to me when I’m at work, but I never pay any attention. I’m too busy talking.”   The only advice she has for Lila—who was recently named the newest face of Marc Jacobs Beauty—is to appreciate her individuality. To this day, Moss says she finds it hard to believe that she managed to make a name for herself in the age of Naomi, Linda, and Christy. “I never could compare myself to those girls,” she explains. “I wasn’t five foot eleven, I wasn’t built like they were. I was always different, and that’s why I got booked. For Lila and her friends, it’s hard because it’s all there on the phone, the Kardashian factor, it’s in their face much more than it was for us. It’s instant inspiration but also instant judgment. But she has seen me, and I’m not obsessed with myself, so hopefully that will rub off.” Lila would do well to also learn from her mom’s work ethic. “Kate has an incredible personal style and great taste,” says the photographer Sølve Sundsbø. “But in the same way that Bowie was more than his music, she represents much more than just being a supermodel.” In addition to remaining one of the world’s most in-demand models, Moss is a contributing editor for British Vogue; has designed capsule collections for Topshop and Longchamp; collaborated on wallpaper with de Gournay; and after 28 years of being represented by Storm Models, launched the Kate Moss Agency two years ago. Her roster consists almost exclusively of models with interesting side hustles, such as DJ Luka Isaac, Game of Thrones actress Gwendoline Christie, and singer Rita Ora. “It’s an eclectic mix,” says Moss, “but as a gang, everyone kind of works together.” "If I only had one product, it would be an intensive moisturizer.  The Meliority cream is rich but it’s not heavy. I call it my 'transformation in a jar.'" "It gives lips more of a sheen than a color." "I’ve been using this Liposome serum for years now and it’s an essential part of my daily routine. The liposome technology hydrates my skin and I love the feel of this." "When I need that extra little bit of comfort, I use the Vitality Tincture. Honestly I feel five years younger when I use it." "I use this for proper coverage under my chin—it always gets a bit red—and around my nose." "This has 30SPF and it’s very light. I like to use some coverage because obviously as you get older you have a bit more to hide. But I don’t like heavy foundation because I don’t like that feeling of wearing a mask. This one sits nicely on your skin." Though she claims to have become a mother hen who gets depressed when her charges don’t land a job, Moss says she works hard to keep stress in check. “I’ve learned to take care of myself a bit more,” she says. “I do yoga every day. I don’t go out nearly as much. And I take care of my skin, which somehow has held up. The bad things I have done usually take their toll, and I’ve been quite lucky in that respect, but you have to put in the work.” Spoken like a true beauty impresario. This article originally appears in the December '18/January '19 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, available on newsstands November 20.  Hair: Malcolm Edwards for GHD Tools; Makeup: Sam Bryant; Manicure: Lorraine Griffin; Set Design: Robbie Doig for Dragonfly Scenery; Photo Assistant: Simon McGuigan; Digital Operator: Lucie Byatt; Retouching: Digital Light Ltd.
 Top it off with a leather jacket and boots.  While they may not exactly be groundbreaking, florals are having a moment this fall. The darker and moodier flowers of the season make for the perfect dresses to pair with a leather moto jacket, boots, and if it's the temperatures ever actually drop below 60 degrees, a pair of black tights. Click through to shop one of the season's most effortless pieces at every price point.  H&M; dress, $99, hm.com. SHOP Tory Burch dress, $450, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Mango dress, $79, mango.com. SHOP RedValentino dress, $1,320, net-a-porter.com. SHOP  Gap dress, $35, gap.com. SHOP The Kooples dress, $174, stylebop.com. SHOP Burberry dress, $617, stylebop.com. SHOP Staud dress, $380, net-a-porter.com. SHOP H&M; dress, $35, hm.com. SHOP Diane von Furstenberg dress, $622, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Iro dress, $398, farfetch.com. SHOP Ganni dress, $410, farfetch.com. SHOP Alice + Olivia dress, $371, farfetch.com. SHOP A.P.C. dress, $301, farfetch.com. SHOP Zimmermann dress, $1,212, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Veronica Beard dress, $595, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Erdem dress, $1,895, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Zara dress, $50, zara.com. SHOP See By Chloé dress, $515, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Vetements dress, $1,850, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 And a haiku for each. Because what is fashion, if not poetry? From punk taffeta roses at McQueen to a winter wonderland at Chanel, the new new Celine, a poetic Valentino, and Wednesday Addams inspiration at Prada, it was a whirlwind of a fashion month that left us with new ideas and pre-orders spinning in our minds. See the best collections of the season, with a haiku for each for good measure.  Taffeta rosettes And Saville Row-esque suiting Was never so punk   The new new Celine Is Slimane gone '70s Take us with you please Beautiful farewell In Chanel gone apres ski  On a mountain top Answer one question Have you ever seen a trench So very perfect? We all wear a mask Proverbially speaking Now we can for real Only Nicolas Could set up the Pompidou  Inside of the Louvre We love what you do Dear Jonathan Anderson Just look at this cape Volume and feathers Topped off with Stephen Jones hats On supermodels  Kim and Garcia Have certainly hit their stride Did you see this dress? It was all glamour For Julien Dossena  Take all my money Through poems and tears We see you Pierpaolo  A true romantic  Have you ever seen Such gorgeous tailoring with Wednesday Addams hair? We all want to be A modern Betty Catroux In this very coat Put it in neutral With quietly lovely coats  Add a turtleneck This Japanese man Who made everyone happy Was found on Insta
 Mod accents and pastel hues look right at home — even in an urban jungle. The stylish little SoCal city of Palm Springs is known for desert heat, palm trees, and lots of dreamy colors. In fact, the iconic destination's unofficial uniform involves popsicle hues, oversized sunglasses, and the dreamy mod silhouettes of the '60s. With spring unofficially here, it's the perfect time for the desert oasis's rusty reds and poppy yellows to inspire a whole look—even if you're living in a cityscape on the other side of the country. Here, BAZAAR's beauty editor Jenna Rosenstein gives Palm Springs style an urban update with five summer-ready looks. Bright hues don’t need to empower an entire outfit. Instead of wearing bold hues head-to-toe, let a statement top with cool mid-century details shine against black extras. Easy-to-wear slides are also a summer necessity (along with a hat and XXL sunglasses).  Sam Edelman shoes, $80 SHOP ALC top, $275, farfetch.com; Stylist's own shorts; Illesteva sunglasses; Stylist's own hat Nothing feels more Palm Springs than a lilac top and metallic heels. How to modify the look for city life? Just add a structured pair of white pants to make the outfit more meeting than mai tai. Sam Edelman shoes, $120 SHOP Sam Edelman bag, $98 SHOP Tibi top, $495, shopbop.com; JBrand pants, $198, shopbop.com; Illesteva sunglasses An embellished basket bag doesn't need to be relegated to a vacation house. Wear it with a smartly tailored denim dress and metallic heels, and it's instantly city ready.  Sam Edelman shoes, $100 SHOP Sam Edelman bag, $178 SHOP Carven dress, $340, shopbop.com; Pono bracelet, $30 SHOP Sweet pale pink looks grown-up and elegant in a structured Balenciaga mini dress. The neutral tone also gets a street-style spin with stand-up accessories, like this cool purse (inspired by traditional Colombian carry bags). Sam Edelman bag, $98, SHOP Sam Edelman shoes, $120 SHOP Balenciaga dress; & Other Stories socks A white-on-white outfit goes from mod to chic when topped with a structured, printed biker jacket. The trick here is balancing out hemlines: A cropped jacket over high-waisted shorts looks clean and put-together. Sam Edelman jacket, $180 SHOP Sam Edelman shoes, $120 SHOP Alice & Olivia top; 3.1 Philip Lim top; Fendi sunglasses Styled by Brandy Smith, Hair by Linda Shalabi, Makeup by  Mark Edio The Canadian tuxedo is a seasonless staple. Here, platform sneakers and a ribbed tank give the go-to a playful twist. Sam Edelman jacket, $148 SHOP Sam Edelman jeans, $98  SHOP Sam Edelman shoes, $100 SHOP
 Tracking all the top fashion ads of the upcoming season. Here, we're tracking the chicest campaigns from the upcoming season. Model: Elsa Hosk Photographer: Kristin Lambert Studio  Painter: Chloe Wise Model: Sophie Turner  Photographer:  Inez van Lamsweerde & Vinoodh Matadin Models: Willow Smith and Kendall Jenner Model: Alina Timo Photographer: Zoey Grossman Models: Rianne van Rompaey, Carolina Burgin,Hannah Ferguson and Imaan HammamPhotographer: Steven Meisel Models: Dancers, musicians, students, and even a star-making cameo by Humberto’s mother, Wendy Leon.Photographer: David LaChapelle Model: Grace Elizabeth Photographer: Craig McDean Model: Dylan Sprouse Photographer: Cole Sprouse Photographers: Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott Model: Kendall Jenner Photographer: Steven Meisel  Model: Shalom Harlow Photographer: Steven Meisel Models: Nora Attal, Rachide Embalo, Juliane Gruner, and Rianne van Rompae Photographer: Ethan James Green Model: Eniola Abioro Photographer: Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin Model: Binx Walton  Model: Poppy Delevingne Photographer: Willy Vanderperre Models: Freja Beha Erichsen, Daan Duez, Jonas Glöer, Gigi Hadid, Maike Inga, Tae Min, Anok Yai, and Liu Wen. Photographer: Johnny Dufort Models: Kate Moss and Kaia Gerber Photographer: Ezra Petronio Model: Amber Valletta Photographer: Mario Sorrenti Photographer: Steven Meisel Models: Karolin Wolter, Veronika Kunz, Henry Kitcher, and Alpha Dia  Photographer: Juergen Teller Models: Anna Ewers, Rianne van Rompaey, Binx Walton and Parke Tae Min Photographer: Harley Weir Models: Gisele Bündchen and Tamino Amir Moharam Fouad Photographer: Craig McDean Model: Rita Ora Photographer: Harley Weir Models: Carolyn Murphy, Georgina Grenville, Fei Fei Sun, Binx Walton, Cara Taylor, Didier Vinson, Henry Kitcher, and Daniel Morel  Photographer: Josh Olins Model: Penelope Cruz Photographers: Nick Knight,Danko Steiner, Hugo Comte,Colin Dodgson,Peter Langer, andLetty Schmiterlow Models: Stella Tennant, Fran Summers, Claudia Lavender, Rianne van Rompaey, Natalia Vodianova, Irina Shayk, Sora Choi, Anok Yai, Darani,Matteo Ferri, and Joe Plunkett  Photographer: Jamie Hawkesworth Model: Jess Maybury  Photographer: Alan Silfen Models: Lenny Kravtiz and Zoë Kravitz Photographer: Tyrone LeBon 
 What do you mean you don't wear lingerie on a casual bodega run? Emily Ratajakowski isn't afraid to wear her lingerie out while running errands at a local bodega in Brooklyn, NY and she doesn't want you to be shy about embracing your body and femininity either.   "I think the Inamorata woman is the woman who will wear a bra top out to walk her dog and not even think about it. She is confident and doesn’t care what anyone thinks," EmRata said on the website for her brand, Inamorata.  Back in 2017 when Emily was just 25 years old, she co-launched Inamorata Swim, a six-piece bathing suit line that was inspired by her childhood in San Diego, California. Yesterday, the top model debuted the launch of the new chapter of Inamorata: BODY, a mix of lingerie staples and bodywear where each garment is named after popular streets in downtown Manhattan and Brooklyn. "A little over a year of @inamoratawoman and I'm so thrilled to finally share what I've been working on for you guys," she captioned her first Instagram from the brand's debut intimates lookbook. "Introducing BODY, a category that is so much more than lingerie. I hope you guys love it as much as I do."  EmRata also shared her top three personal favorite pieces from the product launch on IG, which includes the Bleecker: a sheer, charcoal grey, lace bodysuit with scallop trim and criss-cross back, that's named after a popular shopping street that runs from Greenwich Village to the Bowery. Emily also fancies the classic red ribbed-knit wireless bra and matching panty dubbed the Wythe, named for an avenue facing the East River in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Rounding out her top three is a millennial pink, cropped, scoop neck cami with matching bottoms, called the Stanton, an east-west street in the Lower East Side neighborhood of NYC.  The full 47-piece collection is available online and will begin shipping on February 11. Scroll down to see the full collection, plus watch her nighttime beauty routine below.
 50 years of the Anne Klein legacy revisited with an exclusive vintage curation and pop-up exhibit.  Recognized as one of the groundbreaking designers to put American fashion on the map, Anne Klein wasn't just a designer, she was a champion of authentic style and empowered the way women dressed. 50 years later, her legacy continues to influence contemporary elegance and inspire the modern woman.   "Clothes won't change the world. The women who wear them will."—Anne Klein  Launched in the mid-sixties initially as a consulting design studio, Anne Klein used her skills and vision to help brands elevate their collections and built her reputation as an eminent designer and innovator of style. She eventually created her own label that started with sportswear and grew to include women’s separates, jewelry, and accessories. Within a few years of creating the Anne Klein Company, her brand was projected to profit in the millions. The secret to Anne Klein’s success? She understood what the American woman wanted. It was never about fads, but rather focusing on wearable pieces that were versatile and classic to the core. Authenticity without restraint. Anne Klein’s designs resonated deeply with the Harper’s BAZAAR woman, making a constant appearance on our pages and becoming a go-to brand for our editors over the years. Timeless, effortlessly stylish, and empowering, Anne Klein has and always will be a BAZAAR favorite. This fall marks the 50th anniversary of Anne Klein. In honor of a half century of dressing woman and redefining American style, ShopBAZAAR partnered with the Anne Klein Company to feature a shoppable exhibit showcasing one-of-a-kind vintage pieces throughout the decades and invited industry leaders and entrepreneurs to discover her legacy and inspiring to create their own. Entrepreneurs Marlien Rentmeester of Le Catch, Daniella Pierson of The Newsette, and Lindsey Taylor Wood of The Helm were invited for a panel moderated by BAZAAR’s Executive Fashion and Beauty Editor Avril Graham for an empowering discussion about working women at the exclusive unveiling of Anne’s Archives Exhibition. Available only on ShopBAZAAR.com, own a piece of history with a vintage Anne Klein piece. From the iconic lion logo jewelry and statement-making carpet coat to classic denim that’ll never go out style and the famed separates (think versatile blouses, skirts, trousers), Anne’s archives are a fashion lover’s dream. Shop Anne Klein Vintage
 Alert: all Hunter boots will be available to shop for under $40!  From Missoni to Victoria Beckham and beyond, Target knows how to pull out all the stops for its designer collaborations. Its latest, however, isn't with a runway brand, but with the brand known for its iconic rain boots: Hunter. Including over 300 items—from womens to mens, toddlers, home and outdoor goods—the new collaboration brings all the staples of the British outdoorsy brand to a more affordable price point at Target.  Most exciting, of course, is the fact that the famous Hunter wellies—worn by everyone from Kate Moss to the Duchess of Cambridge—are now extremely affordable thanks to this collection. Normally priced at $140 - $165, you can now score a pair of iconic Hunter boots for $40 and under.  Yes, really.  Ahead of the Hunter for Target release, which hits stores on April 14, click through for your first look at the collection's look book.  The collection, which includes clothing and accessories for women, men and children, ranges in price from $5 - $80—with most items retailing under $30.  The Hunter x Target collection will be available to shop in Target stores and online at target.com on Saturday, April 14. 
 The rapper wore head-to-toe animal print to Dolce & Gabbana's show.  Cardi B, self-proclaimed "regular, degular, schmegular girl from the Bronx," touched down at Milan Fashion Week this weekend to attend Dolce & Gabbana's Spring 2019 show. For the occasion, the rapper channeled a fellow New York native—The Nanny's Fran Drescher—in a head-to-toe animal print look.   Fran Drescher in @dolcegabbana A post shared by  Iamcardib (@iamcardib) on Sep 23, 2018 at 6:49am PDT "Fran Drescher in Dolce & Gabbana," Cardi wrote on Instagram alongside a photo of her entering the show. Wearing more animal print than we thought humanly possible, she donned a tiger print trench, leopard pussy bow blouse, over-the-knee leopard boots, and furry D+G glasses to top off the look.  For reference, she did our favorite nanny from Flushing, Queens justice in the full-on animal print ensemble:   What was even better than Cardi's amazing Dolce & Gabbana look, however, was her commentary to go with it.   MILAN A post shared by  Iamcardib (@iamcardib) on Sep 23, 2018 at 6:36am PDT Behold, a transcription of the greatest Fashion Week critique of all time, by Cardi B:  "Get into these motherf*cking glasses, b*tch! These glasses right here? The fur? They got my face SUPER warm, like if I got a North Face—winter certified. Dolce & Gabbana want all my schmoney! Man, these Italians got me f*cked up, giving me champagne in the afternoon, they must not know that I'm light. What's good, b*tch? We out here in Milan, drinking sparkling water, eating some spaghettis (insert evil laughter)....b*tch!!!"  Consider this our official petition to have Cardi review all the Fashion Month shows moving forward. 
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttp’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 Mickey and Minnie just became the hottest runway models of the season.  Skipping New York Fashion Week this season, Opening Ceremony instead staged its Spring 2018 show at the happiest place on Earth: Disneyland.  In honor of Mickey Mouse's 90th birthday, the New York-based brand dedicated its entire spring collection to the most famous faces of Disney, Mickey and Minnie. For the special occasion, Opening Ceremony took over Mickey's Toontown in Disneyland—marking the first time in over four decades that the Californian park has hosted a fashion show.  As if watching Mickey and Minnie Mouse walk the runway wasn't exciting enough, guests also had three hours to roam Mickey's Toontown to go on rides, see attractions, and have the greatest time on Earth. At 9:00 PM, the runway show began in the midst of the park.  The collection, which was inspired by the world's most famous mouse, featured a lineup of Mickey-infused looks from faux fur coats to wide-leg pants, cool bomber jackets, and accessories.  Of course, if anyone can make Mickey look cooler than ever, it's Opening Ceremony founders Carol Lim and Humberto Leon. While half of the collection is see-now, buy-now and already available to shop, the other half will drop in October.  The pieces will be available to shop in Disneyland (the first time a brand has done so) and are also available online at openingceremony.com now.  Oh, and did we mention Mickey and Minnie not only walked the runway, but also took the final bow alongside designers Carol and Humberto? Watch out, Kaia Gerber.  Imma let you finish Paris Fashion Week, but Disneyland just had the happiest runway show of all time.  SHOP OPENING CEREMONY X DISNEY
 Guess who 1984 was all about. These are the celebrities, films, TV shows, and pop-culture moments that have inspired Halloween costumes over the past 50 years.  Boo! Thanks to successful books and a cartoon, Casper the Friendly Ghost made many trick-or-treat appearances in 1968.  Elvis Presley's NBC Comeback Special premiered in December 1968, and by next Halloween people were giving their best impressions of The King.  When The Beatles officially split in 1970, many fans wanted to relive the good ol' days one last time.  Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory may have been a film about a little boy with a dream, but it was the Candy Man who stole hearts in 1971.  Halloween in 1972 was all about channeling your inner Don Vito Corleone from The Godfather.  The Brady Bunch is a classic now, but in 1973 it was one of the most popular shows on television.  The first film adaptation of the classic F. Scott Fitzgerald novel was a total throwback to the 1920s.  Before Left Shark was even a thing, Jaws was the shark getting all the attention in 1975. In 1976, Rocky had wannabe boxers heading to the ring to emulate its lead.  If you weren't channeling Star Wars in 1977, what were you even doing? Many people hit the dance floor in 1978 wearing their best look from Saturday Night Fever — the film was released at the very end of 1977. Superman made 1979 Halloween celebrators want to become the Man of Steel for a night.  Cute heels and a plaid shirt helped ladies transform into Daisy Duke from Dukes of Hazzard in 1980.  You probably saw many people walking around with a hat and a whip attached to their hip in 1981 in order to become Indiana Jones in Raiders of the Lost Ark. In 1982, it was hard to not fall in love with Annie, the star of the eponymous film, and her infectiously positive attitude.  In 1983, Madonna fans loved the singer's edginess and wanted any excuse to dress up like the Material Girl. Everyone caught the supernatural bug with the release of Ghostbusters in 1984.  In '85, there was nobody cooler than Michael J. Fox in Back to the Future.  For Halloween 1986, pink hair and a microphone was all the rage, thanks to the animated series Jem and the Holograms.  RoboCop was  practically begging to become a Halloween favorite in 1987, and fans didn't disappoint.  Who wouldn't want to experience being a lazy cat like Garfield for a day? In 1989, the first film in the Batman series was released, and fans have been dressing up as the Caped Crusader ever since.  You can't think about the early '90s without thinking of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  In 1991, your dream of becoming a member of the Addams Family finally could come true. Michelle Pfeiffer brought Catwoman to life in 1992's Batman Returns. Cat ears for the win! Jurassic Park gave fans dinosaur fever in 1993. The Lion King was released in 1994, and you might have been living under a rock if you didn't dress up as Simba or Mufasa.   The success of Star Trek: The Next Generationseries satisfied the space dreamers in 1995.  Scream masks became the mask of all masks.  The release of "Wannabe" in 1997 had everyone saying, "Girl power." 
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Our roving photographer, Tyler Joe, captures the best looks on the streets.  Just judging by the street style it's easy to see why Tbilisi, Georgia is becoming the next fashion hot spot. 
 "I am sorry. I am so sorry. I am so sorry." Donna Karan has asked for forgiveness after her controversial comments made about Harvey Weinstein last week. The famed fashion designer questioned whether women "are asking for it" when it comes to sexual assault and harassment. She was accused of victim-blaming and many said that they would boycott her brand after she made the following on-camera comment at the CineFashion Film Awards in LA: "How do we display ourselves, how do we present ourselves as women, what are we asking? Are we asking for it, you know, by presenting all the sensuality and all the sexuality?…It’s not Harvey Weinstein. You look at everything all over the world today, you know, and how women are dressing and, you know, what they’re asking by just presenting themselves the way they do. What are they asking for? Trouble." Now, in a hugely apologetic, remorseful interview with WWD, she has pleaded with the public to absolve her. "I am sorry. I am so sorry. I am so sorry. Please forgive me," she said. "This is not the woman that I am and that you know, and I think most women know that about me. And for those of you who don’t, I will try to show over the next years or decades who Donna Karan is." Her quotes shocked the industry and beyond—Karan is known for empowering women and for her sensual campaigns. She put her comments down to fatigue and fear. "I heard a little bit of rumor. It was not like I had heard the entire story," she said. "It was like a complete rumor that I had heard and I didn’t want to comment on it. So I kind of weaved my way around it. I know Georgina [Chapman, Weinstein’s wife and principal designer of the Marchesa brand], I know Harvey, and I didn’t think it was appropriate for me to be commenting on it, so I wiggled my way out of it. However, what I did comment on was sexual harassment." The designer acknowledges she shouldn't have said what she did, calling the quotes "inappropriate" and "stupid." The designer also says she hadn't heard of the claims prior to last week. "I was exhausted, I was tired and—[when] it came back to me, I was shocked that I even said this myself. Because I was preparing in my mind what I was going to say in the theatre," she said. "And I just went off on something that I shouldn’t have, and I apologize profusely. I regret it so strongly. I think every woman who knows me, and I have [worked for] them in all sizes and all shapes, all I do want is women being free to express themselves. And that has nothing to do with being disrespected, molested and harassed. Absolutely not." 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 She won't be hanging up her Angel wings any time soon. Adriana Lima says that she'll retire from Victoria's Secret when she's 40, which gives the 36-year-old model four more years on the brand's catwalk. "That's something that doesn't come into my head," she told People. "My plan is to stay as long as my body allows me, at least until I am 40, so that's four or so more years. But if I can stay longer, I will."  Lima's fitness trainer, Michael Olajide, Jr, had previously said that the upcoming VS show was set to be the "last time" that his client would model for the brand. The catwalk spectacle will take place in Shanghai for the first time this year. The Brazilian beauty started modelling for VS when she was 18 back in 1999 and was made an Angel two years later.  "It's a huge career opportunity to be in the Victoria's Secret fashion show," she said. "The girls are fun and there's not such a thing as competing with each other." 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 A fashion designer who is as famous and recognizable as any movie star, Armani has dressed the great and good of Hollywood’s nest. Never forget that Giorgio Armani—or Mr. Armani, as he is often deferentially called— is a small-town boy. Born in Piacenza, a cathedral town in northwest Italy, in 1934, he grew up dreaming of more for himself. He talks often of his mother’s rigor and dignity; of the hardships of interwar and postwar Italy. It sounds like the script of an Italian neorealist  lm by Roberto Rossellini or Vittorio De Sica except, of course, that it was real. “It’s that idea of achieving so much, even with so little,” says the designer, who has achieved so much. Given Armani’s backstory, it’s fitting that the images on these pages— these scenes, even—look like outtakes from a movie. They star Armani alongside Michelle Dockery, who reprises her role as Lady Mary in a big-screen continuation of the period drama Downton Abbey, in theaters this fall. A fashion designer who is as famous and recognizable as any movie star, Armani has dressed the great and good of Hollywood’s  nest. “Cate Blanchett, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kristin Scott Thomas, Richard Gere, Samuel L. Jackson, Jessica Chastain, and Lady Gaga,” he reels o  names from his studio in Milan.“But the list goes on.” He left out Sophia Loren, a veritable Armani avatar of understated, timeless Italian style.   Even before Armani began dressing Hollywood—when a young director, Paul Schrader, recruited the breakout star of Italian menswear to dress a near-unknown Richard Gere for the 1980 movie American Gigolo—the designer’s point of view was all allied more with cinema than with fashion. Perhaps alone in the late ’70s, Armani perceived the bigger picture of fashion not as an adjunct to living but as part of it, and that designers should and could create not just style but a lifestyle. It’s a hackneyed view today, but then it was revolutionary, as was his idea of dressing actors and actresses on the red carpet. Believe it or not, no one had thought of it before him. “A new generation of actors was emerging in Hollywood, less theatrical in their appearance than the previous generation,” Armani says of that period. “They were men and women looking for a new image. Turning to me was,in some way,a natural choice.” Diane Keaton was the first to wear Armani, in 1978; in 1992, he dressed Best Actress winner Jodie Foster for the Oscars. They wore the designer’s signature softly structured beige jackets (Foster glitzed hers up with beaded trousers) and looked entirely, applaud- ably, natural. “I think women need clothes that allow them to appear as they are, strong and feminine at the same time,” he says. “Clothes that don’t mask them and don’t transform them into objects, but rather give them personality and presence.” Hence the reason his clothes became a hit with Hollywood: When you pretend to be someone else your whole life, on the red carpet you want to be yourself.   For Armani, the world of movies first and foremost was a means of dreaming about something better, and it was an important part of his life growing up. “I belong to the generation that saw  lm as a way to escape reality,” he says now, having spent the past 40 years dressing movie stars with the aforementioned rigor and dignity. “Cinema creates a type of magic that’s difficult to resist, even today.” It’s difficult for Armani to resist, for sure. His fashion shows are staged with a cinematographic eye. This past September, he opted to showcase his Emporio Armani line on a vast, egalitarian scale, in an Emporio Armani–branded hangar at Milan’s Linate airport. Meanwhile, his Giorgio Armani shows have been taking place in the refined confines of his Armani/Teatro and Armani/Silos museum complex, both designed by Tadao Ando. Men and women walked together, adding to a sense of narrative, of interrelation, and romance. It’s the oldest story in the book: Guy gets girl, girl gets a dress. “If I didn’t become a fashion designer, I would have liked to be a director.” His haute couture, however, is perhaps the most cinematic. For the past two seasons,Armani has staged the collections he calls Armani Privé with breathtaking intimacy in hôtel particuliers, the grand townhouses that were once home to Parisian aristocracy. Walking into the 17th-century, ormolu-swirled Hôtel d’Évreux on Place Vendôme for the Spring 2019 collection in January, beneath its faded mirrors and clinking chandeliers, you felt as though you were stepping into the past. The soundtrack to Bernardo Bertolucci’s The Conformist played as the models meandered through a warren of rooms, the audience close enough to touch. It was an elegiac experience. It made you dream. Later, for the Bazaar shoot, the same elegant environs frame Dockery, in Lady Mary mode, like a ghost of the past haunting the present. Bar the clothes, which, as always, showcased Armani’s fascination with the near future, the almost present.  “I’ve often said that if I didn’t become a fashion designer, I would have liked to be a director,” says Armani. “I would have liked to direct a  lm about my life, with me played by Paul Newman. I regret never having asked him.” It’s easy to imagine Armani achieving it. His empire, a multibillion-dollar behemoth (around $2.7 billion in annual revenue, to be exact), spans not only clothes but also esoteric delights such as Armani/Casa (home), Armani/ Dolci (sweets), and even Armani/Fiori (flowers). He can truly lay claim to having invented a universe—his is the rarest of breeds, the fashion auteur.   Like any auteur, Armani exercises complete control. His singularity of vision is unparalleled. I have watched him backstage, and in his atelier preparing for his shows: It is Armani who shapes the garments, building looks on models. He adds and removes accessories, twists garments around and adjusts their fit. There is a retinue of assistants and designers ever present, of course. They include his niece Silvana, who is the head of design for womenswear, and seamstresses from his couture atelier, based in the grand Palazzo Orsini in Milan, who dart forward to, say, stitch down the pleats across the bodice of a dress as Armani places them closer to the body. The designer directs everything, as opposed to employ- ing an outside stylist.“For me, it’s impossible, very difficult, to imagine somebody else making that decision for me,” Armani once told me after one of those fittings. “My job, it’s not only creating, but also styling. It’s how things are put together, which is important, it’s essential.” Then he paused, smiled. “We are all stylists.” Giorgio Armani is a knot of contradictions and paradoxes. His couture expresses that perfectly: It is a wellspring of extravagance for a man known for dressing the world in 50 shades of beige. Similarly, while Armani grounds his clothes resolutely in reality (“I ended up in this world because I wanted to dress real people and meet their needs”), he nevertheless adores the fantasy inherent in cinema. “What I love about cinema is its ability to transport,” Armani says. One could say the same of his fashions.  GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR This article originally appears in the May 2019 issue of Harper’s BAZAAR, available on newsstands April 23. Hair: Diego Da Silva for Oribe; Makeup: Niki M’nray; Production: Ben Faraday for octopix.fr.
 A collection for regular degular shmegular girls.  Is anyone having a better 2018 than Cardi B? It goes without saying the rapper, born Belcalis Almanzar, is conquering the music world and it seems the fashion industry may be next. Her debut album, Invasion of Privacy, dropped on April 6th to much fanfare and praise, with artists like Rihanna and Timbaland raving about her music on social media. The following week the Bronx native performed on Saturday Night Live. The rapper also took this major moment in her career to reveal that she was pregnant after months of speculation. No words were necessary, all it took was a form fitting Christian Siriano gown to confirm the rumors that she was expecting with fiance Offset from Migos. As she's amassed major fame, that also means recognition from the fashion industry. Cardi has appeared in countless magazines, including landing covers of CR Fashion Book, Cosmopolitan, and New York magazine.  It's clear that Cardi is poised to become a new style icon, with stylist Kollin Carter by her side. While she's worn pieces from high-fashion labels like Moschino and Alexander Wang, Cardi is still just a regular girl from the Bronx and loves her high-street wear. So it came as little surprise when Cardi announced this week that she has a collaboration in the works with Fashion Nova, and online retailer for women's clothing that Cardi has been wearing and repping long before her "Bodak Yellow" days.   The line is said to be due out in October this year. Cardi's collection will feature 80-100 pieces, all designed by the rapper herself, from dresses to jeans and outerwear. This will be Fashion Nova's first design collaboration. The brand's CEO Richard Saghian said, "I can’t think of a better fashion icon for our first design collaboration than Cardi B. Cardi loves the brand and was wearing it before she became famous. She’s the ultimate fashion muse and has incredible style."  We know her fans would agree as well!
 Models carried human heads, baby dragons, oh, and some handbags too.  You can always count on Gucci to push the envelope with its elaborate runways, but Alessandro Michele took it to the next level today at the fashion house's Fall 2018 show.  Baby dragons, human heads as accessories, a third eye and face masks: these are the key looks in Gucci's cyborg world. Creating a waiting area meets operating room, the brand described its show on Instagram, writing, "the concept reflects the work of a designer—the act of cutting, splicing and reconstructing materials and fabrics to create a new personality and identity with them. The materials used are typical of an operating room and the environment around it: PVC on the walls and floors, fire doors with panic-bars, LED lamps, and plastic chairs like those in a waiting room."  Translating that theme into the collection itself, models hit the runway carrying items like human heads, baby dragons and iguanas (fanny packs and crossbody bags are so last season).  To be fair, how else does one outdo the Gucci logo bags that have infiltrated the street style scene and world other than by replacing them with dragon puppies?  And maybe I'll scoop up an iguana for fall too.  Another model walked the runway in what first appeared to be a normal pink party dress, but upon a closer look was covered in a sheer tulle Gucci bodybag (when I die, please make sure my bodybag is Gucci). Oh, she also had a third eye.  Other eye-catching looks from the collection included Kabuki-inspired knitwear and ski masks adorned in jewels.  The inspiration was wide-ranging (there were a whopping total of 90 looks, after all) and included influences from Japanese culture, Middle Eastern culture and even some New York City culture in the form of Yankees gear (thanks to Gucci's new collaboration with the MLB).  As with most Gucci collections, there was a lot to unpack here–but it all molded together as yet another boundary-pushing, conversation-starting show from Alessandro Michele. 
 Take note from these cat-walkers on your go-to easy look for the sweltering season... Take note of the new model-off-duty uniform and keep your jumpsuit cool and casual this summer.  Bella Hadid goes for fitted, sexy and '70s in a plunging jumpsuit that is a full "lewk" with very little effort. A sleek heel works well here. Let that zipper go as low as you dare... Re/Done Originals jumpsuit, $1,257, matchesfashion.com. SHOP It's all white in the South of France for this VS model. Metallic sandals and clear frames complete the breezy idea. A waist tie lends this laid-back look a bit of structure. Nili Lotan jumpsuit, $725, nililotan.com. SHOP Ratajkowski dons a sporty all-in-one for a lap around the track. A white bootie keeps it dressy. This version is a little bit utility, a little bit nautical—a perfect beachside-to-city combo. Lisa Marie Fernandez jumpsuit, $795, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Go bold like the elder Hadid in a standout hue on your favorite cut of jumpsuit. Green, sparkling accessories keep the look luxe.  This knit version can be easily dressed up or down, but shares that vibrant color-way. Eleven Six , $445 , eleven-six.co. SHOP Although technically separates, this Miaou ensemble gives the vibe and lengthening effect of a great jumpsuit. White kicks pull it all together. Get the vibe of a great floral dress done up in the ease of a jumpsuit. LoveShackFancy jumpsuit, $395, loveshackfancy.com. SHOP Christensen took to the market in a button-up cotton jumpsuit that has its heart in work-wear. This green version shares a similar look sans stripes. A.P.C. jumpsuit, $374, matchesfashion.com. SHOP This '90s super goes a bit more dressed up in bold lines. Easy booties pair perfectly with it. This Sea suit can go from the office to the weekend without skipping a chic beat. Sea jumpsuit, $598, farfetch.com. SHOP Strijd takes to the airport in slick all-black—proving a girl can never go wrong in the classic shade.  This belted version gets that all-black job done—flattering spaghetti straps included. Andrea Marques jumpsuit, $641, farfetch.com. SHOP
 On Prada, Gucci, Jil Sander, and Alberta Ferretti The Fall 2019 runway shows are currently underway in Milano—see the standout looks from the week's top collections.  All fashion savvy ladies know it's best to get dressed from the shoes, up. Ferragamo took that lesson to heart when it named its footwear designer Paul Andrew to creative director recently. That meant for this collection, the designer was inspired by a 1942 archive shoe with an emphasis on color. Think: color-blocked leather looks and an overall cool, but elegant collection complete with some of the best outerwear we've seen all season. -Kerry Pieri It's a party over at Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini and this one took place in the mid-90s—the heyday of the chic supers, from Kate to Christie. Today's supers, Bella included, walked in the mini skirts, jumpsuits, and one-shouldered dresses that are meant to dance in. It all felt like a welcome youthful surge in Milan. - Kerry Pieri Paul Surridge added a dose of Cavalli boldness by way of technicolor tiger stripes mixed with his own more minimal, structural approach. There was simple suiting and a fantastic black leather coat, alongside poppy hues of yellow and green. It's a new take on Cavalli two years into the creative director's tenure and we're into this fresh direction. -Kerry Pieri  Versace is the ultra-glam label that the all the model girls are wearing when they hit the town. Bella Hadid recently appeared in the campaign for Versace x Kith. In other words, Versace has its eye on the young ones, and the young ones have their eye on the '90s. The theme at today's collection was supposedly "grunge" but through a very Versace lens. Think: those signature Versace prints, knit layers, slip dresses and corsets, and a subtle glam thrift store vibe. Grunge by Donatella sounds like just what the young Millenials ordered. -Kerry Pieri It was a new day at Bottega Veneta. After being helmed by Tomas Maier for 17 years, the fashion house debuted a new look under Daniel Lee for Fall 2019. Interestingly enough, Lee previously worked under Phoebe Philo at Celine—and his vision at Bottega may just fill the Old Celine void currently plaguing the fashion world. Lee’s debut collection was minimal without playing it safe—ranging from edgy leathers to feminine dresses. Quilted leather jackets and skirts kicked things off on a tougher note before a series of dresses with sculptural necklines drew attention to the collar bones. Sparkling out from the pack, mirrored shirt dresses added a bit of unexpected playfulness into the collection. Both feminine and edgy, it was the chic minimalism we’d been missing from Old Celine. —Lauren Alexis Fisher 
 A new hoop to obsess over.  Every stylish woman knows you can never go wrong with a pair of hoops, but this season our go-to earring is getting a long-overdue makeover. From the 'gram to the red carpet, lucite hoops are emerging as the fashion set's favorite new accessory. Offered in a range of clear hoops and pastel colorways, there's a lucite look for everyone to try this summer. Shop the best of the season below—and see how everyone from Emily Ratajkowski to Tracee Ellis Ross is styling the trend.  Helping spearhead the summer trend, Alison Lou launched its LOUCITE by Alison Lou collection of jelly hoops. Available in a range of colors and sizes, Emily Ratajkowski (the face of the campaign) demonstrates the power of the statement-making accessory for the season (see-through trench sold separately).  Loucite by Alison Lou large hoop earrings, $165, alisonlou.com. SHOP Add a touch of glam to the look by going for a pair of lucite hoops with gold detailing.  Kenneth Jay Lane earrings, $49, barneyswarehouse.com. SHOP Making for the perfect neutral, a tortoise hoop adds a little texture and print to the lucite look.  Banana Republic earrings, $38, bananarepublic.com. SHOP As demonstrated by Bella Hadid, clear oversized hoops will go with virtually everything in your wardrobe.  BaubleBar earrings, $38, baublebar.com. SHOP These thick lucite hoops make for a playful and affordable take on the trend.  Urban Outfitters earrings, $16, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP Gabrielle Union makes a case for the more subtle take on the trend with a small pair of clear hoops.  Loucite by Alison Lou hoops, $125, alisonlou.com. SHOP Throw a splash of summer-infused color into your outfit with these orange lucite hoops.  Shashi earrings, $15, shopbop.com. SHOP Go geometric with an angular lucite hoop that adds a little more edge. Leetie earrings, $14, etsy.com. SHOP For maximum impact, double up on the trend with two sets of Alison Lou hoops in different sizes and colors à la Blake Lively. Loucite by Alison Lou medium jelly hoops, $145, and small hoops, $125, alisonlou.com. SHOP Instagram via @blakelively Perfect for a nighttime look, BaubleBar's interlocking hoops mold lucite, gold, and silver all together in one.  BaubleBar earrings, $36, baublebar.com. SHOP And as Tracee Ellis Ross proves: the bigger the better. Go bold this summer with a pair of oversized lucite hoops that instantly upgrades any look. Loucite by Alison Lou large hoop earrings, $165, alisonlou.com. SHOP
 A charitable tee to spice up your wardrobe. Rumors of a Spice Girls reunion have been swirling for years now. And while we still may not have any definite answers yet (minus this epic reunion photo), Victoria Beckham just designed a Spice Girls t-shirt that will have you feeling all sorts of nostalgic in the meantime.  The limited-edition t-shirt isn't just here to spice up all of our lives, it's also for a good cause. Celebrating girl power, Beckham's $35 t-shirt featuring the Spice Girls will donate 100% of proceeds to Red Nose Day, an organization seeking to end child poverty.  "I travelled to Kenya and saw amazing programs supported by Red Nose Day USA. Girls in these programs are using boxing classes to not only learn self defense, but also leadership—tapping into their girl power. I was so inspired by the young women I met there. And it’s not just about being strong in the ring; these girls are future doctors, lawyers, and all around game changers who write their own stories, and will shape the futures of their communities. That’s girl power," Beckham wrote on Instagram.  THE STORY I travelled to Kenya and saw amazing programs supported by Red Nose Day USA. Girls in these programs are using boxing classes to not only learn self defense, but also leadership - tapping into their girl power. I was so inspired by the young women I met there. And it’s not just about being strong in the ring; these girls are future doctors, lawyers, and all around game changers who write their own stories, and will shape the futures of their communities. That’s girl power.  #RedNoseDay #NosesOn  I'll share more about my trip to Kenya soon. In the meantime, get your very own Red Nose Day Spice Girls tee -and help to fund more incredible programs! Link in bio. A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Apr 16, 2018 at 9:02am PDT The front of the t-shirt features a black-and-white photo of the Spice Girls wearing red noses and the back showcases all five of their names.  Victoria Beckham Spice Girls T-shirt, $35, omaze.com.  SHOP While it's still not confirmed whether or not the Spice Girls will really be reuniting for a performance at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding next month, this reunion t-shirt will have to hold us over until then.  
  Love my girls!!! So many kisses!!! X Exciting x #friendshipneverends #girlpower A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Feb 2, 2018 at 8:27am PST 
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttp’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 We're looking back at the model's best VSFS looks through the years.  After rumors bubbled up over the weekend, Alessandra Ambrosio confirmed to Entertainment Tonight that, yes, the 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai would be her last. Though the model, 36, has been a staple of the VS runway for the past 17 years, she also has other passions to pursue. "The Brazilian native wants to spend more time on her successful swimsuit line, 'Ale by Alessandra,' and is also looking forward to spending more time on her acting career," ET reports.  Ambrosio first walked the VS runway in 2000, and went on to open (and close) the show, model the fantasy bra (twice) and sport the brand's heaviest set of wings (while pregnant with her second child). She also became the first spokesmodel for Victoria's Secret PINK in 2006.  Needless to say, Ambrosio became a known face of the brand; and the VS fashion show won't be the same without her. Flip through to see her evolution on the Victoria's secret runway.  While pregnant with her second child In VS's heaviest set of wings
 A classic wardrobe staple, but make it groundbreaking; this is how you wear a leather jacket in 2019.  The essential leather jacket—which comes in trending variations like faux leather or PVC—remains a timeless wardrobe staple that never loses its cool-factor. Sometimes, however, it becomes more of an easy style shortcut when paired with basic jeans and simple white T-shirts, causing those who embrace it to look...well, like duplicates.  Whether you belong to the Haider Ackermann clan of futuristic cool or the Saint Laurent crew of biker chic, we're here to offer some updated, elevated, and unique ways to wear the reliable piece. From mismatched animal prints to double layers, here are 8 leather jacket outfits that'll make you stand out. Plus. shop the best leather jackets here.  Gone are the days of leather on leather equating a grungy gang of biker dudes. The structured leather separates of today are feminine, effortless, and highly Instagrammable. Wear them separately or together—either way you're bound to look city chic.  A statement-making pant that can carry you through many seasons.  It doesn't get much better than a sleek cleft-toe, multiple straps and a smooth block heel.  Layering an oversized leather jacket over your itty-bitty animal-print slip dress is sure to be the right move for a cool night out. Keep things from looking too overdone with a low-heeled mule to top off the look.  For warm nights that require a little leg.  For a minimal approach to the leather jacket, opt for a blazer/leather jacket hybrid that can be layered with silky skirts, cotton T-shirts, and easy midi dresses.  A classic white midi skirt that'll outlive trends, season after season.  These sleek naked sandals will carry you anywhere.  What's better than a leather trench? One with a zebra-print midi dress underneath. Layer up your dress— depending on the season—with a white button-down shirt for added contrast. Imagine this dress + white cowboy boots.  An instant look.  For all your sophisticated layering needs.  Dress down a long leather trench with a white T-shirt, cropped black pants, and a classic pair of Vans We love how this influencer styled hers: with the French flair of a black beret.  This sophisticated beret is crafted in France from cotton poplin and a cotton-twill lining, giving it an understated and authentic feel.  With the right boot height and a longer jacket length, a trouser isn't necessary. Keep things interesting by adding a luxury knapsack and liquid red thigh-high boots.  A pop of cherry red in the form of an edgy, walkable boot is a game-changer.  Your new go-to edgy look? An oversized biker jacket styled over an animal-print ensemble. Keep it cool with a pair of worn-in sneakers.  Not for the faint of heart, this clashing multi-print shirtdress is for the woman that wants to stand out.  Too much print for your liking? Tone it down with a cool T-shirt and a classic leather moto jacket.  A patent leather trench makes for a modern twist on the classic biker jacket. Keep things fresh with a chunky turtleneck and straight-legged jeans.  Perfect for late spring evenings and early fall days. 
 Shop the best frames fit just for you.  Sunglasses may seem like a small, minute detail in everyday dressing, but when you find your perfect pair, they become more than a sun-shielding necessity. Similarly to tailoring your clothes to fit, the right sunnies can elevate your style, enhance your face shape, and lend an instant boost of cool to any summertime look.  Unfortunately, not all sunglass trends are created equally, and there exist particular styles that are ideal for everyone. Whether your face is heart-shaped, round, oval or square, we've found the best sunglasses to fit your face shape with a little inspiration from celebrities who've mastered the art.  Aviator sunglasses, like the oversized ones Kourtney is wearing, are ideal for highlighting the jawline and cheekbones as they parallel the outline of the face.   Balenciaga silver-tone sunglasses. Selena Gomez has mastered the art of round sunnies.  These sunglasses mimic and compliment the outline of a heart-shaped face.  Saint Laurent round metal sunglasses. When it comes to round faces, adding definition is key. To balance out rounder features, opt for a pair of classic wayfarer glasses.  Ray-Ban wayfarer tortoiseshell sunglasses. A thick square or rectangular shape gives you an instant contour. Kate Bosworth's chunky square frames gives her the angles a round face needs.  Dior gradient square glasses. Just like angular frames flattering a round face, oval frames flatter a square shaped face. Avoid boxy sunglasses with a pair of sleek oval sunglasses, built-in chic factor included.  Le Specs Outta Love oval sunglasses.  Oversized glasses, especially round ones, change the entire top-to-bottom ratio for a more balanced outline. If your face shape is like Margot's, the bigger the better.  Karen Walker tortoise oversized sunnies.  If you have an oval face, rejoice. Most sunglass styles work for your shape, and the options are endless. The most flattering of all, however, are trendy cat-eye options.  Gucci cat-eye sunglasses. For those with an oval face like Jourdan Dunn's, even the tiny hard-to-pull-off sunglass trend looks effortless and put together.  My My My sunnies.
 Plaid on plaid, major boudoir vibes and leopard everything.  It's officially fall and we're embracing the return of the wrap dress in vibrant color-blocking, plaid on plaid, daring bodysuits, edgy accessories and statement everything. Refresh your fall wardrobe with elevated style.  Of Rare Origin earrings, $1,450, shopbazaar.com, Gabriela Hearst blazer, $2,495, shopbazaar.com, Re/Done jeans, $290, shopbazaar.com, Victoria Beckham eye palette, $75, shopbazaar.com, Fendi bag, $1,900, shopbazaar.com, Simone Rocha top, $255, shopbazaar.com, Nicholas Kirkwood pump, $845, shopbazaar.com Givenchy sunglasses, $395, shopbazaar.com, Tibi blazer, $695, shopbazaar.com, Off-White top, $646, shopbazaar.com, Mark Cross bag, $2,495, shopbazaar.com, Tibi skirt, $375, shopbazaar.com, Tibi boot, $650, shopbazaar.com Cle de Peau Beaute lipstick, $65, shopbazaar.com, Rosie Assoulin blazer, $2,295, shopbazaar.com, Rosie Assoulin pants, $1,595, shopbazaar.com, Dorothee Schumacher top, $460, shopbazaar.com, Khiry earrings, $495, shopbazaar.com, Yves Saint Laurent powder, $47, shopbazaar.com, Fendi bag, $2,050, shopbazaar.com LEFT: Attico dress, $1,135, shopbazaar.com, Jennifer Fisher earrings, $295, shopbazaar.com, Hunting Season bag, $975, shopbazaar.com, Alexander Wang pump, $595, shopbazaar.com RIGHT: Tom Ford blush, $60, shopbazaar.com, Attico dress, $1,385, shopbazaar.com, 3.1 Phillip Lim boot, $695, shopbazaar.com, Noor Fares ring, $6,045, shopbazaar.com Serge Lutens eyeshadow palette, $160, shopbazaar.com, Bobbi Brown lip tint, $34, shopbazaar.com, Off-White top, $825, shopbazaar.com, RTA pants, $1,095, shopbazaar.com, Khiry ring, $295, shopbazaar.com, 3.1 Phillip Lim bag, $650, shopbazaar.com, Tibi pump, $450, shopbazaar.com  Jennifer Fisher earrings, $485, shopbazaar.com, Off-White bodysuit, $645, shopbazaar.com, 3x1 jeans, $265, shopbazaar.com, Victoria Beckham eyeliner, $45, shopbazaar.com, Yves Saint Laurent lipstick, $37, shopbazaar.com, Aquazzura boot, $1,150, shopbazaar.com   Tom Ford lipstick, $54, shopbazaar.com, Gabriela Hearst coat, $2,995, shopbazaar.com, Isabel Marant dress, $1,260, shopbazaar.com, Lele Sadoughi necklace, $398, shopbazaar.com, Mark Cross bag, $2,295, shopbazaar.com, Yeezy boot, $595, shopbazaar.com
 The Duchess of Cambridge's shoes are 35% off on Amazon's Prime Day Sale.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Kate Middleton may be the Duchess of Cambridge, but she is undoubtedly the Queen of casual wear. And now, thanks to a major sale happening for Amazon Prime Day, you can score one of her most iconic go-to staples, white Superga sneakers, for only $42. SHOP AMAZON PRIME DAY SALES The tennis shoes are usually priced at $64.95, meaning select sizes are up to 35% off as part of the Amazon Prime Day deal extravaganza. Most recently, Kate was spotted wearing the classic sneaks at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show on May 20, but she's also sported them at the 2017 London Marathon and on her 2016 Royal Tour of Canada.   The shoes are 100% cotton and feature a lace-up vamp with silver-tone rivets. Just an FYI from Amazon reviewers: Supergas tend to run large, so consider sizing down.  Worried about the shoes getting scuffed up? Superga notes that their Cotu styles (a.k.a. this one) can be easily washed if you throw them in a pillowcase and wash them on cool with powder detergent and leave them out to air dry. Problem solved.  Speaking of the Duchess's footwear, you should also note that Kate's other favorite athletic shoes — a.k.a. the New Balance Cruz Fresh Foam running shoes — are majorly discounted at the moment. Depending on your size, you can also score the navy shoes for $42, which is an impressive 53% discount.  Whether you decide to go with the Supergas or New Balance sneaks, or both, we're here to stress that you should snag your favorites ASAP. As with many royal fashion finds, these styles will likely sell out FAST once the rest of the internet gets wind of these discounts, so hurry! To shop more royal footwear Amazon sales (like Meghan Markle's Muck rain boots), check out the links below. 
 READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE 
From: Good Housekeeping US

 I'll take one in every color, please.  We can always count on Paris Couture Week to deliver the dreamiest of runway looks and today's Valentino Spring 2018 collection was certainly no exception. Featuring unexpected bright colors, over-the-top tulle, statement-making gowns, and incredible beadwork, Pierpaolo Piccioli's spring couture collection for the Italian house was every fashion lover's dream come to life.  Best. Hats. Ever. Brilliant show. @maisonvalentino #couture pic.twitter.com/Ji6xoaxiHA Most notable amongst the glamour-filled collection, however, were the dramatic feathered hats topping off several looks.  The hats, which were designed by Philip Treacy, hit the runway in a multitude of spring hues including hot pink, lavender, and seafoam green.  Forget the baker boy hats, bucket hats, and berets that have been taking over this past season, I'm fully ready to commit to hiding from the outside world underneath a giant feathered hat. Looking like something Joan Collins would wear to a courtroom as Alexis Colby on Dynasty, the over-the-top hat is just the right amount of extra we could all use in our lives in the year of our lord 2018. And, a much-welcomed dose of '80s glamour.  If not for every day life (which, I don't see why you couldn't wear this to the supermarket), there's no denying the hats would make for the perfect divorce court look à la Alexis Colby.  I'll take one in every color, please. 
 The presents fit for a queen (or Duchess).  For those who can't stop tracking Meghan Markle's style, shopping Kate Middleton's accessories, swooning over Prince Harry and Prince William, or obsessively researching the Queen's family tree, finding the perfect holiday gift is easier than ever this year. From Duchess-approved accessories to must-have royal books and cheeky gifts, we rounded up the best gifts to give anyone who's royal-obsessed. Click through to shop our favorites.  Meghan Markle's debut cookbook, in collaboration with Hubb Community Kitchen, is a heartfelt gift for a savvy chef—plus it's available to shop on Amazon Prime.  Kate Middleton can't stop wearing adorable velvet hair bows, and this little pony holder is the perfect way to channel her look. For your friend who's a queen at heart.  You're never too old for a coloring book and this one documents some of Kate Middleton's most fashionable looks. Just add a box of crayons and you're good to go.   Meghan Markle's go-to travel flats are both comfy and stylish, making the perfect gift for any stylish woman in your life.  Binge-watch Meghan's pre-royal role as Rachel Zane on Suits with this complete box set.  Meghan rocked these sunglasses in Australia and we've been eyeing them up ever since.  This cute cartoon poster documents the royal dresses throughout history.  A favorite brand of the entire British royal family, Philip Treacy makes the most exquisite caps for all your favorite royals. Get the look with this velvet and floral headpiece.  Kate Middleton loves rocking these easy-to-wear sneakers that go with nearly anything.  Filled with stunning family photos and rich history, this book is the perfect addition to any coffee table. Add a dash of British spirit to any room with these chic velvet Union Jack pillows. Meghan Markle's go-to pumps are also a closet staple.  Drink, eat, and be merry with this set of festive Royal spirits hand-made in the UK. Meghan has donned these gold leaf earrings to both casual and fancy events.
 Sleek and fun ensembles that pack a sartorial punch, but won't leave you feeling the winter chill.  When the harsh winds and frigid evenings make their entrance, it can be hard to conjure up visions of going-out looks that won't leave you frozen. What do you wear to a night out with friends or a significant other when the Weather App says 24-degrees Fahrenheit and four inches of snow?  For the sartorial set, turtlenecks at the club is no issue and sporting leather trousers at the bar is ideal. Ahead, look to 7 winter going-out looks to recreate this season.  Edgy is in, and so is leather. From trousers to shirts, the options are endless. For your next cocktail hour, look to doubling up on the cool-girl factor with an oversized biker jacket and updated pencil skirt.  Add a little texture and edge to your ensemble with Grlfrnd's Charlie jacket. Not too fancy for brunch, and not too basic for late nights.  Set aside your cotton and wool iterations for an office appropriate pencil skirt that packs a punch. This version from Commando is all you'll need for winter events. Picture this: showing up to a girl's night out with your favorite chunky knitwear in place. What could be chicer? Style a heavy sweater with embossed trousers for a cool-girl textural element.  Lock in the heat on your next night out with The Range. This expertly-crafted knit is made of ultra plush cotton and wool to keep you warm all season long.  Put aside your staple smooth-leather trousers in favor of Pinko's updated croc-embossed iterations.  With a fur coat, the styling options are endless, especially during the cold-weather months. Pair a fluffy fur (or faux) with skinny jeans and knee-high boots that scream, "I'm warm and stylish!" Whatever you wear with this coat will become instantly elevated.  There's nothing easier than a jumpsuit–especially in the winter time. It eliminates going-out jitters in a quick and easy sartorial formula. Opt for a full-length version to keep your legs and arms covered.  A luxe jumpsuit crafted in smooth brown leather for all your favorite ankle boot pairings.  Featuring a walkable heel, pointed toe, and heather gray hue, Marc Fisher's boots add a subtly cool touch to every going-out look.   Top off your favorite pair of waist-cinching denim with a textural statement blouse that adds dimension and volume. This season, we're feeling black blouses with exaggerated sleeves.  Exaggerated proportions and long sleeves are exactly what Johanna Ortiz brings to the table with this cashmere blouse.  Raey's boyfriend jeans are both laid-back and directional, ideal for teaming with tucked-in statement tops for a girl's evening out on the town.  You really can't go wrong with a sweater dress–its versatility is endless. Style it with leather knee-high boots on your next night out, and watch as heads turn as you enter the room both sophisticated and cozy.  Long sleeves, a ribbed texture, and a midi length: this luxe sweater dress from Vince looks great with boots, mules and sneakers.  Floral prints in the spring and summer are obvious and necessary, but playing with this pattern during the winter is unexpected and sleek. Keep this weather-appropriate by complementing with an overly embellished outerwear piece.  Stand out for all the right reasons in the cult-favorite Foxy coat from Saks Potts. You won't regret this one, especially when you're bundled up in line for your favorite lounge.  With an allover whimsical, '90s-inspired print, Prada's dress is ideal for layering, and a great conversation starter. Wine, anyone?
 Get ready for the summer of the naked sandal.  It's officially time to stow away your worn-down winter boots and usher in a new lineup of sandals for spring and summer. Much to the delight of shoe addicts everywhere, this season is all about the range when it comes to trends. From ultra-sporty sandals to art-inspired heels, there's a little something for every side of the style spectrum this summer. But already standing out from the pack is the return of the barely-there naked sandal. Giving us late '90s and early 2000s vibes, the strappy and minimal sandal is sure to reign as summer's hottest shoe. And we're already eyeing up several pairs to try the look.  From ultra-minimal sandals to snake prints and clear details, these are the 5 shoe trends sure to know and shop for Summer 2019.  We've seen our fair share of naked dresses, now it's time to make room for the naked sandal. Both strappy and minimal, the barely-there sandals take it back to the late '90s and early 2000s footwear that would do Carrie Bradshaw proud.  With a low heel and minimal straps, these make for the perfect everyday sandal for summer.  Try the look in a barely there lace-up form with these red sandals.  Zara's under-$100 take on the trend can be worn with virtually everything in your summer wardrobe (they also come in black and red too).  The ultimate naked sandal, wear it day or night.  Important PSA: Tevas are back—and getting the designer treatment too. The ultra-sporty, nylon flatform sandals look fresh when styled with midi skirts or dresses for spring and summer.  Try the high-fashion take on the look with Prada's rubber logo iteration.  Or keep is classic with the same Tevas you wore throughout the '90s. Go a little Sporty Spice with a neon and platform take on the look. From skirts to outerwear and accessories, animal prints have been taking over in all forms for several seasons now. This summer, try the look with a pair of luxe snake-print sandals that bring a little something different to your wardrobe of sundresses and breezy blouses.  A comfortable everyday heel and a playful pop of color, you'll want to wear these Schutz sandals all season long.  Chloé's tougher take on the look makes a perfect contrast for your white shirtdresses and ultra-feminine pieces.  A little bit naked sandal, a little bit animal print, these mules bring on the best of both worlds.  Add a little something extra to your summer shoe collection with an artful geometric heel that will take any look to the next level.  Jacquemus' mule take on the look works both for the office or a casual weekend look.  Slime green makes for an unexpected summer shade that'll instantly make your look pop.  Both strappy and equipped with an art-inspired heel, these bright blue Jacquemus shoes are one of the season's standout sandals.  Still going for that naked look, clear, PVC details are also key this season. From wedges to kitten heels and slides, there's an iteration of the look in every form of sandal to choose from.  Wedges are back—and these are the perfect place to start.  For both a pop of color and a hint of see-through straps.  Cinderella, but make it 2019. 
 She didn't even audition. It looks like Kendall Jenner won't be joining the lineup of models walking the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show this year. She apparently didn't even audition because she's scored a "multi-million dollar deal" as the face of La Perla, a one of VS's lingerie competitors, a source close to the Kardashians told TMZ. Jenner's contract reportedly includes a "non-compete clause," so modeling for VS was not an option. Jenner made her VS fashion show debut in 2015, and returned to the catwalk in 2016. If you'll miss seeing the 21-year-old reunite with her model pals (including Gigi and Bella Hadid) on the wing-filled runway this year, you can still catch plenty of her sporting lingerie on her and La Perla's Instagram. The 2017 VS fashion show takes place in Shanghai this year, and will be broadcast on CBS on November 28. 
 The supermodel looked flawless in the sheer gown. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. As London Fashion Week is underway, Naomi Campbell's Fashion for Relief runway show went down Saturday night at The British Museum. And it attracted several famous faces. Models Adut Akech, Stella Maxwell, and Alexa Chung were all in attendance, but it was Campbell's arrival that caught everyone's attention. Campbell posed in a jaw-dropping black gown featuring several sheer panels with delicate sequined adornments—and very little else. The supermodel appeared to be wearing the see-through dress without underwear.  Campbell also posed on the red carpet with Akech, who was recently featured on Meghan, Duchess of Sussex's guest-edited British Vogue cover. Campbell set up the charitable foundation in 2005 after being encouraged by Nelson Mandela. Per Campbell on the official Fashion for Relief website, "He always said to use my voice to speak out about things that I care about, to speak up and do something. Fashion for Relief is dedicated to improving the lives of those living in adversity, by uniting the fashion industry as a force for good."   The organization regularly gives money to a number of charities and causes, with the website noting that since its inception, Fashion for Relief has raised "over $15 million for good causes around the world."
 The supermodel invited Bazaar along for a sneak peek of her fitting.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. "I've been away for a little less than a year, and it's going to be exciting to be back on the runway," Candice Swanepoel told Bazaar during her late August Victoria's Secret Fashion Show fitting. While most women would be frightened to be standing in a room filled with people in just a red halter bra and matching panties—Swanepoel looked as comfortable as ever, and ready to reclaim her coveted wings for her 10th anniversary show. The South African beauty sat out last year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Paris due to maternity leave—she gave birth to her first child, a son named Anaca, in October of 2016. However, the 29-year-old supermodel says motherhood hasn't changed her perspective on her career much—she just has less time, especially when it comes to working out. "When I'm done taking care of him, I try to do a half hour workout every two days, two-three days. That's been working for me a lot more because I can't spend hours in the gym... and taking care of him, he's really heavy, so he's a workout."  Watch as Swanepoel gets ready to make her return to the lingerie extravaganza in Shangahi and gets fitted for her look in the "nomadic adventure" section. As the show walked yesterday, it seems that Swanepoel traded up for a pair of bigger wings, and her first set went to VS rookie Grace Bol. 
 There are some Kim Kardashian lookalikes in the bunch, too. Though he's been busy releasing new music for the past few weeks, Kanye West has been on his design hustle, too. Last night, the rapper-turned-designer debuted a new campaign for his Yeezy 500 Supermoon sneaker  campaign on Twitter, and it turned heads to say the least.  The shots feature a diverse roster of models wearing West’s new footwear, along with other Yeezy pieces like sports bras, leggings, and sweatshirts. But a few models really wore nothing but the shoe. One of them included adult-film actress Lela Star (who has an uncanny resemblance to West's wife, Kim Kardashian).   
  The campaign was photographed by Eli Linnetz (who shot the 2017 Kardashian Christmas card). He shared another revealing angle from the shoot.   #SUPERMOON by me A post shared by  ERL (@elirusselllinnetz) on Jun 12, 2018 at 1:15pm PDT The Clermont twins also made an appearance, wearing only the Supermoon sneakers, socks, and biker shorts.   There was also this faceless model, who posed topless but sported grey shorts, Calabasas socks, and Yeezy kicks.  Not all models were nude. Some wore Yeezy's signature oversized sweaters and biker shorts (à la Kim Kardashian), others even sported jeans.  The roster also included younger-looking models, including a child.  This isn't the first time Kanye has launched a new campaign on social media. For his recent collections, Kim has worn his design in public and shared the paparazzi photos online to debut the clothes. He also enlisted other models including Paris Hilton, Amina Blue, and Sami Miro to pose as Kim lookalikes for the shots, resulting in a full-on social media swarm. 
 The designer will be donating meals for every photo posted with the hashtag #WatchHungerStop for the cause today.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. This World Food Day, you can help Michael Kors end global hunger simply by taking a selfie in the designer’s new Watch Hunger Stop t-shirt designed by Insta-famous artist Clym Evernden (@clymdraws.) For every post tagged with #WatchHungerStop, Kors will donate 50 meals to the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP). Now in its 5th year, the designer’s Watch Hunger Stop initiative in partnership with WFP raises funds and awareness to help achieve food security and improved nutrition for the one in nine people worldwide still do not have enough to eat. This year’s t-shirt will be given away—no purchase necessary—at select Michael Kors stores around the world, and if you’re in NYC stop by the Soho store today from 12-2pm to see the artist himself drawing live on the windows. “I’ve always loved creating ‘brushed’ text with black ink, so for the campaign design I decided to work with the ‘Watch Hunger Stop’ text and somehow introduce a figurative element of artwork within these series of words,” explains Evernden. “The idea occurred to me to make the ‘O’ in ‘STOP’ a loose ink interpretation of the Earth, and elevate its presence by using a blue aqua colored ink. The Earth is an important artistic icon for the campaign as it represents a global effort.”
 Chriselle Lim's new collection is full of chic must-haves.  It's officially time to shed our bulky winter coats and we're more than ready to add some light and breezy spring pieces into our wardrobe. From new It bags to a fresh crop of swimwear trends, the spring/summer shopping options are already endless. But if you're looking for a quick way to elevate your everyday wardrobe without breaking the bank, there are some gems to be found in Chriselle Lim's new collection.  Ideal for both work and the weekend, the influencer's latest drop of styles from her namesake fashion brand mixes femininity with touches of masculinity. "My signature style has always been very feminine and while my style has evolved over the years,  I found it coming full circle once I become a mother," Lim said of the new designs. With pretty spring dresses, pastel suiting, and a bodysuit we're already planning to wear with everything, there's a little something for every wardrobe—with all prices ranging from $59 - $105. Now available to shop at Shopbop, Nordstrom, and Bloomingdale's, these are our 8 favorite picks to shop from the collection.  Deciding on the right jacket for 60 and 70-degree weather (plus your freezing office in the summertime) can be a real challenge. But this pretty sky blue blazer is your new sartorial savior. Wear it over a dress, with a pair of bike shorts, or matching trousers for a suit look.   Meet your new go-to dress of the season. The sweetheart neckline, belted waist, and subtle floral print make it an instant winner. Just add a basket bag and go.  A Pretty Woman-esque take on the classic slip dress. Wear it by itself or under a denim jacket  Trust us: you will wear this square-neck bodysuit with everything this season. Shop the skirt pictured here.  The perfect midi pencil skirt that you can dress up with a blouse for the office or wear with a t-shirt and slides for a more casual take.   If you haven't committed to buying a full suit look yet, test the waters with a short iteration that's perfect for ushering in spring. The high-waisted paperbag shorts make for a universally flattering fit—and you can shop the suit in a pretty sea blue too.  White pants y0u can wear everywhere from the office to your weekend plans. Shop the puff-sleeved crop top pictured here.  Whether you've got a summer party or simply a casual day out, this button and belted sundress is an effortless way to instantly look pulled together. 
 This is Alexander Wang's America.  Veering away from the traditional Fashion Week calendar, Alexander Wang took to a rooftop at South Street Seaport last night to embark on his new June/December show schedule.  For the first show of Wang's new chapter, dubbed 'Collection 1,' the designer presented his own version of "Immigrant Americana," which included Axl Rose-inspired bandanas, references to Chinatown, a ton of safety pins, and yes, Childish Gambino.  Though immigration may be a controversial topic in America right now, Wang's inspiration came from more of a personal standpoint rather than political. The collection was inspired by his parents, who immigrated to the country in 1973. Though they've been separated for 20 years, the designer reunited the two of them recently for a Californian road trip where he asked about their immigration story.  "I was inspired by them coming here and not speaking English, going to the grocery store and not knowing how to buy food, and all the jobs they had to do to build a better life for me. And taking that story and infusing it with pop culture Americana references that I grew up with like American football, motorcycle Harley Davidson culture, and rock ’n’ roll music. And then taking Chinoiserie and my heritage and infusing it into that world. I wanted to find a new way to express inclusivity and create a new narrative of what that might look like," Wang said backstage after the show.  Making the collection even more special, last night marked the first time the designer's dad attended one of his runway shows. For the occasion, he was decked out in head-to-toe Wang logo, of course.  As for the runway itself, the show kicked off with some heavy rock music blasting on an all-white rooftop overlooking the Brooklyn Bridge and New York skyline. Models hit the runway in Axl Rose bandanas, biker shorts, leather jackets, safety pin designs, Hawaiian leis, and even Wang's take on football jerseys.  The lineup included plenty of members from the #WangSquad like Bella Hadid, Anna Ewers, Kaia Gerber, and Behati Prinsloo in her first runway appearance since giving birth. In the front row, Jourdan Dunn, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, A$AP Ferg, and Pusha T watched on.  With heavy metal, Chinoiserie, and Western influences (along with cheeky 'Made in China' decals), the collection made for a giant melting pot of Americana culture—and that was precisely Wang's point.  The powerful finale was set to the backdrop of Childish Gambino's "This Is America," which perhaps summed up Alexander Wang's take on Immigrant Americana best.  This is @alexanderwangny’s America 🇺🇸 The designer presented his first show outside the traditional fashion calendar, Collection One, tonight in New York. #WangUSA A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Jun 3, 2018 at 6:18pm PDT
  Fresh inspiration for how to style fall's footwear MVP.  It's officially time to start transitioning your wardrobe from summer to fall. And if there's one staple your closet needs, it's the versatile ankle boot. Perfect to wear with dresses, skirts, and jeans, and featuring details from stiletto heels to Western influences, booties are the ultimate footwear MVP. Get inspired by some of this season's hottest ways to wear ankle boots.  Get a head start on fall's Western trend by styling a pair of cowboy ankle boots with a long-sleeved dress. Ariat's classic cowboy ankle boot, which comes in three color options, is the perfect way to add a little edge to all your dresses and skirts.  For a chic way to show off your footwear, tuck a pair of trousers into the tops of your boots.  A higher ankle boot can be easier to style with pants and midi-length dresses.  Contrast a colorful print dress with a pair of stark white booties for an unexpected pop. Pair Marc Ellis's white bootie effortlessly with all your fall dresses. Style a pair of stiletto ankle boots with blue jeans and a blouse for a look that can go from day to night à la Kendall Jenner.  A luxe boot that will make you feel 10 times sexier on a night out.   Top off a menswear blazer and boyfriend jeans with textured ankle boots that add some dimension. This season, we're feeling snakeskin for a break from our go-to black boots.  Featuring a subtle lace-up detail, By Far's snake-effect boots add a touch of cool to any look.  Take your favorite slip skirt from summer to fall by styling it with a pair of sleek pointed-toe booties.  Acne's architectural-inspired boot can be shown off when worn with a slip skirt or pair of jeans.    While we love classic black or white ankle boots, a light nude color makes for a chic, unexpected alternative that will go with virtually everything in your closet.  Aeyde's neutral ankle boot is both minimal and elegant—and sure to stand out among a sea of all-black booties.  Patent ankle boots pair perfectly with denim—whether you want to wear them with a midi skirt or pair of jeans.  Add a little shine with Vagabond's subtle patent boot that's not too shiny for daytime and pairs perfectly with denim.  Ankle boots and midi-length hemlines make for the perfect transitional outfit combo. When the temperatures drop, top your look off with a trench.  Score Tibi's bootie while it's still in on sale and then proceed to wear it with all your fall looks—from midi dresses to skinny jeans.  Transition your miniskirt to fall by wearing it with a pair of textured tights and boots.  High shine, rich texture, and the ideal walking heel: This luxe boot not only looks cool with a miniskirt, but just about everything else in your wardrobe too.   You can never go wrong with a pair of black leather ankle boots. The footwear staple goes perfect with trousers, denim, dresses, and more.   A budget-friendly pick that will become your go-to everyday boot this season.  Add a splash of color to an all-black ensemble with the help of some red-hot booties.  Stand out for all the right reasons in a patent boot that doubles as the perfect conversation starter.   Toughen up a sweaterdress with a pair of classic Doc Martens à la Bella Hadid.  One of the most classic combat styles, Doc Martens add a little edge to even the most feminine and girly of dresses.  Play with proportions by styling cropped flare denim with ankle-grazing boots and a duster-style jacket.  A statement-making shoe that'll instantly elevate every look—whether day or a night out.  Embrace the Working Girl look with a strong shouldered blazer, pencil skirt, and understated black leather ankle boots. A classic black ankle bootie truly never goes out of style. This Stuart Weitzman pick will last you for seasons to come. 
 A shoe subscription? A brand new wardrobe? Dear Santa...  'Tis the season, and we're starting to give much consideration to our holiday wishlists. If you're struggling on what to ask for, Net-a-Porter is encouraging us all to aim high. Today, the luxury e-tailer has launched their fantasy gifts, also known as the most luxurious fashion gifts to ever hit our list. If money is no object, consider adding one, or all, to your list for Santa.  First, there's the "It" girl wardrobe, for a cool $90,000, Net-a-Porter's retail fashion director Lisa Aiken will help you build your ultimate dream closet. You know that feathered Prada skirt you've been eyeing, plus a timeless Alaia dress, and maybe a new Tom Ford bag just for starters. You'll have access to the best of what the e-commerce site has to offer, plus dibs on next season pre-orders.  If you fancy yourself a shoe fanatic then the gift of shoes every week for a year might be more your speed. With the help of a personal shopper you can pick out a dream pair of shoes every week, ensuring you'll always be the envy of all your friends. The price tag? $41,177. Finally, for the bag lady in all of us, for just $54,256, you can get a new bag a month for an entire year whether it's the perfect party clutch or upgrading your office tote on a whim.  It will be impossible to have a bad holiday with any of these fabulous presents. You can buy the Net-a-Porter's fantasy gifts starting today. 
 The standout runway looks from the last leg of Fashion Month.  As the Spring 2018 collections debut at Paris Fashion Week, we're spotlighting the standout looks from the top runway shows of the week. Click through to see our favorites for the season from the City of Light.
 Viktor & Rolf debuted our entire 2019 mood board in couture form.  There was once a time when slogan t-shirts were enough to get all our feelings across. But if you've logged onto the internet at all in the year 2019, you know your little graphic tees aren't sufficiently expressing your rage anymore. It's time to go big with slogan couture instead.  Giving us the statement pieces we didn't know we needed, Viktor & Rolf debuted a collection of slogan gowns today at Paris Couture Week. With messages like "I'm not shy, I just don't like you," "Sorry I'm late, I didn't want to come," and "NO," the voluminous gowns are here to turn us all into the walking memes we aspire to be in the Year of Our Lord 2019.  How does one wear a slogan couture gown? Let us count all of the ways below...  For when you're walking into another meeting that could've been an email.    A walking mood board for the year 2019.  An ironic look for when you're begging every person within a 5-mile radius to take a good Instagram of you.  I'll take one in every color, please.  A romantic Valentine's Day dress you can wear year-round.   One of the collection's more versatile slogan gowns, wear it to your next protest, your ex's funeral, or when they tell you "guac is extra" in line at Chipotle.  For when your friends say, "it's just a casual get together, nothing fancy."  Perhaps someone will get inspired for their 2020 campaign slogan.  For when nobody's liking your Instagram.  The new "whatever, I'm getting cheese fries."   For when people ask you for dating advice.   A day-to-night dress for when you're scrolling through the news on your phone.   The three most romantic words in the English language.  And finally, an everyday lewk that works for every single occasion. 
 Edie Campbell has penned a powerful public letter addressing the ill treatment of fashion models and urging the industry to put an end to systematic abuse and negligence.  The model—who has starred in campaigns for Burberry, Marc Jacobs, and Louis Vuitton—voiced her frustration at how recent media coverage on the issue seems to only address abuse claims concerning Terry Richardson, when in reality it goes far beyond one man. In the wake of the Harvey Weinstein allegations, model Cameron Russell shared a number of horrifying stories that she’d heard about within the world of fashion. She used Instagram to share screenshots of messages sent to her by friends, colleagues and followers detailing the abuse they have received. “Since Cameron Russell enlisted the help of many fashion people to share the stories of sexual abuse she had been sent—anonymously—by other models, the conversation has only focused on Terry Richardson,” wrote Campbell in her letter published in WWD.“Media coverage has been frustratingly limited to Richardson. Broadsheet newspapers write clickbait articles that avoid the more nuanced and complex truth, which is this: the models that shared their stories with Cameron were not all talking about the same photographer.” She also addressed the harassment suffered by male models, whose voices, as yet, remain largely unheard and their stories untold by the press. “Abuse suffered by young men is more complex,” argues Campbell. “I would assume that it is more difficult for the victims to speak out: The language doesn’t exist, and the conversation is currently weighted heavily in support of young female victims. The shame felt is probably greater as there is a stigma involved.  “The abuse can be perceived as emasculating, and then there is the delicate subject of homophobia,” she continued. “The global conversation about sexual abuse has been (possibly rightly) focused on female victims. The statistics add up. But when you zoom in on the fashion industry, I would assume that the numbers are much more evenly split between male and female victims. Within fashion, the discussion then becomes less about toxic masculinity and patriarchy, and more about abuse of power.” While Campbell has no first-hand experience of the abuse detailed by her model peers, she does attempt to explain why it happens and why it’s tolerated by those who work within the industry. She highlights the lack of professional boundaries in fashion (“I undress in front of the people I work with, I travel with these people, I get drunk with them, they ask me who I’m shagging”); she notes how behaving like a diva is accepted, even celebrated and also makes the point that fashion hates “boring or uncool people.” “We operate within a culture that is too accepting of abuse, in all of its manifestations. This can be the ritual humiliation of models, belittling of assistants, power plays and screaming fits,” she said. “We have come to see this as simply a part of the job. Although we may not all, as individuals, have actively contributed to this culture, every time we turn a blind eye, our silence perpetuates that culture. Our inaction makes us complicit.” She goes on to talk about the perils of the “artist-genius” complex (an issue recently addressed in Darren Aronofsky’s divisive film, mother!), whereby influential, powerful creatives are “allowed to behave in any way you see fit, and you inspire total fear and devotion from your followers”.  “If you are creative, and if your work is good, you will be forgiven anything,” she says. “You are given carte blanche to express that creativity, whatever your means of expression may be. And if that creativity only flows after midnight, and if it only responds to semi-nude young men or women, then so be it.”  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 It's a cardi party and everyone's invited This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. The cardigan is a humble article of clothing—simple in design, varied in color and length—but it holds some strong associations. Most think of preppy ladies in pearls when the cardigan is mentioned, but any fashion girl worth her salt can turn it on its head and make it unmistakably "her." At its best the cardigan serves as a layering piece that can lend interest—and utility. See how five BAZAAR editors take on the cardi and style it for everything from work to weekend to date night, shot on location at NYC's The Surrey Hotel. Gilded buttons take a classic cardi to cool places... What’s your general opinion on classic cardigans? Every woman needs some form of a cardigan in her closet—they’re especially good for layering options when traveling.Are you here for them?When worn right, I think they can look really cool. Right now, I’m into a cropped cardigan that feels like something Cher Horowitz would wear. Bonus points if it has a matching skirt to go with.  What do they make you think of? Cardigans always make me think of Easter Sunday church attire and cold grandmas, which maybe is not the greatest combination but I’m always here for a fashion challenge. How did you style this one?I went for a cropped cardigan with gold clasps that felt a little more ‘90s and a little less school teacher.Where would you wear this outfit and why?I don’t think I’ll be hitting the clubs in my cardigan, but this is definitely an office look. A heavier cardi is still flattering when paired with high waisted trousers... What’s your general opinion on classic cardigans? I've actually been a little skeptical of the cardigan, those long, shapeless ones hurt their rep with me—but I came of age in the era of the twinset and there's no denying that when worn well (think skewed preppy) that look is straight cute. What do they make you think of? I go straight to '90s pastel hued Versace—such a good moment in fashion history.   Are you here for them? I am here officially here for the cardigan, especially this very cool Doen one. It's cozy, cool and makes me think of Jackie Kennedy at Hyannis—the life I would ultimately like to live.  How did you style this one? I kept the overall theme beachy by pairing it with a cropped shirt and linen Miguelina beach pants—I even threw on a head scarf for good measure. Give your cardi a sporty edge with varsity-inspired separates... What’s your general opinion on classic cardigans?Cardigans have always been a bit too preppy for my taste. Are you here for them now?I am if there’s a sport twist to them. It’s really all about how you style them.   What do they make you think of?Girls in pearls. How did you style this one?I love playing with masculine/feminine pieces in one outfit. My cardigan is varsity inspired, so I kept the look sporty and paired it with wide-leg trousers that had stripes on the side. But I also layered a lace bra under the cardigan for a flirty touch.  Where would you wear this outfit and why?  I think this look really works day to night so I’d wear this to work on a day I had an event afterwards. Use a cropped cardi and a fitted pencil skirt to show off a baby bump instead of hiding it... What’s your general opinion on classic cardigans? That they are a closet staple! While not always in high-fashion rotation, you need a selection of cardigans for weekend-wear, traveling, and covering up your shoulders in a pinch. Right now, the selection is way more fun and inspired, so I’m expanding my classic collection with a few statement ones. Are you here for them? Yes! Being pregnant is all about comfort and if I can make something cozy and stylish, I’m sold. What do they make you think of? A long one feels classic librarian, while a short cropped one (with high waisted jeans), is the epitome of casual '70s chic. How did you style this one? The cardi is open-weave which made it less structured, more drapey, so I paired it with a fitted black dress and super-high espadrilles to keep the silhouette lean overall. I added statement accessories like cat-eyes and my favorite gingham summer bag by Mansur Gavriel. Where would you wear this outfit and why? It’s truly a perfect work look for me, our offices are not too corporate, but the dress and heels keeps in a work-friendly zone. Wear your cardi buttoned-up as a top... What’s your general opinion on classic cardigans? Classic cardigans are exactly that–a classic–but I’ve always associated them with ladies who lunch, prim and proper housewives and uptown dressing. Are you here for them? I’m an uptown girl, but my style is a bit more of an uptown-meets-downtown hybrid and so I never really thought cardigans were for me. I am also a bit top heavy–I have a bigger bust–and so I’m always super conscious of sizing up whenever I wear tops that button up. With that said, I’m a ‘90s baby; I love Cher Horowitz and old-school Britney circa Oops I Did It Again. Anything with that subtle (or not so subtle) school girl vibe speaks to me for sure.  What do they make you think of? Pretty much everything I loved as a kid–cardis are nostalgic to me. Jackie O, Versace circa Gianni, Cher Horowitz, Britney Spears and the Spice Girls. How did you style this one? Rather than using the cardigan as a top layer or as a top itself, I used it as a shell for a short suit. I tied the bottom corners into a knot at my waist to create some waist definition, and opened up the neckline to show a little skin. I chose a proper tuxedo blazer and a silk skort (yes, a skort) to keep the look more formal, and chose a pointed toe blush pump with a statement heel to elongate my legs (I’m 5’3 and always trick people into thinking I’m taller with styling tricks!). 
 From the tech-obsessed to the foodies and beyond, what to buy every man this Father's Day. Avoid another year of tool boxes and gift cards by surprising the father figure in your life with something unexpected and unique this Father's Day. Whether you're browsing for your artsy father-in-law, your adventurous husband, or the dad who loves to grill and cook, we've found the best gifts for every dad. From the tech obsessed to the foodies and all that's in-between, the best gifts at every price point. You're welcome in advance.  For the guy who prefers a classic shave and an aesthetically pleasing display.  Everyone needs a hefty cup of perfectly brewed coffee in the morning, especially a hard working parent or partner. If he's always on the go or putting in long hours at the office, give him the noiseless sleep he deserves before a big day at work. Nothing screams class and sophistication like a cross-grain leather notebook set with featherweight pages. Whimsical, classic, and totally essential for every fancy father, this Tiffany's money clip will be the envy of every viewer. He works hard, he dresses well, and he's always on-time, making this sleek briefcase the ideal gift for any business man. Some like it baked—like dad, who enjoys a variety of curated, tasty snacks. Mouth offers up a new box of unique snacks every month.  This sturdy apron can stand up to the most strenuous kitchen tasks. Be prepared for a feast. Dear old dad can chop, julienne, and chiffonade to his hearts content with this sleek knife set. You'll never hear, "where do you want to eat?" again. Light, handmade pizza will be dad's new summer go-to, one you'll benefit from too. Add some chic to his sips with these hand-crafted, mouth-blown 24k glasses. Heat up this slab of salt and you can sear and season simultaneously. Stun your favorite drink connoisseur with a whisky that tastes better than your first 21-year-old sip.  A propane grill will save your father time and the mess from dealing with charcoal. When you wear headphones as often as he does, they should make a statement—and some noise. More portable than your standard keyboard, this projectable version lets him type on any flat surface. This energy efficient digital thermostat learns your habits to help minimize your electric bill. And, it looks really cool. With this built-in battery, you can hike, fish, game, stream and watch videos all day, no annoying cord necessary. This lightweight upgrade to the D3400 is Nikon’s most compact and DSLR to date. It offers enhanced battery life, bluetooth for easy sharing, and guide-mode for first time users.  This sleek stand/charger combo is ideal for keeping his devices within arm's reach and from falling onto his face in bed. Get a bird's eye view with this high-tech, sophisticated drone. Perfect for spying, or a little adventure. This cool gadget will help him wake up more peacefully. Dad can wear his mobile life right on his sleeve with this smartwatch in a sleek space gray color. Every style enthusiast will appreciate a tabletop book on dressing well starring the men who do it best. Encourage dad to donate that simple leather wallet for something a little more luxurious. The name of this rich, leathery cologne is for someone truly fabulous. What better way to show your appreciation than with luxe pajamas fit for a royal? It's both parts functional and elegant. This denim made of hemp gets even more comfy with age—and is made entirely sustainably. 
 These aren't your usual non-groundbreaking florals.  Moschino's Jeremy Scott is known to take the themes of his collections quite literally (in case you forgot, last season's models wore actual trash down the runways) and his show in Milan today was no exception. For Spring 2018, the designer was inspired by florals—and no, not the kind that would make Miranda Priestly scoff–but actual life-size flowers.  While the show started with a punk-twist on My Little Pony, the final 18 looks quickly flipped a switch, embracing blown-up flowers, butterflies, and nature in bloom. Taking the floral theme to new heights, Gigi Hadid and Kaia Gerber closed the show wearing matching bouquets of flowers—ribbons and all:  Gerber even had flowers growing out of her white over-the-knee boots, which seems like a logical way to make winter boots work for spring.  But those weren't the only flower-inspired looks. Joan Smalls walked the runway in a skirt made out of red roses:  While another model wore a callalily-shaped gown: And then this model just wore nothing but a shrub of flowers from head-to-toe: Guess this means we'll all be walking around dressed as human flowers next spring. 
 The documentary is due for release on July 20, 2018. The new trailer for McQueen, the long-awaited documentary about the late Alexander McQueen, has arrived, and it's simply stunning. Due for release in the US on July 20, 2018, the movie is directed by Ian Bonhôte and Peter Ettedgui,and  promises to explore every aspect of the influential designer's life. From interviews with the designer himself, to personal insights into McQueen's upbringing and artistic influences, the movie's latest trailer hints at the demons the artist struggled with. The film also promises to shed light on what many call the "genius" of McQueen's work, and the immense impact he had upon the fashion world. The trailer begins with a voice saying, "No one discovered Alexander McQueen. Alexander McQueen discovered himself." This is followed by footage of McQueen himself revealing, "I wasn't very good at school. I was always drawing clothes." As for the effect he wanted his fashion shows to have on the audience, the designer revealed that he aimed to have a visceral impact on his audience. He said, "I want you to feel repulsed or exhilarated." This behind-the-scenes footage, and the plethora of personal interviews with the designer himself, will give fans a unique look at the man responsible for some of fashion's most unforgettable moments. McQueen passed away on February 11, 2010, at the age of 40, due to suicide.  Incredibly accomplished throughout his career, he was the chief designer at Givenchy from 1996 to 2001. He then went on to found the Alexander McQueen label, which is still beloved by celebrities and members of the general public alike. 
 Five chic looks for you and your little one that will have you Insta-ready this spring. For all the fashion-forward moms out there—this is for you and your mini you. We rounded up the cutest looks from BAZAAR editor Kerry Pieri's ultra-chic Instagram for major mommy and me fashion inspo. From fresh florals to head-to-toe denim, we edited our favorite trends of the season with the best of ShopBAZAAR and styled a matching moment for your bebe with Melijoe.com's unrivaled and elevated kidswear offering.  The perfect blend between orange and brown (the hottest color of the season), this earthy palette is effortlessly chic with a splash of vibrancy and a playful flair.  Forte Forte belt, $130; Otiumberg earrings, $98; Ulla Johnson dress, $625; Saint Laurent sandal, $995; Mark Cross bag, $2,195; Clé de Peau Beauté makeup, $55 SHOP NOW  Ikks hat, $66; Catimini sweater, $100; Molo skirt, $70; Wolf & Rita swimsuit, $70; Reebok sneaker; $64; Bakker Made With Love overalls, $58 SHOP NOW Embrace the explorer spirit with safari-inspired colors, easy-to-wear shapes and functional accessories that don’t compromise style. House of Lafayette hat, $320; CVC Stones necklace, $3,280; Mara Hoffman dress, $525; Proenza Schouler sandals, $645; Cesta Collective bag, $395; Clarins sunscreen, $37 SHOP NOW Sonia Rykiel hat, $53; Molo dress, $70; Angel's Face hair clip, $6, Mayoral coat, $57; Aigle boots, $70; Belle Enfant sweater, $82; Monnalisa swimsuit, $163 SHOP NOW Head-to-toe denim is always a good idea, especially when there are so many cute options from our favorite brands designing miniature versions of our go-to styles.  Oliver Peoples sunglasses, $590; Dorothee Schumacher dress, $900; Rachel Comey shoes, $450; Loewe bag, $2,450; Bobbi Brown nail polish, $16; Lele Sadoughi earrings, $125 SHOP NOW  Monnalisa sunglasses, $78; Pepe Jeans jacket, $93; Belle Enfant playsuit, $84; Converse sneakers, $52; Il Gufo skirt, $116; Chloé top, $165 SHOP NOW There's no such thing as too much animal print for your fierce little one (and yourself). R13 top, $695; Bembien earrings, $45; Gucci belt, $480; R13 jeans, $390, Simon Miller sandal, $390; Staud bag, $325 SHOP NOW Sonia Rykiel top, $53; Dolce & Gabbana top, $595; Dolce & Gabbana belt, $245; Dolce & Gabbana leggings, $175; Mini Rodini dress, $53; Stella McCartney sneakers, $232; Kenzo leggings, $80 SHOP NOW Wherever your warm-weather escapes take your family, channel the charming countryside mood with romantic florals and delicate ruffles. Mara Hoffman top, $350; Lizzie Fortunato earrings, $230; Mara Hoffman dress, $595; Aquazzura sandal, $450; Bembien bag, $240; Tata Harper skincare, $89 SHOP NOW Lili Gaufret hat, $61; Cyrillus dress, $112; Chloé pants, $220; Les Ultraviolettes swimsuit, $45; Pom D'Api shoes, $96, Il Gufo bag, $173; Tartine Et Chocolat top, $88  SHOP NOW 
 Take all our money, Khaite...  With Rodarte and Altuzarra, fleeing New York Fashion Week for other far flung destinations, it's left a fashion fan girl sized hole in the calendar. Cate Holstein came to fill that last night for her runway debut for her line Khaite, which debuted in 2016 as a nod to old school American fashion. It was all class at the Brooklyn presentation last night, where guests were greeted with chilled Ketel martinis and a golden tree, lit from above. Holding onto the idea of true American style, the designer looked to, "historical flashpoints of American character and feminine identity." Think: a Western fringed jacket in suede,  a wrap coat with top stitch detail, there are classic plaids and bold shoulders, velvet statement tops and ball gowns. All of it came together, not so much effortlessly as elegantly. This is a girl who is thinking about what she's wearing, it's calculated, it's cool and it feels very New York. Just where she's needed most. 
 Prepare yourself for some major fashion inspiration. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Do you ever wonder how your favorite editors manage to look so effortlessly chic without finance salaries? Fortunately for you, in this episode of This Look Is Money we tapped three well-dressed editors who give us the stories (and price tags) behind their impeccable outfits for New York Fashion Week and beyond. Who are you wearing? How much did it cost? What favors are you calling in? Think: something old, something new, something borrowed, and something bought resale. Prepare yourself for some major fashion inspiration.   "I am a consignment queen," declares Angel Lenise, the lead video producer at ELLE.com. "I love luxury labels, I love quality products, but I don't always love to buy them full price."  Case in point: Her leopard print, pointed toe, high-heeled booties from Gianvito Rossi and green cargo pants by Monse are both from consignment website The RealReal. She's especially proud of the pants because she snagged them for 50 percent off. Lenise is also "obsessed" with Pyer Moss, a luxury streetwear label that is known for celebrating black culture and activism. (Founder Kerby Jean-Raymond was the winner of the 2018 CFDA Fashion Fund prize). Her black cropped hoodie that says "AS USA AS U" is part of the line's recent collaboration with Reebok. "I think it's awesome when fashion makes a statement," says Lenise.   She's also sporting a khaki puffer jacket from The Arrivals–"It's peak street style chic 101"–to stay cozy in the harsh New York City winter. Her gold-toned, cat-eyed sunglasses are from Jimmy Choo and she picked up her Jenny Bird hoop earrings from Intermix. "I was talking to the designer behind Seville Michelle, and I told her [that] her chokers are amazing, and she literally gave me this off her neck. I've worn it religiously ever since," says Lenise of her two-tone necklace. For Christmas, Lenise's husband gifted her a green suede mini bag from Jacquemus. "When he got it in the mail, he was going to send it back because he didn't realize it was supposed to be this tiny," Lenise says with a smile. She appreciates that she can rock the bag as a crossbody, fanny pack style across her waist, or carry it as a handle bag.  One splurge (and form of self-expression) Lenise will never give up is her monthly $140 manicure at Vanity Projects nail salon in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan. Outfit Total: $2525   Next up is Olivia Fleming, BAZAAR.com's senior features editor and designer behind fine-jewelry brand Olivia Kane. The New Zealand-born and NYC-based editor picked up her multicolor (and reversible) floral skirt at a flea market in Portland. In the winter she wears the darker side that has mini yellow, blue, and orange blooms throughout. While in the Spring she wears it on the turquoise side with larger pink flowers.  She cinches her waist with a brown, leather belt from Australian fashion designer Lisa Ho. "I wear a lot of high-waisted things. So I pair it with everything from skirts, jeans, and shorts," she says of her accessory staple for the last ten years.   Fleming's charcoal, knee-high, suede boots with a tortoiseshell heel are from Sarah Flint. "They're $695, so they're a little pricey, but I love them. They're worth every penny. They're like leg warmers in freezing New York City," she says. Her chain-link shoulder bag is from British brand Love Or Nothing Baby (LONB), and is available at Barneys. "I wear a lot of dark colors in the winter time, so I love this ivory-bone handbag because it's a pop of fresh color in the winter," she adds.  Fleming accessorized her look with a chain necklace with a lion medallion from an antique shop in Hudson, New York. She wears her own stunning rings, which she makes for her jewelry brand, Olivia Kane.  Outfit Total: $5995   Closing out this episode of This Look is Money is Erica Gonzales, BAZAAR.com's assistant editor and resident Game of Thrones aficionado. Gonzales is rocking a moss green, belted jumpsuit from & Other Stories that she picked up during a 50 percent off sale ($75). Her tweed coat from Sisely previously belonged to her aunt, and when Gonzales inherited the piece, she tailored it a bit to flatter her figure.  "My [quilted leather] bag is vintage Lanvin, and it used to be my mother's. She got it in college from her aunt," she says of her family heirloom. "It's very precious. It's essentially priceless." She elevated her laidback-yet-cool look with a pair of attention-grabbing white, leather mules with a metallic heel from Australian brand Senso.  Another Aussie designer Gonzales is rocking her black, oval-shaped, metallic frame sunglasses are from Quay. Her pair sunnies are from the company's collaboration with Lovers and Friends.  Gonzales's delicate, 18-carat gold hoop earrings are from Missoma, a brand inspired by crystals and gemstones. "And finally, I have this little hairclip; it was probably about six dollars in a set of four," she says of her affordable beauty find. "It's a really nice callback to one of my favorite middle school hairstyles when I just wear my hair down the center with two little clips down the side." Outfit Total: $921 Watch the rest of the video above to see all the pieces Angel, Olivia, and Erica are wearing and add them to your cart. Don't forget to subscribe to BAZAAR's Youtube channel so you never miss an episode of This Looks is Money, Go To Bed With Me, Little Black Book, Heel Hunters, and Food Diaries.
 Ireland opens up to HarpersBAZAAR.com about the scary incident. Kathy Ireland has worked in the modeling industry for over four decades, and in light of the #MeToo and Time's Up movements, she is opening up about the time she got physical with a photographer who "crossed the line" at a photoshoot. "When I was 17, I punched a photographer before walking off the set," Ireland exclusively tells Harper's BAZAAR at the American Heart Association's Go Red for Women event in New York Thursday. "I’m not a violent person, but somebody crosses that boundary with you, the rules of politeness go out the window. He crossed the line with me." The 54-year-old supermodel-turned-mogul, best known for appearing on 13 consecutive Sports Illustrated swimsuit issues, says the unnamed photographer tried to force her to wear an outfit she did not want to wear. "He was trying to get me to wear something that I wasn’t comfortable wearing," she explains. "I said, 'No, no thank you.' Then I said no [again]. And he was insistent, and he got in my personal space and got too close." Ireland says the incident occurred in France, and did not reveal whether the photographer is currently still working the industry. At the time, the underage model immediately told people involved in the shoot what had occurred, but according to Ireland, they did nothing. "I reported him and the question was ‘Well, what do you want us to do about it?'" she tells BAZAAR. "I said, ‘Get him away from all the other girls. I don’t want another girl to be hurt by him. I got away, but someone else might not be so fortunate.'"  "I don’t think [those people] cared, honestly," she adds. "They heard me. I believe they believed me, but I don’t think they really cared."  Ireland says the modeling industry's job description back then was "shut up and pose." "I reject that today," she says. "We’ve got to speak out and make sure that our voices are heard."  The mother of three, who is an advocate against child slavery and human trafficking, wants victims to continue to speak out.  You can't be casual about Human Trafficking @ywca_gla #ConversationsInACafe @JanetJackson @flytetymejam pic.twitter.com/YzOjZxcxbC "It’s heartbreaking to know that there are so many women and men who have been abused and their voices have not been heard," she says. "No job is that important. I encourage people to come forward and speak out." When asked about Kate Upton's recent accusations against Guess co-founder Paul Marciano, Ireland says, "I love Kate Upton and my heart goes out to her."
 The luxury online shopping destination wants you to add some "traditionally offline" brands to your cart. Net-A-Porter, your go-to online shopping destination for pretty much everything, is now making high-brow gifting and super splurges that much easier–as though their selection wasn't dreamy enough already. The e-tailer announced today that it will be launching a new global online flagship for prestige watch and jewelry brands–think Cartier, Jaeger-LeCoultre, Boucheron, Chopard, Buccelatti, Piaget and more.  Dubbed The Fine Jewelry & Watch Suite, the site is hoping to bring "traditionally offline" brands online, by making some of the most coveted, fine and curated pieces on Earth available for you to add to your cart with the click of a mouse.  Jaeger-LeCoultre "Reverso One Duetto Moon" rose gold and diamond watch, $37,000, net-a-porter.com BUY  Chopard "Happy Dreams 36" satin, rose gold, diamond and mother of pearl watch, $47,200, net-a-porter.com BUY "Jewelry is one of our fastest growing categories," says Elizabeth von der Goltz, Net-A-Porter's Global Buying Director. "I think it complements our fashion offering incredibly well. The Net-A-Porter customer not only trusts our curation, but also our handling and guarantee behind the product. This established relationship with our customers, puts us in a unique position to sell hard luxury online. Our aim is to create the online destination for curated fine jewelry and watches."   In addition to product, the suite will offer customers access to a team of personal shoppers and trained sales associates, to ensure that the service parallels that of an in-store experience.  Amrapali gold, silver, emerald and diamond earrings, $25,995, net-a-porter.com BUY  Larkspur & Hawk "Cora Rivière" multi-stone necklace, $9,000, net-a-porter.com BUY Worried that you can't take the plunge and buy fine jewelry online? The site is launching a "Try Before You Buy" service along with secure pick up and drop off (with same-day delivery in London, New York and Hong Kong), and 24-hour, 7 days a week, 365 days a year customer service, making clicking-to-buy that much more tempting. Looking to buy a diamond pair of earrings on Christmas? Easy. Looking to speak to someone well-versed in watches about which piece to buy a special someone? Done and done.  Alongside these new service offerings, Net-A-Porter plans to produce original and educational content, to teach customers how to choose, care and handle their new fine pieces.  So remember that time that you claimed high-end jewelry and watches were too precious to buy online? Now what's your excuse? SHOP NOW 
 See where the supermodel-in-the-making strutted for her first season.  Just days after turning 16, Kaia Gerber made her highly-anticipated runway debut at Calvin Klein's Spring 2018 during New York Fashion Week. Two days later, she opened the show at Alexander Wang with a fiery walk, proving that she's inherited mom Cindy Crawford's supermodel genes in more ways than one. From Calvin to Wang, and even Rihanna's Fenty x Puma show, the teenager is off to a running start for her first Fashion Month. Watch this space as we track Kaia's journey taking on the runways in New York, London, Milan, and Paris this season.
 Spend quality time with statement pieces and stones in every color of the rainbow.  From statement necklaces in shades of blue, to dazzling hair pieces that lend eye-catching appeal, spend quality time with statement pieces and stones in every color of the rainbow.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: For sophisticated nude nails, try OPI Nail Lacquer in Act Your Beige! ($10) Lanvin dress, $1,590, lanvin.com. Tiffany & Co. clip (in hair), price upon request, tiffany.com. David Webb earrings, $53,000, and necklace, $212,000, davidwebb.com. JB Star ring (left) $309,990, wempe.com. Van Cleef & Arpels ring (right) price upon request, vancleefarpels.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Keep an elegant chignon in place with Nexxus Frizz Defy Finishing Mist ($13). Bordelle kimono, $632, bordelle.co.uk. Cartier bracelet, $196,000 (worn in hair) and vintage necklace-and-earrings set, price upon request, cartier.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Sally Hansen Miracle Gel in Plush Blush gives you a long-lasting, high-shine manicure ($10) La Perla robe, $1,050, laperla.com. Piaget brooch (in hair) $212,000, earrings, $515,000, necklace, $212,000 and ring, $117,000, piaget.com.  Model: Pania Rose; Hair: Joey George for John Masters Organics; Makeup: Justine Purdue for M.A.C.; Manicure: Honey for Londontown. 
 Bella Hadid and Kaia Gerber also hit the Menswear runway. Milan Fashion Week for Menswear is in full swing, but that hasn't stopped several famous women from hitting the runway for some of your favorite designers. Per Footwear News, Versace's Milan Fashion Week Men's runway also featured a slew of famous female models, all of whom epically stole the spotlight. Firstly, Emily Ratajkowski stunned in a silky, lace-trimmed camisole-like minidress, which was accessorized with a super long, and extremely tight, ponytail, which had more moves than all of us put together: Seriously, look at how slick Ratajkowski's ponytail is on the runway. It's clearly a meme-in-waiting: I am in serious AWE, and will never achieve such hair greatness: The actress and model also shared a photo from her Versace fitting, which gives a much closer look at her iconic gold accessories: Fitting headshots @Versace pic.twitter.com/DxsYp8tPKd Ratajkowski was joined on the runway by Bella Hadid and Kaia Gerber. Hadid rocked an intricately embellished black puffer jacket, with a cut-out minidress, a bejeweled harness, and chunky black boots with white socks: Meanwhile, Gerber's dramatic look combined several conflicting patterns, along with a sleek black leather skirt and a pair of white strappy sandals:  Model Imaan Hammam also took to the runway for Versace, and was thrilled to be included in the line-up:  Thank u again🖤🖤 love @versace @donatella_versace @guidopalau @patmcgrathreal @pg_dmcasting A post shared by  Imaan Hammam (@imaanhammam) on Jan 12, 2019 at 3:02pm PST Donatella Versace even posted about the inclusion of women on the Menswear runway, writing on Instagram, "I couldn’t resist letting you all know who’ll be on the runway today! #bellahadid":  I couldn’t resist letting you all know who’ll be on the runway today! #bellahadid A post shared by  Donatella Versace (@donatella_versace) on Jan 12, 2019 at 7:45am PST SUBSCRIBE
 The collaboration officially drops on November 7th.  Giambattista Valli is all about making an entrance, whether it's gowns in eye-catching prints, or a mini dress with an unforgettable train. So, it's no surprise that to debut his collaboration with H&M, he tapped Kendall Jenner, Chiara Ferragni, and H.E.R. to show off dresses from his limited-edition drop at the epic amfAR gala during Cannes Film Festival. But that was really just a small taste of what was to come. The full Giambattista Valli x H&M collection will finally be available on November 7th. The Italian designer weaves his signature romantic, luxe bohemian styles into pieces tthat won't break the bank—and are perfect for this upcoming holiday's party circuits.  Below, we chatted with the designer about his process in creating the affordable collection, plus see all the women's looks from the lookbook.  I was very humbled when H&M approached me. I don't think that H&M knocks on the door of every designer– but they came to mine and it is an exciting moment for the Maison. Besides the honor of being asked and being in excellent company with past designers, I was extremely happy that this collaboration would allow me to share my love for beauty with an even broader audience and make the biggest number of people happy wearing my creations for special moments in their lives. I love creating beautiful, extraordinary pieces for the Valli Boys and Girls around the world and I am excited at the idea that they will be able to afford and collect something so unique, with the distinct silhouette that defines the DNA of my brand. The design process was certainly very different —with H&M being so industrial, the fabrics and the techniques have been adapted to a lower price point. I see this collaboration more of another chapter than a 'best of' in the history of Giambattista Valli, with the collection being adapted to embrace the H&M customer while still conveying the spirit of Giambattista Valli and remaining 100% honest when it comes to the shapes, silhouettes and attitude.  From conception to execution was in no way different from when I sit down at my desk with a blank piece of paper in front of me: after that moment of introspection, I start sketching. What comes after is just about careful selection to use the best ingredients to make what I had imagined turn into reality. This time was no different with the exception that I knew I would have the H&M customer joining my other clients. What I was adamant about it that like any of my collections the whole collaboration had to be executed with perfection in mind and the details of each piece is proven in the results. The collaboration was great way to understand how the Maison Giambattista Valli is perceived. It was a challenge to create and deliver the universe of Giambattista Valli on such a large scale but now seeing the amazing reaction to the first limited-edition drop, with people around the world sharing their beautiful moments in life wearing Giambattista Valli x H&M looks, and considering the reach of the collaboration announcement on social media exceeding more than half a billion people, it surprised me as much as it made me happiest to bring the Valli dream to a larger group of friends through this collaboration. I love every single piece of the collection, to me they feel like unique collector pieces rather than throw-away garments produced based on trends. They are timeless and meant to be kept in one’s wardrobe, to mix and match to the customer’s personal style, embracing their personality, which is also an approach in line with a very important concept that all of us in the industry should embrace :sustainability. I truly treasure the span of offering and the variety of pieces from this collection : from street and daywear to evening and party looks, customers can enjoy the world of Giambattista Valli. I am also very proud of having approached menswear for the first time with this collaboration, although I always design for characters, regardless of their gender. Freedom of expression is the ultimate luxury, not the value of the price tag ! Ideas come from my muse, which is my curiosity, my travels and my culture, which is stored inside of me, inside the archives of my own mind. They are there and I visit them to pick up whatever inspires the moment I am living in. It has been a constant progress of evolution. It is important to translate my vision of contemporanity through a narrative, I never forget when I create that there is always someone— a friend, a client, amuse, someone I notice in my wandering — who will be the final recipient of this piece and its original ideas being my creation. That is something that never happens to me, on the contrary, I’m someone with too many ideas. The most interesting moment in my process is when I find myself in front of a blank piece of paper and start to sketch, in the beginning of every collection; it is then that I entangle, tidy up and pick from the many references in my mind to create a narrative.  Although I love to travel and discover new cultures and countries and continue to do so every time I can, the ultimate luxury in today’s world to me is privacy, so I share and cherish these special moments each summer with my family and closest friends in Italy. My happy times.
 The designer teamed up with Trojan for a cheeky capsule collection.  In honor of Pride Month, Alexander Wang is teaming up with Trojan Condoms for a "Protect Your Wang" capsule collection benefitting the LGBT Center of New York. The limited-edition collection includes a hat, t-shirt, bandana, and socks—all of which are emblazoned with the message "Protect Your Wang." Serving as the pièce de résistance of the collaboration, however, are the Alexander Wang-branded condoms (because how have we made it this far without cheeky designer condoms in our lives?). A free Wang condom will come with every item purchased from the collection, but the designer himself (along with the #WangSquad) will also be handing them out on Sunday, June 24 at the New York City Pride March. As part of the collab, Wang additionally created a Protect Your Wang parade float that will be at this year's march.  “Pride has always been one of my favorite moments of the year, and it’s even more amazing when you can engage with your friends and fans to share an important message that promotes wellness within the LGBTQ community. Partnering with Trojan to bring the ‘Protect Your Wang' collection to life has been an inspiring way to create products that have further purpose in supporting initiatives we are both passionate about," Alexander Wang said in a statement from the brand.  Alexander Wang x Trojan Condoms socks, $45, SHOP NOW A portion of all proceeds from the collection will go towards the LGBT Center's sexual health and education programs.    Alexander Wang x Trojan Condoms t-shirt, $125, SHOP NOW The Protect Your Wang collection is now available to shop on Alexander Wang's Instagram, at the brand's SoHo flagship store, and online at alexanderwang.com.    In an ongoing commitment to supporting the LGBTQ+ community, Alexander Wang and Trojan Condoms have partnered on a limited-edition “Protect Your Wang” capsule collection highlighting the importance of inclusive sexual health and education, launching June 18th. #ProtectYourWang #TrojanCondoms A post shared by  alexanderwang (@alexanderwangny) on Jun 14, 2018 at 9:00am PDT You can join alongside Wang's squad at the New York City Pride March this Sunday, June 24, 2018 at 12:00 PM (EST) from the West Village at 16th St. and 7th Ave. 
 Seriously, all 100. Heaven on earth finally has an address: 611 5th Avenue, New York City. That's the location of Saks Fifth Avenue’s recently renovated main floor—and a paradise for all handbag aficionados. Of course, paradise is nothing without loved ones; the renovation includes the arrival of a huge collection of limited-edition luxury bags (also available at Saks.com). And the gang is all here: a Balenciaga top handle, a Prada Cahier crossbody, and other major handbags that made fashion history now call the store home. Each is just as iconic as ever, but a bit different. And a little more... exclusive.   “We have 100 handbags from the top fashion houses that you won't find anywhere else,” says Roopal Patel, Fashion Director of Saks Fifth Avenue. “The main floor of Saks has been completely transformed into the most iconic handbag destination in NYC.”  Each of those 100 new bags is an updated take on a classic. "We asked designers to riff on their favorite handbag styles and reimagine them for today,” explains Patel.  SEE THE PRICE  SEE THE PRICE SEE THE PRICE SEE THE PRICE For example, the Christian Louboutin Paloma bag still features the same structural design and the brand’s signature red lining, but this latest iteration gets an embellished facelift with a sweet floral motif. The Givenchy GV3 Crossbody Bag remains distinguishable—with its magnetic double G clasp and golden chain—but far from flashy in a specially-designed-for-Saks two-tone colorway.  “It was really interesting to learn about the background and history surrounding some of these iconic shapes,” she adds. “Everyone was so excited to be part of this special moment at Saks.” SEE THE PRICE SEE THE PRICE SEE THE PRICE SEE THE PRICE The new floor is a mix of the top luxury designers—like Fendi, Stella McCartney, and Valentino Garavani—and contemporary American brands, like Staud and Susan Alexandra. The latter, known for her acrylic beaded carryalls, now offers a delectable pretzel design—replacing any gluten guilt with pure fashion fun. SEE THE PRICE SEE THE PRICE SEE THE PRICE SEE THE PRICE After all, it's a celebration of Saks’ grand renovation. Goodies come in all shapes and sizes—beyond the handbag dimensions. “The space offers something new every visit, from artist takeovers to pop-up installations,” says Patel. “There's also a multitude of onsite options to personalize your bag, including live hand-painting and monogramming.” See? Must be heaven.
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttp’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 The British fashion house stopped using fur last year. Burberry has pledged to eliminate plastic by 2025, according to a report published by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation—an organization designed to help fashion brands transition to a circular economy. In October 2018, the luxury label joined the likes of Stella McCartney and H&M in signing the New Plastics Economy Global Commitment which aims to reduce global fashion waste. One of the biggest goals of the project is to ensure all packaging used by leading fashion businesses is recyclable by 2025—a pledge which Burberry has already acted upon. According to the newly-released report, the fashion giant will ensure that all of its future plastic packaging is either reusable, recyclable, or compostable.   By the end of 2019, Burberry also plans to give shoppers the opportunity to recycle their unwanted hangers in a take-back scheme.  The British company has already swapped plastic lamination on its retail bags and poly bags for garment covers, a move which has apparently reduced the use of 29 tons of plastic. And that's not at all, as Burberry—led by chief creative officer Riccardo Tisci—has also joined forces with Renewable Energy 100, a global initiative made up of more than 100 businesses committed to renewable energy consumption. The brand's latest announcement further demonstrates Burberry's commitment to a more sustainable future, as the company banned fur and the burning of unsold goods back in September 2018.  Last year, the luxury fashion house graced the headlines after famously torching clothing, accessories and perfume worth £28.6 million in a bid to protect the brand from counterfeiters. After widespread criticism, Burberry pledged to reuse, upcycle, donate or recycle all unsaleable products in the future. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 From $200,000 dresses to caviar in your dressing room, Christine Chiu gives BAZAAR.com a rare glimpse into the extravagant world of women who jostle with celebrities—and each other—to buy Haute Couture. As I enter the Dior headquarters on an unusually hot Paris morning, the first thing I notice is several private pastry chefs baking fresh croissants and tarte tatins. Outside, tables are set with Dior homewares, a make-your-own flower bouquet booth (peonies! dahlias! cherry blossoms!), next to an elaborate set-up for a portrait photo shoot. Everyone waltzing around the pristine maison is dressed in head-to-toe Dior.  I’m following behind Christine Chiu, a multi-hyphenate Los Angeles dweller who splits her attention between Beverly Hills Plastic Surgery (the practice she founded with her husband, Dr. Gabriel Chiu), philanthropy, and an ambitious social life. Her Dior sales rep from Beverly Hills, who is leading the way, notes that a private room has been booked for the next 90 minutes. But Christine will need to complete her purchase in 30 minutes or less. The Chanel show is only two hours away, and she’ll need to go back to the hotel to change. She already has an idea of the Dior looks that she wants—the full lace catsuit (look 6), a strapless gown with leather fringe skirt (look 9), and a couple of lace dresses (looks 35 and 44)—but first we’re led downstairs to see Dior’s high jewelry collection, an organized-by-color spectacle of emeralds, rubies, sapphires, and diamonds. The dark room amplifies the spotlights on each jewelry podium: Everything sparkles in their velvet trays, with several silver star stickers identifying the dozens of pieces that have already been spoken for. Christine selects four pieces to try on, two rings and two pairs of earrings, with prices ranging from €160,000 to €200,000 per piece. We’re quickly led to the room that houses all 65 Christian Dior Haute Couture looks from the Fall 2019 show that debuted just a day earlier. I hear prices being called out from the fitting room. They range up to €200,000. The buying of Haute Couture is now a competitive sport, according to Christine, with each fashion house enforcing strict rules (which vary depending on designer) around how they sell their Haute Couture pieces. Some will only sell one dress per country or per territory—meaning as soon as a designer takes their bow at the end of the show, Christine is already texting the brand's sales rep about the looks she wants for the season. If she's not fast enough and a look has already been snapped up by a U.S. client that Christine had set her sights on, she’ll offer to buy as a Taiwanese client (she also has a home there), and promises the brand she’ll only wear it for events in her native country.  However, when it comes to Hollywood, A-listers always get first dibs—even if they're not technically buying it. When Celine Dion planned to wear the same couture dress as Christine to the Alexandre Vauthier show, the brand alerted Christine and asked her to wear something else to avoid a faux pas. Demi Moore was also the first person to debut a tuxedo-inspired Chanel Haute Couture gown that Christine had already purchased, in the October 2019 issue of Harper's Bazaar. "For red carpet appearances the brand will always give us a heads up," Christine explains, but that may not always be the case for editorial placements.  At Dior, look 65 catches her eye. It’s not your average couture gown—it’s a box shaped as a castle, the final look from the show. “Is that for sale? How much for that? I want it!” Christine asks with excitement. The Dior sales rep will be in touch. Christine is tiny enough to fit into the runway samples with ample room, but a seamstress is on hand to ensure each measurement is just right, and after 30 minutes—and a projected six-figure price tag—we head back to the iconic Plaza Athenee Hotel, one of the most luxurious and undoubtedly the most expensive places to rest your head in Paris, to get ready for Chanel. This entails a brand new outfit, new hair, and makeup. On the first day of the Haute Couture shows, I meet Christine at her hotel as soon as she touches down in Paris. Her room, the presidential suite, isn't ready for her yet, and her Valentino fitting is looming. Still dressed in her clothes from the flight—citron floral silk pajama pants and a matching floor-length robe—she is teetering on platforms with a full face of makeup, lashes included, as she takes a minute to deliberate what to do with the small Louis Vuitton monogram suitcase at her feet. “It’s filled with all my jewelry,” she tells me. She’s afraid of it being stolen.  Over the next few days, it’s evident that security is constantly on Christine’s mind. “What if someone bombs the shows? Could you imagine? A lot of them don’t have high security,” she says anxiously on our first day together. This is not a woman who travels light, or cheaply, so she often double books her own airport assistance to get through customs, and her own car service—even if a brand also offers to book one for her. During lunch at Caviar Kaspia with Piaget, Christine and her close friends recall a recent robbery of an acquaintance at a private airport in Paris. “It was an inside job,” one of them reveals, as they look at each other nervously, wondering who could be next.  Personal security isn’t the only thing on Christine’s mind. She’s also anxious about her wardrobe options for the shows this season. “Haute Couture is like a project you work on year-long,” she explains. “You have a million fittings to get these pieces exactly as you want them and then you debut them at the show.” Such is not the case this week, as she missed the last year of shows due to her pregnancy and birth of her first son, Gabriel, or “Baby G” as she often calls him. Several fashion houses offered to create pregnancy couture for her, but she only accepted one offer from Armani Prive, which hosted her Malibu baby shower. “I know it sounds superficial,” she admits about her worries over her fashion week outfit choices. But Christine, a major player in the high stakes game of Haute Couture, is used to wearing clothes that no one in the same country—or maybe even continent—could ever wear.  Armani has really invested in me and our relationship, so I spend a lot of money with them. Back in Paris, Christine still needs something to wear for the Valentino show, so we head to the atelier to look at samples. “Where is Dr. Chiu?” Valentino’s sales rep asks after greeting us. Dr. Gabriel Chiu, who usually accompanies his wife on these lavish trips, decided to skip out and stay at home with Baby G this week. Now I’m Christine’s plus one. We're quickly led into a private room, where a rack already set up with clothing options awaits: Three  dresses, plus a blouse and pant look from the Fall 2018 Haute Couture collection, hang pristinely. The Valentino rep also pulls runway photos of each look so Christine can see how they looked on models walking the show. Christine turns to me for my opinion, and I’m not afraid to share it—I am a fashion editor after all—and I hone in on the standout teal silk gown with a gold neck adornment that also comes with a red taffeta jacket (look 58). After the seamstress and everyone else in the room gushes over this choice, Christine decides it’s not even worth trying on the other pieces. Considering the price tag, she is surprisingly decisive. The seamstress immediately gets to work pinning the dress for its shorter hem, noting there’s not much time for major alterations. Like a true fashion fan, Christine inquires about the inspiration and meaning behind the gown she’s about to purchase. The Valentino rep shares that the dress is inspired by Picasso. Christine hands over her credit card for the dress she will wear to the Valentino show in two days; although it’s a runway sample, it’s still Haute Couture, so there’s only a small discount. When I ask Christine if she has a budget for the week, she doesn’t hesitate before replying, “No, but I have to pace myself”.  Back in the car, she gives me the rundown on what she’s been up to lately. There was the “Once Upon a Time” premiere at Cannes, the amfAR Gala, not to mention she and her husband just finished building The Prince’s Foundation Chiu Integrated Health Programme, a health and wellness center in Scotland with Prince Charles. They even named a wing after their only son. Baby G’s first birthday party in June also resulted in a million-dollar donation to the Cayton Children’s Museum in Los Angeles. And last but not least, Christine is about to start filming tomorrow for an unscripted Crazy Rich Asians-inspired show, which she is also producing. For our busy week ahead, Christine is most excited for the Armani Prive and Alexandre Vauthier shows. “Armani has really invested in me and our relationship, so I spend a lot of money with them,” she reveals. “They’ve worked to cultivate the relationship.” It’s clear that the houses that go above and beyond for her are the ones she feels inclined to spend more money on. As for Vauthier, “his designs are young and sexy, they’re most in-line with my personal style. I like to look sexy,” she says.   The following day is a busy one; there are four major shows and I attend most of them as an editor, but coordinate to meet up with Christine after the last show of the day: Givenchy. She was feeling a little concerned about timing for the evening; she had the Armani Prive client show at 7 p.m. with a private dinner following, and Givenchy at 8 p.m. She felt it would be rude to show up so late because fashion houses, she says, have certain expectations of their clients. However, she couldn’t not go to Givenchy, so she did what any smart fashionista would do: Changed in the car from her Givenchy look back into her Armani look for the dinner to maximize time. It suddenly occurred to me that I was extremely underdressed for dinner. I hadn’t had a moment to get back to my hotel to change all day and was dressed in a yellow floral sundress, while Christine was in couture.  “Why don’t you try on my Givenchy gown?” she casually suggests. Though I knew there was no way it would fit, I appreciated that she was generous enough to offer such a special dress to me. When I arrived at the dinner, wearing a little black dress that could pass as appropriate for a dinner with Giorgio Armani, I passed tables seating the likes of Nicole Kidman and husband Keith Urban, and Aleksander Skarsgard, until I found Christine next to a marketing executive at Giorgio Armani. The two had never met before, but he is very aware of exactly who Christine is: The brand hosted an elaborate baby shower for her last year at Soho House's new Malibu location.   The following day, I meet Christine (and her TV camera crew) after Jean Paul Gaultier. The clothes were bold and full of fantasy—absolute eye candy—and the booming early ‘90s dance music made it feel like a party (or maybe that was the champagne and Magnum ice cream bars they handed out beforehand). I couldn’t wait to get her opinion. During each show, I often found myself trying to pick out the pieces that I thought she would like. For Gaultier, it'd be look 15 or look 19, for an après ski scenario, or look 53 for her next engagement at Buckingham Palace. “Well, leopard is my neutrals so I loved it,” she tells me reflecting on the show while we’re stuck in traffic. “Normally I wouldn’t wear the same dress twice, I still have so much couture I haven’t worn yet!” she says referring to her current Grecian-inspired mini dress by Jean Paul Gaultier. “But I did wear this dress for the Oscars afterparties this year.”  Where does she actually keep all of these clothes? “Well, our Beverly Hills home used to belong to Kimora Lee Simons,” she says by way of explanation. “We ripped the whole house down and redid it, but I kept the bones of her closet. It spans the entire length of the house. In my old house, there were little rooms inside my closet that were temperature and humidity-controlled to make sure it was the best environment for my clothes,” she adds. However the brands also take responsibility for helping her keep her couture in pristine shape. “Most of the houses will take back your pieces after you’ve worn them and restore it for you, if you got a stain on it or an embellishment has fallen off. It’s like a little spa treatment.”  And how does a couture client like Christine Chiu make a decision on what to add to her already overflowing wardrobe? “Sometimes like with the Armani show, when there’s so many looks that I love, the first process of elimination is if it overlaps with any other pieces I’m potentially buying. Then it’s the price. If it’s an insane price (like a seven-figure range), I consider whether I would rather get three dresses or one spectacular dress.” Christine also considers the craftsmanship of her purchases. “I think about how much the material costs, how hard it is to make, the effort that has gone into it. Everyone has their own evaluation,” she explains. “Sometimes there’s no logical reason behind it, you just fall in love and the price doesn’t matter.”  You just fall in love and the price doesn’t matter. The next day we’re off to Rome for the final Haute Couture show of the week: Fendi, a true spectacle, staged at the Temple of Venus, which the fashion house is making a pledge to restore. About 600 friends and fans of the brand were present, with a perfect view of the Coliseum to see Silvia Venturini Fendi's first solo couture collection since the passing of Karl Lagerfeld. Christine’s Fendi sales rep meets us as soon as we arrive to escort us up to her seat. The invitation made note that guests should wear “sensible” shoes, so although Christine is dressed up in a body-hugging fur cocktail dress and matching platform stilettos, she is also toting around white leather Hermes sandals. When the show is over, the Fendi sales rep finds us again to put us in a golf-cart, which takes us to an equally stunning dinner location nearby. After dinner, dessert, and a performance by Lion Babe, we’re ready to call it a night—two handsome suit-clad escorts help us down the dark, rocky hill to get into her private car.  At the Fendi fitting the following afternoon, I’m excited to see what Christine will order after seeing the ‘70s-inspired collection.  “I want to get pieces that when you look at them, you’re like ‘Oh, that was the one standout look from that show,’” she notes. Christine likens her Haute Couture purchases to collecting art, although she says her husband has suggested she focus more of their funds on high jewelry—since jewelry typically holds its value. Christine, who has been a couture client for nearly a decade, often reminisces on the earlier days of Haute Couture shopping. “There was a romance about it,” she says as she describes the more “civilized” days. “You didn’t feel like you were competing against anyone else. The designers would be present during your buy, they would share their favorite pieces, or recommend what look you should buy. I loved being able to get into the head of the designer, his journey, and understanding how the collection was a manifestation of that journey,” she explains. “They’d give you a folder of sketches from the collection, and you were presented with swatches of fabric they used that season. I really miss that side of Haute Couture. Honestly, you end up buying more, you appreciate it beyond just the face value, beyond the prettiness...” Sometimes designers would even take the clients to lunch. The feeling of being courted by a brand and bonding with the designer is what Christine really misses. But despite the lack of romancing, she says she still feels obligated to buy each season, for every show that she attends, even if she’s not really feeling the collection.  At the Fendi headquarters, we’re immersed in the “Dawn of Romanity,” the name of the collection and exhibition that will run for the next two weeks in Rome. There’s stations set up with multiple artisans working on pieces similar to what we viewed on the runway: From a table of exotic skins to make the Fendi Peekaboo bags to a hand-embroiderer sewing tiny tulle flowers onto a dress nearby. There’s another station that would send any animal rights activist into a tailspin: A table of furs for the house’s statement coats. (It’s the brand’s signature, so don’t expect any announcements about them going fur-free.) First, Christine goes through the couture clutches ranging from marble-print enamel to fur-covered, before making her way through the clothing. She has her eye on a floor-length fur coat, “but where would I wear it?” she asks, genuinely curious. After all, she is a California resident, which has strict rules about fur.   
 The Fendi sales rep takes pictures of everything that catches her eye until we’re escorted into a private dressing room. These aren’t your regular, dimly-lit and cramped dressing rooms; it’s more like a celebrity green room, with  a plush couch, ottomans, and marble coffee table which will soon be covered with a bottle of Ruinart champagne, small bites, and a bowl of caviar. “This is probably a $1,000 worth of caviar,” Christine tells me, which she reveals also makes her feel compelled  to spend more with them since they’re obviously treating her.  She tries on a black dress with sheer panels. It’s reserved but still a bit sexy. “Where would I wear this?” she asks with each look. Then there’s a fur jacket with an attached cape, “I could just wear this as a dress, is there a belt?” She pulls the coat tightly around her tiny waist. While the clothes she has already tried on are swapped out for another set (only three samples are allowed at a time in the dressing room), Christine looks over the line sheets with all the color options and pricing, as well as an iPad that shows each piece from the show. Then her dream sable coat arrives. “What color would I do this in?” The sample is black but there’s a range of other fur colors to choose from.  For once this week, Christine is not in a rush. There’s no time limits on her dressing room or constraints to her schedule. She takes her time enjoying the process, trying on clothes, taking photos and snapping boomerangs of herself in each look while sipping Champagne. It's the ultimate shopping experience. However, time is ticking for me, as I only have one free day left in Rome, so I decide it’s time to make my exit. “Is this the last time I’ll see you?” asks my couture companion as she rises from the couch to hug me goodbye. I tell her I’m only a phone call away and to keep me posted on the purchases. That afternoon she texts me, “I got the big sexy black see-through gown btw, and the under-trimmings and clutch.” “What about the fur cape dress?” I responded “Undecided—it’s difficult for California peta patrol— you can only wear fur in secret nowadays.”  After I spent the rest of my afternoon walking around the city, taking in the Pantheon and Trevi Fountain sights, eating pizza and tiramisu gelato, I return to my hotel to find a Fendi shopping bag waiting for me in my hotel room. A parting gift from Christine with a note... Dear Chrissy— these boots were made for Rome-ing... and you! Loved sharing Paris and Rome with you! Cheers for adventures ahead! xx Christine 
 
 Our host and stylist William Graper shows off the go-to vintage shopping hacks you need to know. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Can you find of-the-moment, fresh-off-the-runway looks in a thrift store? Apparently, yes.  In our 3rd installment of our fashion test drive series, WTFashion?!, our host, fashion stylist William Graper, along with runway model and avid shopper Heather Marks, heads to Housing Works, one of New York City's best thrift stores. Aside from being at the top of the second-hand heap, Housing Works goes a step further–they are a non-profit that donates proceeds to funding housing, healthcare and more for those affected with HIV/AIDS. Great shopping x a great cause? Check! With a worthy cause and a mission in mind, William and Heather managed to score some of Spring's top trends–for a fraction of the price of the runway looks and with the same bold impact. Don't believe it? Check out their loot: full sequin dresses a la Marc Jacobs and Gucci, Versace-esque head-to-toe monochrome, Dior-style berets, and all the borrowed-from-the-boys coats, jackets and blazers we've been loving. It seems that next season's key looks were all on the racks for those willing to search, dig and style them to their fullest. Also on the thrifting menu? Glamour–especially '80s-inspired volume, taffeta, ruffles and strong shoulders. Start prepping for a strong return in all things va-va-voom, including bold beauty. Get this: fast fashion didn't used to exist. Grabbing runway trends at the likes of H&M and Zara wasn't an option until the early aughts–leaving those who wanted to snag fresh looks each season to pillage the shelves, racks and bins of the best second-hand shops. William's hacks are tried and tested–and come along with a dose of cheeky wit. Watch WTFashion?! for all of his expert tips to scoring looks you'll love–and some designer pieces along the way.
 From the unforgettable runway shows to the standout models.  It was a year of statement-making runways, uplifting campaigns, and a few exciting firsts in the fashion industry. As 2017 comes to an end, take a look back at all the standout moments that defined the year in fashion.  Versace's Spring 2018 show paid tribute to the fashion house's late founder, Gianni Versace, 20 years after his tragic death. Along with a collection that brought back Gianni's most iconic designs, the special show reunited the original '90s supermodels on the runway. Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Claudia Schiffer, Carla Bruni, and Helena Christensen all walked hand-in-hand beside Donatella for an incredible finale walk—making for the greatest fashion week moment of the year.  On the heels of their big Oscar win, the cast of Moonlight landed their first-ever fashion campaign, starring in Calvin Klein Underwear's Spring 2017 ads. Mahershala Ali, Ashton Sanders, Trevante Rhodes, and Alex Hibbert all appeared in the black and white photos shot by Willy Vanderperre.  Once again, Rihanna showed up to the Met Gala schooling everyone on how to dress for a theme. The singer was one of the few attendees to actually adhere to the Rei Kawakuba avant-garde theme, wearing one of the designer's Fall 2016 looks (which was also featured in the Met exhibit). And let's not forget the lace-up heels that tied up her entire leg.  The year kicked off with the incredible Women's March that took place across the entire globe—and the fashion industry didn't sit the movement out. Showing solidarity, Missoni staged a pussy hat march of their own at Milan Fashion Week in February. Models wore Missoni's pink striped rendition of the iconic accessory for a powerful finale moment that was both uplifting and empowering.  Legendary designer Azzedine Alaïa passed away at the age of 77 in November, causing the industry to mourn the tragic loss. The revolutionary designer, oft known as the "king of cling," left a mark on the fashion world with his groundbreaking designs and is responsible for helping launch Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista, and Cindy Crawford to international success. In July, he showed his final couture show after a six year hiatus, which Campbell opened.  The 16-year-old had a breakout season after making her runway debut at Calvin Klein during New York Fashion Week. Gerber went on to walk shows like Alexander Wang, Saint Laurent, Versace, Miu Miu, and Chanel in New York, London, Milan, and Paris, proving she's definitely inherited her supermodel mother's runway genes.  The award for best front row attendee of the year goes to Leslie Jones, who had the greatest time ever attending Christian Siriano's Spring 2018 show in September. The actress/comedian brought some serious fun to the typically quiet and stuffy front row scene. As Siriano's designs walked the runway, Jones cheered, clapped, and shouted things like "YASSS" and "YOU WORK, GIRL!" at the models. Invite her to every runway show from now on, please.   Our first official look at #PenelopeCruz as #DonatellaVersace has arrived! 😯🔥 The Oscar winner stars in 'The Assassination of Gianni Versace,' the new installment of #RyanMurphy’s award-winning #AmericanCrimeStory franchise. Click the link in our bio for more details. 📷: Alexei Hay for EW A post shared by Entertainment Weekly (@entertainmentweekly) on May 23, 2017 at 8:11am PDT American Crime Story announced its next season would be 'The Assassination of Gianni Versace,' recounting the events surrounding Gianni Versace's tragic 1997 murder. The series tapped none other than Penelope Cruz to star as Donatella Versace and the Oscar-winning actress is a dead-ringer for the designer in the first official photos. The series is set to debut in early 2018. Saint Laurent kicked off Paris Fashion Week's Spring 2018 collections with the most epic show venue: the Eiffel Tower. As models hit the runway, the iconic French monument lit up and sparkled in the background, making for a goosebumps-inducing moment.  When Twitter noticed the similarities between Balenciaga's $2,145 tote and Ikea's $0.99 cent take-home bag, everyone completely lost it. The hilarious Ikea vs. Balenciaga memes and tweets led to Ikea trolling the fashion house with a cheeky print campaign titled, "How to identify an original Ikea Frakta bag." When Gigi Hadid suffered a wardrobe malfunction at Anna Sui's Spring 2018 show (the model somehow lost one of her shoes), her sister Bella was there to lend a helping hand—literally—and helped her walk down the runway for the finale. It was an adorably rare Hadid sister moment on the runway that, naturally, flooded social media.  For the second time in its 45-year history, Pirelli cast an all-black cast for its annual calendar. Starring Duckie Thot, Naomi Campbell, Diddy, Whoopi Goldberg, Thando Hopa, Lupita Nyong'o, and more, the Alice in Wonderland-themed calendar shot by Tim Walker celebrated black talent with a whimsical, empowering shoot.  2017 was a year of wins for Ashley Graham, but the model made major strides at New York Fashion Week, where she became the first plus-size model to walk a Michael Kors show.  Reigning as 2017's most surprising breakout style star, Céline Dion had a year full of LEWKS. With the help of new stylist Law Roach, Dion's wardrobe transformed into that of a risk-taking, high fashion chameleon. From the street style scene to Paris Couture Week to her first ever Met Gala, Dion churned out look after look—leaving us all waiting for the next one.  Rihanna returned to New York Fashion Week with a bang after two seasons of showing in Paris. For her Fenty x Puma Spring 2018 show (which started with stunt men flying over the runway on dirtbikes), the singer-turned-designer took her final bow on the back of a motorbike, cementing her status as the ultimate bad gal.  Making her New York Fashion Week debut, Gloria Steinem attended her first ever fashion show at the age of 83. The feminist icon picked a fitting runway for her first and attended Prabal Gurung's Spring 2018 show, which celebrated diversity and feminism. She even shared the moment on Instagram writing, "There is a first time for everything, even at 83! First #nyfw show @prabalgurung, a kind man doing great work in fashion and beyond." Everyone's obsession with Stranger Things hit the runway at Louis Vuitton's Spring 2018 collection. The French fashion house sent t-shirts emblazoned with the Netflix show down the runway, making for the ultimate cultural mashup.  From Vetements x Levi's butt jeans to the introduction of thong jeans at Tokyo Fashion Week, it was a roller coaster of a year for denim. Brands tried just about every jean innovation and deconstruction known to mankind—none of which have (thankfully) managed to stick yet. Also giving classic blue jeans a makeover were Opening Ceremony's detachable jeans, Bella Hadid's denim skirt over jeans, and Topshop's completely clear plastic jeans. Perhaps it's best to keep things classic in 2018. Walking L'Oreal Paris's first ever runway show at Paris Fashion Week, Jane Fonda and Helen Mirren (79 and 72 years old respectively), made their catwalk debut—and it was epic. Each of the legendary actresses brought their own sass and strut to the runway, looking completely incredible while doing so.   Honoring the twentieth anniversary of Princess Diana's tragic death, Off-White designer Virgil Abloh decided to take inspiration from the late royal style icon for his Spring 2018 collection in September. From tartan day suits to polka dots and strong shouldered silhouettes, the designer reinterpreted Diana's most memorable looks for the 2017 woman. The end result was a touching nod to the late Princess.  After over a year of monitoring Meghan Markle's style and blossoming relationship with Prince Harry, the couple announced their engagement last month–giving us all a new royal style star to follow. Markle made her first appearance as an engaged woman in a white robe coat, emerald dress, and nude pumps.  The latest luxury brand to halt the use of real fur, Gucci announced its joining of the Fur Free Alliance in October. Following in the anti-fur footsteps of Stella McCartney, Giorgio Armani, Hugo Boss, and Net-A-Porter, Gucci's impact on not only the Kering group but the luxury fashion industry in general indicates it's probably just the first of many more brands to finally go fur-free.  Up against Bella Hadid, Gigi Hadid, Winnie Harlow, and newcomer Kaia Gerber, Adwoah Aboah took home the award for Model of The Year at the 2017 Fashion Awards after a breakout year of runways, campaigns, and more. 
 The model's look is still available to shop—and it's affordable.  Fashion has a new favorite color and Irina Shayk is the latest to embrace it. While vacationing in Florence, the model stepped out in pistachio green—the color taking over both Instagram and just about every celebrity look as of late.  The shirred mini dress by Faithfull the Brand, which is still available to shop for $210, has been popping up on just about every cool girl on Instagram. The model opted to pair hers with sporty dad sneakers, a lime green bag, and a sideways cross necklace.  Tapping into both the milkmaid dress trend and the latest It color, Shayk's look simultaneously nailed two of Summer 2019's hottest trends. Earlier this week, ELLE.com declared shades of pistachio and lime green the "new millennial pink." And from Rihanna to influencers like Alyssa Coscarelli, the style set seems to unanimously agree.    Pistachio green has been taking over A-listers and fashion influencers in every form—from playful dresses to handbags, sandals, and full monochromatic looks.    last night headed to preview the CHARLES & KEITH's Fall 2019 collection at the Singapore Night Market💚 see more on my stories @CHARLESKEITHofficial #ImwithCHARLESKEITH #sponsored A post shared by  alyssa coscarelli (@alyssainthecity) on Jun 12, 2019 at 5:14am PDT  Back in nyc ❤️ (wearing my @chimieyewear frame in “just red”) A post shared by  elsa hosk (@hoskelsa) on May 28, 2019 at 7:04am PDT  Ivy Dress A post shared by  S T A U D (@staud.clothing) on Apr 22, 2019 at 2:58pm PDT  Loving every part of Italy. ❤️ A post shared by  Negin Mirsalehi (@negin_mirsalehi) on May 23, 2019 at 6:04am PDT  Ibiza Day 1: Girls in #JARDIN #faithfulltravels A post shared by  Faithfull the Brand (@faithfullthebrand) on May 20, 2019 at 10:22pm PDT  Muse @maria_bernad with our Tea skirt 💚 #Musiermuse A post shared by  Musier Paris (@musierparis) on May 28, 2019 at 2:42am PDT  Shop some of summer's hottest pieces in the new green of the moment. 
 "I'm hot in every sense of the word," the rapper told WWD.  Eighty degree weather be damned: it's New York Fashion Week and if Nicki Minaj wants to wear a giant fur coat, she's going to wear a giant fur coat, okay? The rapper attended Oscar de la Renta's Spring 2018 show today in a hooded black and white fur coat by the brand. You mere peasants may see the 78 degree forecast in New York and think "I don't even need to wear a jacket today!" but let Nicki teach you a little something: you ALWAYS need a fur coat. Arriving at the show, the rapper posed for photos—showing off all her best angles as the crowd shouted "YASSSSSS Nicki, she DID that!!!!'  She really DID do that. 
 The MOB wore green for her daughter's wedding... Sarah Ferguson, widely referred to as Fergie and today as Mother of the Bride, arrived to her daughter Princess Eugenie's wedding in a perfectly tailored green dress. The long sleeve, short length dress is ultra-flattering thanks to its wrap detail, finished with a satin lapel. It was designed by Emma Louise, a local Ascot designer. For a little added flair, the dress has a subdued train, which whipped up delightfully on this windy London day.    She paired the dress with a show-stopping wide-brim green hat to match, complete with a gilded bow, designed by milliner Jess Collett. Twitter is full of references to Fergie taking flight thanks to that major bow and Storm Callum in full effect. Fergie looks like she has wings and might take off at any moment #RoyalWedding pic.twitter.com/BDoDGHCnMP The star jewelry piece in her ensemble is a pair of emerald and diamond drop earrings, which mirror the stunning emerald and diamond crown her daughter Eugenie donned down the aisle. Ferguson also wore the brown leather clutch bag that her own mother carried when she wed Prince Andrew at her own royal wedding in 1986. Her slingback embossed leather heels coordinate with her bag. Alas, Fergie's own marriage was not to last. She and Prince Andrew dated for one year before marrying in the mid-1980s and divorced in 1996, after a decade of marriage. The two remained successful co-parents to their daughters Eugenie and Beatrice and reportedly still live together.  “I’m in and out all the time, and he’s in and out all the time,” Fergie said in an interview in 2016 for an Australian radio show, according to People.com. “And no, we’re not married. We’re very happy with the way things are.” But back to that look, it's a standout Mother of the Bride moment, classic and well-tailored with just the right amount of nostalgia. But more than that, Fergie looks utterly thrilled to be there. 
 There she goes! Gigi Hadid has returned to the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show for the first time since 2016. The 23-year-old runway star joins models like her sister Bella, bestie Kendall Jenner, and Angels like Adriana Lima, Josephine Skriver, and Elsa Hosk for this year's show in NYC, which was taped today. Photos are still trickling in on social media, but according to videos posted by guests, one of Hadid's runway looks involves a massive printed parachute instead of wings. 
  In the video, Gigi struts down the catwalk, holding down the billowing parachute with a pair of straps that hang down at her shoulders. Along with the flowing accessory, she sports a matching pink floral ensemble: A cropped long-sleeve top, leggings, and coordinating booties.  For another runway look, Hadid wore a plaid outfit with mixed prints, an asymmetrical puff sleeve, and lace-up thigh-high boots.  This marks Gigi's third Victoria's Secret Fashion Show since first in 2015. Although she was initially expected to walk last year's runway in Shanghai, she unexpectedly pulled out ahead of filming. She announced in a tweet last November, "I’m so bummed I won’t be able to make it to China this year. Love my VS family, and will be with all my girls in spirit!! Can't wait to tune in with everyone to see the beautiful show I know it will be, and already can't wait for next year!" However, her younger sister, Bella, did walk in Shanghai, and Gigi congratulated her from afar. This year, the sisters finally reunited on the VS runway, and you can watch Bella's walk right here.  Watch Gigi and Bella (and all of the other models) walk the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show when the broadcast airs on Sunday, December 2 on ABC. Find Out Where to Watch This post has been updated.
 When it comes to necklaces this season, more is more.  For the past few seasons, hoop earrings have reigned as the fashion set's go-to statement-making piece of jewelry. But giving all our earlobes a break, the coin necklace trend has quickly flourished into the return of layered necklaces as the new way to make a statement with your jewelry.  From layers on layers of gold chains to chunky, retro pendants paired with dainty chokers, layering your necklaces has become an art that our favorite It girls and bloggers have quickly mastered. Get inspired by some of the best necklace pairings spotted on Instagram and build your own layered look that speaks for itself this season.  Play with texture by mixing and matching different style chains with one another so each individual piece stands out.  Monica Vinader engravable pendant necklace, $85, monicavinader.com. SHOP NOW Pair a wider chain link necklace with your dainty pendants for the perfect contrast to your layers.  Foundrae has become the style set's go-to fine jewelry brand for layering-friendly necklaces—style this drop pendant with a shorter, choker-inspired chain link or a coin necklace.   The ubiquitous coin necklace makes for the perfect starting point when layering—let it be your focal point and build from there.  Nalin Studios coin necklace, $150, nalinstudios.com. SHOP NOW Length is key: layer different length chains to let each pendant necklace have its own moment and shine.  Top two necklaces: Mango double pendant necklace, $26, mango.com. SHOP NOW For just $29 per month, rent new and vintage designer jewelry pieces like Chanel, Hermes, Saint Laurent, Gucci, and more from e-tailer Switch.  Throw it back with an '80s-approved layer of chunky pendants that can be worn alone or styled with more necklaces to take the look up a notch.  Seashell jewelry is back and a conch shell necklace makes for the perfect way to break up all your gold chains.  YeahJoy Jewelry shell necklace, $9, etsy.com. SHOP NOW Wear it solo or layer it with dainty gold necklaces and pendants.  Go for maximum impact with statement-making pendant necklaces—from shells to unique shapes to full-on sculptural pieces.  Anissa Kermiche mannequin pendant necklace, $431, anissakermiche.com. SHOP NOW Wald Collection shell necklace, $221, wald-berlin.de. SHOP NOW Go big with your pendant game in this art deco-inspired, layer-friendly piece.  Keep it classic with layers of dainty, simple chain necklaces that still make a statement without feeling too over-the-top.  A simple gold chain is easy to build upon with more necklaces—whether you want to weave in chokers, pendants, or just multiple layered chains.  Get the look with an all-in-one necklace that takes the work out of layering individual chains. 
 Nicolas Ghesquière is keeping this show a little closer to home... No stranger to globe-trotting, Louis Vuitton's creative director Nicolas Ghesquière has brought the French fashion house all around the world to debut new collections. Just last year, to present the Louis Vuitton's Resort 2018 line, he staged a breathtaking runway display on an architecturally-modern suspension bridge at Miho Museum (designed by I.M. Pei ) in Kyoto, Japan. Since then, fans of fashion house have been anxiously waiting to learn where Ghesquière will head next. As it turns out, the location for Louis Vuitton's 2019 Resort collection—just announced today—does not disappoint. Staying true to the brand's Parisian roots, Ghesquière's next itinerant fashion show will take place within the borders of Vuitton's home country, in the classic and picturesque French Riviera. The presentation is scheduled for May 30, 2018, WWD reports. The exact location of the runway show has yet to be revealed, but will be made public by Ghesquière "at a later date." Though the architecture, runway structure, and of course, the designs themselves all remain unknown, the chic Mediterranean seaside—which has become a go-to vacation destination for the rich and famous—will prove a stunningly scenic backdrop for any designer's resort collection. In addition to last year's mountaintop moment in Kyoto, Ghesquière's previous wanderlust-worthy destinatoins include Rio de Janeiro for the Resort 2017 range, Palm Springs for 2016, and Monaco for 2015. Suffice it to say, we're eager to see what the designer has up his sleeve for Vuitton this time around—especially with the home-court advantage. But before he heads to the French Riviera, he'll be stopping in the French capital for Paris Fashion Week to unveil the brand's Fall 2018 range on Tuesday, March 6.
 There's no doubt, they're coolest in black.  We've all heard the phrase it's better in leather—but let's finish that with pants. A great pair of leather or faux leather trousers look ultra-luxe, very cool and just a little bit extra. See who wears them well, from trousers to crops and shop the looks.  A wide-leg cropped trouser in an embossed faux leather take your standard black pants to the next level. An It bag finishes the look. For vegans and non-vegans with style to spare. These rocker pants are all about a bell-bottom and a belly shirt, on Elsa Hosk.  Get on the bootcut train with a pair that's ultra-lengthening when worn with a platform. A leather pant that moves with you is one to hold onto for life. Take note of Evangelie's easy styling. A wear-everywhere leather pant that works as well with a bootie as it does with a sneaker. Lameka Fox brings high shine to an all-over leather look, wearing her cropped jacket with patent trousers. Black never had it so bold. What's not to love about a trouser done up in leather? Pair yours with an oversized knit and button-down for a cool work look. The exposed zipper and roomy fit of these leather trousers feel like an unexpected update to your go-to leggings. Get some chic Grease vibes in all-black, worn with a stiletto, a la Olivia Culpo in 7 for All Mankind pants. 7 for All Mankind pants, $949, shopbop.com. Shop NOW A fitted ankle and high waist add up to a laid-back but cool look, paired with a sheer top. Go casual but still luxe in a jogger that does both. 
 The change is effective at the end of the month. Coach Inc. is changing its name to Tapestry to better incorporate all of the brands it owns, which includes Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. The name change becomes official at the end of the month. Tapestry already has its own website up and running.  The new moniker "is more inclusive," according to Victor Luis, CEO of the New York-based label. "We are now at a defining moment in our corporate reinvention, having evolved from a mono-brand specialty retailer to a true house of emotional, desirable brands," he said in a statement. The change is part of Coach's pursuit of younger shoppers who may not feel the same draw to store windows on Manhattan's 5th Avenue. Coach was established as a small workshop in Manhattan in 1941, and flourished as a fashion powerhouse in the early 1960s. The leatherwear brand acquired Stuart Weitzman in 2015 and Kate Spade in 2017.  Associated Press contributed reporting.
 From Rihanna to the off-duty models and Insta girls who do it best.  Though the beret has roots in Paris, you hardly need to book a flight to wear this French mainstay. Channel your inner Bonnie (minus the Clyde) and see how It girls, Insta influencers, and even Rihanna are perfecting the art of the beret. Plus, shop our favorites of the season, from tweed to leather to every wool topper in between.  Take note from Faye Dunaway in Bonnie and Clyde and add an edge to the classic look by tilting a black beret to the side for the ultimate cool-girl vibe. Janessa Leone hat, $155, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW We're into this more directional shape—never worry that your beret has lost its form.  Designers are upping the ante on the beret since its gained popularity again—we're into the logo love on Caroline Daur. If you're a Gucci girl and you know it. A post shared by elsa hosk (@hoskelsa) on Jan 9, 2019 at 5:35pm PST Elsa Hosk's leather trench-and-Chanel shoes combo would be chic on its own, but a white beret really brings this charming ensemble together. You don't have to break the bank to add that certain je ne sais quoi. So you like a little drama? Bella Hadid brings it for after-dark in vintage denim, a fitted satin vest, sunglasses, and a beret with a veil detail by Dior. Etsy beret, $23, etsy.com. SHOP NOW  Rihanna nails another all-black ensemble, finished with a leather beret for that perfect "I look chic, but I'm badass," vibe.  Covernumberone beret, $126, siaspace.com. SHOP NOW  The face you make when you're secretly turning into an iceblock but trying hard not to show it ☃️ @chanelofficial #CHANELinNYC #CHANELMetiersdArt A post shared by  YOYO CAO (@yoyokulala) on Dec 6, 2018 at 3:58am PST Yoyo Cao tops off her white-and-cream look with a camel-hued beret for a streamlined approach.   We adore the idea of simple white separates finished with a camel beret—it feels like the ideal melding of American-meets-French style.   Similarly, we're always on board with head-to-toe white and cream. A white leather beret lends edge while maintaining a feminine feel.  This pop of white looks great with all white, like the above. Or pair it with classic jeans and a T-shirt for that something extra. Janelle Monáe is synonymous with her black-and-white looks, which makes this monochromatic red moment that much more exciting. A fierce berets seals the deal. This satin version is luxe but still very cool. It really reinforces those French vibes when your beret is bouclé, à la Charlotte Groeneveld. This hat is a statement in itself, which means you can leave the rest of your look super classic. Think: a black double-breasted blazer and skinny trousers.
 The iconic staple looks so right in 2017 There’s no denying the extreme ‘90s presence that has crept into every aspect of this summer’s fashion, with brands like Tommy Hilfiger and Vetements each playing their respective parts to renew some serious denim and normcore throwbacks. But one of the biggest sartorial successes of the ‘90s, and the summer of 2017, is the slinky, sexy slip dress. Decades ago, it was made popular by designers like Calvin Klein and Narciso Rodriguez, who famously dressed every big name super model, along with Carolyn Bessette on her wedding day—which is should be the first image that comes up if you Google “slip dress.” Here, we provide endless inspiration for you to style your 2017 versions from the fashion icons who did it best.  In 1990, Moss wears the simple style in a pale yellow at the 1995 MET Gala.  At an Oscar Party in 1990, the Queen of Rock pairs hers with a tiara. Arguably the most famous slip-dress advocate of the era, Besette-Kennedy strolls through downtown NYC with her husband, 1996.  Need we say more? Kate and Naomi at an Elite Model Agency Party in 1993.  The '90s starlet dons a velvet slip dress at a movie premiere in 1993.  With then-beau Johnny Depp, the supermodel sparkles in a silk slip by Calvin Klein. Embellished with sequins, this flapper dress was once worn by Mrs. Errol Flynn, 1994. LBD style. On the red-carpet in 1995. Coppola in a similar black frock, this time accompanied by a fur trimmed bomber. At a movie premiere in 1994.  At a black-tie soirée with fellow model friend Shalom Harlow in 1995. On the Versace catwalk in 1996 wearing head-to-toe green sequins.  This silk lilac number was paired down with simple summer sandals in 1995—but we'd wear the whole look today. At the first-ever VH1 Awards in a red slip with a black-fringed shaw, 1996.  Paltrow and then-boyfriend, Brad Pitt at the 68th Annual Academy Awards in 1996.  It's girls night for the two models, after the Ralph Lauren Fashion Show in '93. We love Kate's layering job and old school Adidas.   Evangelista pairs the black staple over a simple tee for an effortless airport look, at LAX in 1994.  SJP wears the infamous 'Sex and the City' naked dress at the VH1 Awards in 1997. Take a minute to reflect on everything that was Carrie and Big circa Season 1.  The supermodel celebrates the 50th Anniversary of Dior at the MET Museum in 1996.  Moments after Donatella's iconic 'Diamonds Are Forever' runway show in 1999, supermodels Naomi Campbell,  Kate Moss, and Amber Valetta shine in these bedazzled slips ranging from mini to gown styles. Mastering the look of 'model-off-duty' after the Versace 'Diamonds Are Forever' show in 1999. This '90s sweetheart wears the basic at an art show in 1995.  The blonde bombshell at the 70th Annual Academy Awards in Los Angeles, 1998.  The actress at the New York premiere of the cult classic film Cruel Intentions in1999.  Wearing spaghetti straps at the Golden Globes in 1995. 
From: CR Fashion Book

 Forget basic black—this winter, it’s all about color and volume. It can be so easy to fall into a wardrobe rut as temperatures drop. But resist the urge to rely on safe staples and muted colors, and instead, swap out some of that black and gray for hues that are much brighter and a lot more playful.  Max Mara’s Teddy Bear coat—reimagined this season in five exciting colors—is the outerwear staple your closet needs now. Ahead, how to style the coziest coat you’ll ever own. Dress down the bright yellow coat with a pair of easy vintage jeans and a white button-up. The casual outfit allows your outerwear to have its own moment without feeling too extra. Keep that same laid-back attitude by finishing off with a pair of sneakers.  This powerful, royal blue hue is a strong statement on its own. Let it stand out by pairing it with a classic New York City look: head-to-toe black. For a super soft effect, wear the ivory Teddy with pieces in the same color family to nail one of this season’s big trends: tonal dressing. Here, it’s worn with a combination of creamy beige, taupe, and camel pieces that create one seamless, chic look. Play down the vibrancy of a coral coat with flat boots and neutrals like a textured gray skirt and white top. Pair it all with black tights for an outfit that looks—and feels—incredibly warm. Winter whites have nothing on full-body turquoise. Add a jolt of fresh color into your wardrobe by going all-out with a monochromatic look in a very bold hue—accessories included.                              
 In a tribute to the late designer, many remember her joyous impact on fashion.  This morning, fashion designer Kate Spade was tragically found dead in her New York City apartment at the age of 55. According to law enforcement officials, she died in an apparent suicide. A shock to both the fashion industry and fans of the designer alike, news of Spade's death inspired heartbroken fans to share their earliest memories of her designs on Twitter. As many put it, every girl remembers her first Kate Spade bag—and in the hours following the designer's death, the internet proved just that with a flood of sentimental memories. From fashion industry insiders to teenage girls and even Chelsea Clinton, see all those sharing their own personal memories of how Kate Spade impacted their life below.  
 Insert "work hard, play hard" joke here.  You work hard enough, which means you don't need to waste time searching for the best sales in fashion, beauty, home, and accessories this  Labor Day weekend. Need a new blazer? Check. A fresh pair of cozy sheets? Check check. Take a break from the chaotic workweek and celebrate yourself by shopping amazing deals from our favorite brands, including Nordstrom and Brooklinen, below. Then go ask for that raise you deserve.  SHOP  SHOP  SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP  SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP  SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP  SHOP  SHOP SHOP  SHOP SHOP SHOP  SHOP   SHOP  SHOP SHOP SHOP  SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP SHOP  
From: Marie Claire US

 Things got lit at Gucci's latest show.  Keeping up with this season's trend of presenting resort shows in France (Dior and Louis Vuitton each staged runways in Paris and the French Riviera earlier this week), Gucci headed to Arles, France, for its Cruise 2019 collection last night. Opting for yet another unconventional runway setting, the Italian fashion house staged its latest show at the Promenade Des Alyscamps in Arles—an ancient Roman cemetery that was lit up by candelabras and actual fire lining the runway. For the collection, creative director Alessandro Michele was "fascinated by the idea of death," and really who isn't in the Year of Our Lord 2018? The eerily haunted runway setting served as the perfect backdrop for a collection filled with an abundance of cross necklaces and Victorian dresses. For the finale, a Gucci bride donning a white, high-collared Victorian gown and gothic cross walked dangerously close to the fire-lined runway whilst carrying a bouquet of pink peonies.  The rest of the collection, which was comprised of an astounding 114 looks, included a range of Guccified pieces like an ornate velvet cape, neon lace tights, goth accents, and prints galore.  Another standout detail was an ossuary-inspired look that added ornate detailing to a rib cage-embroidered dress.  "The inspiration is an ossuary, the crypts of the cardinals, of the monks in the 15th century, and the precious decorations. This idea is that everything that is linked to the afterlife is accompanied by something of maximum beauty,” Michele wrote on Instagram.  Though this Gucci show didn't include any human heads or baby dragons, the flame-filled runways and creepy, death-inspired undertones were still enough to capture our attention regardless.
 The brand went especially French for its trip to Paris Fashion Week.  There were no human heads or baby dragons at Gucci this season, but Alessandro Michele still had a few theatrical tricks up his ruffled sleeve. First off, the brand's Spring 2019 show didn't take place in its usual homebase of Milan, but instead at Paris's historic Le Palace theater. And to really go full-on Parisian, the show featured a surprise "intermission" performance by none other than French icon herself, Jane Birkin.  The 71-year-old singer and actress emerged from her front row seat to sing “Baby Alone in Babylone” for the room of Gucci showgoers.  The especially French moment ended with Alessandro Michele thanking and hugging Birkin during his final bow.  Gucci's runway event, which marked the brand's first and only Paris Fashion Week show, was the final in its three-part homage to France (which also included its Pre-Fall 2018 campaign and Cruise 2019 show staged in Arles, France). As for the collection itself, the looks were an eclectic mashup of decades and cultures, all of which came together at Paris's historic nightclub-turned-theater. This season included references from the 1930s to the '70s and '80s along with nods to not only France, but also Gucci's Italian roots and some Americana (in the form of a Disney collaboration that included Mickey Mouse handbags).  And along with Birkin, Gucci also paid homage to some other legendary female musicians in its Spring 2019 collection. Felted hats inspired by Janis Joplin and a denim jacket airbrushed with a portrait of Dolly Parton both hit the runway as part of the brand's spring range.  In a tribute to the most honored female country performer Dolly Parton, a sleeveless denim jacket with her image on the back, a two tone shirt and leggings, seen before the #GucciSS19 fashion show in Paris by #AlessandoMichele. #pfw #mfw A post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on Sep 24, 2018 at 11:27am PDT Oh, and did we mention a live cockatoo walked the runway, too? Anything and everything can happen at a Gucci show, after all. 
 An exclusive first look at Jack Rogers's collectible sandals.  Jackie Kennedy's style may be synonymous with elegant eveningwear and that infamous pink suit, but the former First Lady also had an undeniable knack for vacation attire.  From summers in Hyannis Port to coasting Capri, Jackie had a way of making even the most laidback and effortless of looks glamorous. During one of her trips to Capri, she fell in love with a pair of flat leather sandals that not only became a staple for her vacation style, but also birthed a new brand when she returned to the U.S.: Jack Rogers.  Jack sandals, $118, SHOP She loved the sandal so much that upon her return to the states, she brought them to a cobbler in Palm Beach, Florida to create additional pairs—and so was the start of the Jack Rogers shoe brand. Fast forward to over 50 years later and the Jackie O-inspired sandals are still the core component of the brand's ethos—and just as timeless as ever.  Now, to commemorate Jackie O's influence, the brand is giving the former First Lady's iconic sandal a colorful revamp with a limited-edition capsule collection. Set to launch on the 15th of every month throughout 2018, the full collection will include 36 different styles, each hand-numbered and produced in limited quantities—making for the perfect collectible for any Jackie O. fan.  Jack sandals, $128, SHOP “Our Collector’s Edition Jacks capsule is a celebration of the rich history of the brand made famous by Jackie O over 50 years ago. In designing the hand numbered collection, we drew inspiration from vintage Jacks and referenced the archives to curate this truly unique collection," Bridget Bali, Director of Merchandising at Jack Rogers, said.  From vibrant color combinations to metallic hues, the capsule will roll out three new styles each month—all of which will retail for $128. And further proving the timelessness of Jackie Kennedy's style, the leather sandals feel just as stylish now as they did in the 1960s.  Jack Rogers sandals, all $128, available starting January 15 on jackrogersusa.com. 
 This is the music icon's first fashion campaign. It's been 20 years since Ms. Lauryn Hill dropped her iconic debut album, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill. To celebrate, the legendary singer has put on pop-up performances,  embarked on a major world tour, and thanks to Woolrich, nabbed a starring role in a fashion campaign for the first time in her career.  Titled Woolrich: American Soul Since 1830, the campaign shines a spotlight on "artists whose creative ingenuity is at the very heart of American culture." It follows Ms. Lauryn Hill throughout the streets of Harlem, which is also where she shot the video for her 1998 single "Doo Wop."  In addition to posing in front of the camera, Ms. Lauryn Hill also worked behind the scenes co-creating an exclusive capsule collection that features Woolrich's classic outerwear styles reworked into Lauryn Hill-approved designs. Shot and filmed by Jack Davidson, the singer makes her way to the famed Apollo Theater where she performs a live rendition of her single "Ex-Factor" while wearing the Arctic Parka (with a black and white portrait of herself printed on the back) and the Silverton Coat featuring Woolrich's trademark buffalo check.   "The opportunity to work with Ms. Hill was the perfect start to our ongoing ‘American Soul’ project, highlighting Woolrich’s American heritage," Andrea Canè, creative director of Woolrich said in a press release. "We wanted Ms. Hill to bring her unique artistic eye to the product and DNA of the brand so we invited her to put her own spin on these classic Woolrich styles, reflecting her interpretation of ‘American Soul.’ ”  
From: ELLE US

 The brand's artistic director Julie de Libran breaks down the whimsical new collection, Manifesto.  As Sonia Rykiel celebrates 50 years, of the house has introduced a new capsule collection, Manifesto. The idea of the collection comes from Madame Rykiel’s Dictionnaire Déglingué—full of quirky, literary wordplay and double meanings. The clothes themselves reflect this, with each piece being dedicated to a specific word that incorporates "SR" highlighted in red lettering. Here, Sonia Rykiel’s artistic director Julie de Libran talks about the new collection and how she embraced the Parisian label’s whimsical past to create something for the present. I’ve always loved Madame Rykiel’s Dictionnaire Déglingué, her dictionary that’s filled with wonderful definitions like “Romantic: A woman in a man’s suit, with a flower in her hair.” It demonstrates an intense joy in its wordplay and in its wit and lightheartedness. So it was only natural to launch a year of celebrations for the 50th anniversary of the house with a Manifesto capsule collection themed around a Sonia Rykiel vocabulary. The first word I chose was “s’aimer,” to love oneself. At the risk of sounding clichéd, it seemed pertinent in a world where there is so much insecurity and unhappiness. I wrote s’aimer boldly across the front of a boyfriend sweater, giving a nod to our monogram with the “S” and “R” falling on the sleeves. Sonia Rykiel dress, $1,080, soniarykiel.com; Sonia Rykiel sweater, $720, soniarykiel.com.  The Sauternes dress is shaped like a bottle of the sweet French wine. It’s quietly witty—and so easy to wear! Sonia Rykiel was one of the first true ready-to-wear designers. She wanted women to be free to show off their bodies with pride but also to be able to move around with ease. She combined deep intelligence and reflection with free-spirited fun. My other style icons are Miuccia Prada, Sofia Coppola, and my mother. They each have an individual style that has character, and they aren’t influenced by others. I always start the day with yoga. I like going to Le Tigre on Rue de Cherche-Midi for Iyengar yoga, which you practice with a chair. A men’s blue or camel blazer, a black mock turtleneck knit, black jeans, and stilettos are my workday uniform. I feel stronger when I wear heels. They also give a nice feminine counterpoint to my tailored jacket, which ends up on my shoulders because I don’t like to be cold.  Being in a calm place with music allows me to get lost in my creativity. My favorite artists are Violent Femmes and Supertramp. I need everything in my workspace hidden aside from my books. Martino Gamper made custom shelves for me with cubbies for all the technical office things like the printer and the coffee machine. I’m currently reading Elena Ferrante’s Neapolitan novels. (I’m on the third.) I love the story of this long relationship between two women. Their growing up takes them to different places and yet they remain so attached to each other. Tokyo never fails to excite me, as it always feels new and different but also ancient and established. Ugo Rondinone’s Seven Magic Mountains installation outside Las Vegas is on my travel bucket list. Timeless style means having a wardrobe of clothes that are versatile, of goodquality, and can be passed down through the generations. I have two of my mother’s Sonia Rykiel mohair cardigans from the 1970s, which I wear a lot. They are still infused with her perfume, or maybe I just want to believe that. Shoulder pads are a trend that needs to come back. But flip-flops need to die. Clothes shouldn’t overwhelm someone. They should make one feel more beautiful and give strength and joy. I love that Rykiel can offer both sport and soirée without it seeming contradictory. Which is the essence of the modern woman. Sonia Rykiel pouch, $190, soniarykiel.com; Sonia Rykiel tote, $550, soniarykiel.com. The cultural revolution in Paris demanded a rethink of the way women expressed themselves through their clothes. This is something the Manifesto collection speaks to, evoking the spirit of 1968. I like to think the Rykiel woman remains daring, stylish, witty, and free.
 There's no bad blood. For the past sixteen years, Bruno Frisoni has worked to breathe life and creative spirit into Roger Vivier's elegant Parisian footwear house. Frisoni has acted as Roger Vivier's sole creative director, but has just announced that after this season, he will be stepping down from his spot at the helm.  On February 2nd, it was announced that, by mutual agreement, the Frisoni-Vivier designer fashion partnership will end at the term of the current contract, meaning that the Autumn-Winter 2019 collection, to show in Paris on February 27th, will be the last collaboration that Frisoni will work on.  Diego Della Valle, president and CEO of Tod’s Group, which owns Roger Vivier stated: “I would like to thank Bruno on my behalf and on behalf of all the people who work for Roger Vivier, for the work which has been done during all these years and I wish Bruno a future filled with new opportunities and success." Bruno Frisoni echoed Della Valle's sentiment, claiming his tenure as creative director as being an "extraordinary adventure." “These sixteen years dedicated to reviving Roger Vivier represent a fascinating and exceptional experience," said Frisoni in an official statement. "I thank Mr. Diego Della Valle for his trust, Ines, an inspiration and a friend forever and of course the talented teams and collaborators who allowed me to bring the brand where it is today. An extraordinary adventure. "  Under Frisoni's eye, Roger Vivier has seen growth, success, and oh-so-French, chic and quintessentially campaigns. There's no news yet about who will take over the creative direction of Vivier. In any event, we're eager to see what's in store for the Roger Vivier collaboration-concluding Autumn-Winter 2019 collection.
 See the top runway moments from the Fall 2018 season. See what’s in store for Fall from designers from the Left Bank to the Right…
 For when you don't want to commit to a high heel. There are plenty of boot trends to choose from this season, but there's only one that is truly meant for walking: the kitten heel boot. Set at the perfect height to put a little pep in your step (without also making your feet hurt), this season's kitten heel boot comes in an array of styles from animal print to suede slouchy and even knee-high styles. Shop our favorites at every price point below.  Bring on the texture and the animal print with these snake effect boots that will make any outfit pop.  A stark white bootie makes a good contrast to your winter wardrobe.  This season is all about the return of the knee-high boot and this slouchy kitten heeled pair from H&M is the perfect way to get the look. Add a splash of color in the form of these red hot booties.   Try one of our favorite fall prints in boot form with these gray checked booties. Style them with a pair of jeans and a blazer for full effect.  Go luxe in these glossy croc-embossed boots.  Whether worn with a pair of jeans or a midi wrap dress, these suede boots add a little '70s to any look. Add a little glam with the help of a sculptural gold heel. Channel the '70s and '80s with this season's slouch boot trend revival.  From holiday parties to your New Years Eve look, these sparkling silver booties will carry you through all the season's best soirees.   Add a splash of unexpected color in the form of a red heel.  Embrace the logo life with Fendi's leather and knit booties. Making for the perfect two-tone contrast, these black and white booties will go with everything in your closet. A playful take on the kitten heel trend, these sculptural silk boots are conversation starters in their own right. For a combat-inspired style, these edgy lace-up boots will look good with all your skirts and fall dresses. 
 Film has always been ripe with fashion inspiration. Cinema has had a perpetual, potent impact on our culture—and that includes the fashion world. The garb worn by characters from the '50s through today tend to shape what we slip into, whether we realize it or not. A little black dress and pearls? You know which doe-eyed heroine that invokes. Not to mention, the talented costume designers behind these looks have found new fame bringing stories to life. So rather than look to the catwalk or the street for sartorial inspo, let these characters influence your next outfit choice. Outer space never felt so in. The best way to wear metallics is to treat them as a neutral, so rather than defaulting to head-to-toe white as the weather warms, switch over to silver. If halogen-esque boots are too much, keep them for evening. Iro blouse, $280 SHOP Miu Miu skirt, $195 SHOP Vetements boots, $970 SHOP Lee Savage clutch, $850 SHOP Jennifer Fisher choker, $395 SHOP Celebrate your feminine side by channeling one of the ever-present characters of film. A sweet-as-pie print gives this wrap-top whimsy, while a bright skirt makes the total look fashion forward. A pale pink purse and espadrilles are demure complements. Alexis blouse, $150 SHOP Vanessa Seward skirt, $175 SHOP Soludos shoes, $25 SHOP Marni bag, $350 SHOP Black tie weddings and galas might not come around often, but when they do, look to the sultry stars of  film noir. A dramatic black gown and statement jewels are high impact, and high glamour. Emilio Pucci dress, $1,932 SHOP Charlotte Olympis heels, $353 SHOP Chloé bangle, $265 SHOP Noir Jewelry ring, $58 SHOP Charlotte Olympia clutch, $440 SHOP Office dressing really doesn't have to be boring, especially at a time when suiting isn't de rigueur. A crisp dress, classic pumps and bag big enough for your essentials are chic and impactful, assuring you'll be the heroine of your workday. Tome dress, $340 SHOP Elizabeth and James earrings, $55 SHOP Jil Sander bag, $560 SHOP Valentino shoes, $1,320 SHOP Tough-as-nails females are having a moment on the silver screen, but but the 'don't mess with me' look plays out equally well in daily life. Opt for leather, combat boots, and the ultimate action hero accessory: aviator sunglasses. Rick Owens jacket, $460 SHOP T by Alexander Wang shirt, $75 SHOP Haider Ackermann pants, $1,125  SHOP Valentino boots, $890 SHOP Sacai glasses, $175 SHOP Nipped in waists will always be in style (and also flattering). The trick here is to nail a silhouette, then have fun experimenting with color and pattern (hello, gingham!). Emilio Pucci top, $370 SHOP
 Take note from these stylish celebs who make in-flight fashion look effortless.  Dressing for the airport isn’t always easy. Comfort is key, but does it have to mean full-on sweatpants? Are you leaving somewhere cold, but going somewhere hot? Do you dare wear the extra pair of heels you want to bring, but can’t fit in your carry-on? While there are many factors that go into an airport look, celebrities seem to have it mastered when it comes to traveling in style. From Bella Hadid to Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, take note from these stylish celebs who make in-flight fashion look effortless.  Huntington-Whiteley is known for her sleek style, and doesn't skip a beat when she hits the airport. A button-down, jeans, and roomy blazer keep it tailored without the fuss.  Get the look: AllSaints blazer, $198, shop.nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW The model hit the perfect note between style and comfort, pairing her jersey knit set with snakeskin booties.  Get the look: Gianvito Rossi boots, $1,895, barneys.com.  SHOP NOW Hadid took her streetwear up a notch with a fitted turtleneck and waist-cinching belt.  Get the look: A.P.C. belt, $265, shopbop.com.  SHOP NOW Bad Gal Riri kept it cozy, topping her athleisure look off with a roomy denim jacket and furry slides.  Get the look: UO faux fur slides, $10, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP NOW While Emrata was nothing short of  stylish in a blazer dress and delicate gold jewelry, she kept it travel-friendly by pairing her look with white sneakers.  Get the look: Joseph satin blazer, $895, joseph-fashion.com.  SHOP NOW Comfortable doesn't have to mean frumpy. The fashion designer chose flattering pieces in sumptuous fabrics, topping her flowy, silk skirt with a cashmere sweater.  Get the look: Vince silk skirt, $265, shopbop.com.   SHOP NOW Consider a jumpsuit your one-stop-shop for a sleek look you don't have to overthink. Chopra opted for a zip-up version in a neutral hue. Get the look: Utility jumpsuit, $40, target.com.  SHOP NOW A pretty blouse in breathable fabric is ideal for layering on and off a plane, and pairs perfectly with jeans and loafers as demonstrated by Kerr.  Get the look: Isabel Marant blouse, $315, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW The eldest Kardashian added a luxe touch to her biker shorts with with a two-tone, leather carryall.  Get the look: Pretty Little Thing biker shorts, $8, prettylittlething.us. SHOP NOW If you need to touch down at your destination looking business appropriate, take a note from Clooney with suit separates in a bold color. Get the look: Emporio Armani skirt, $325, bloomingdales.com. SHOP NOW The model added a punch to her denim look with a cozy, plaid scarf and lace-up boots.  Get the look: Balenciaga plaid scarf, $950, shop.nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW Kardashian instantly elevated her sweatpants with a cozy, shearling coat and knee-high, snakeskin boots.  Get the look: Calvin Klein coat, $200, bloomingdales.com.  SHOP NOW Baldwin set off on her travels looking rocker chic with a studded leather jacket, black jeans, and dark shades.  Get the look: Bagatelle leather jacket, $180, gilt.com.  SHOP NOW Breeze through the airport in a simple shirtdress like Bosworth, who paired her gingham version with sparkly black accessories. Get the look: JDY shirtdress, $35, us.asos.com.  SHOP NOW A camel + black color combo automatically feels sophisticated (even when paired with tennis shoes) as proved by Karlie Kloss.  Get the look: Gap wool coat, $228, gap.com.  SHOP NOW The model made pajamas feel airport-appropriate, sporting a chic, striped set and ladylike crossbody bag.  Get the look: Asceno silk pajama shirt, $260, mytheresa.com.  SHOP NOW Gomez brought some heat to baggage claim with a midriff baring top, black trouser pants, pointy-toe boots, and tinted sunnies.  Get the look: UO sunglasses, $8, urbanoutfitters.com.  SHOP NOW Fashion statement or fashion hack? Save some room in your luggage and double up on outerwear like Alexa Chung.  Get the look: J Brand faux fur jacket, $398, shopbop.com.  SHOP NOW Teigen proved that an all-black ensemble never fails with a roomy sweater dress and thigh-high leather boots.  Get the look: Rag & Bone turtleneck dress, $225, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW We love a good bomber jacket, especially one in a punchy color. Aldridge topped off her  leather leggings + hoodie combo with one in cherry red.  Get the look: Forever 21 bomber jacket, $20, forever21.com.  SHOP NOW Johnson kept her airport look classic, pairing her jeans and woven flats with a gray knit sweater.  Get the look: H&M cashmere sweater, $129, hm.com.  SHOP NOW Delevingne suited up in a velour tracksuit that feels far from the 00's with its deep, plum hue.  Get the look: Fenty x Puma track pants, $118, yoox.com.  SHOP NOW Go stylishly incognito like Emma Stone, who paired her double-breasted trench coat with a black baseball cap.  Get the look: Rag & Bone suede baseball cap, $150, shop.nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW Miller traveled with ease in a white t-shirt and high-waisted denim, the ultimate no-fail uniform.  Get the look: Madewell high-waisted jeans, $75, madewell.com.  SHOP NOW Wilde added some edge to her breton-striped tee with a leather jacket, black jeans, and Converse.   Get the look: Splendid striped tee, $64, shopbop.com.  SHOP NOW The Victoria's Secret model elevated a simple gray tee and light wash jeans with pointy black pumps. Get the look: H&M pumps, $60, hm.com.  SHOP NOW
 Gizele Oliveira  wears the combat boots, gold chains, and floor-sweeping coats that define a season melding street with glamour. Ushering in a new season doesn’t call for a total wardrobe overhaul. But it is the perfect time to reassess. What is working in your closet, what makes you feel good, and what—in the famed words of Marie Kondo—sparks joy? It’s also a time to decide which trends resonate with you. Are you the sort of girl who prefers kick-ass boots? Are you ready for a bucket hat, a floor-sweeping coat, a solid-gold chain-link necklace? Scroll through the 8 trends we predict will define the Fall/Winter 2019 season, plus shop the pieces that make your heart race.   Moto Girl Buckle up, because this season, it’s all about the motorcycle boot. After months of ladylike kitten heels, we’re primed for footwear with a little more attitude. Whether streamlined and simple à la The Row, with all the bells and whistles by Prada, or knee-high via Alexander McQueen, the message is clear: We’re not here to play.  Cape Town Maybe all superheroes do wear capes. Runways from Miu Miu to Celine championed the return of the cape for winter. The tailored look benefits from a dose of the unexpected, like pairing it with a sheer top layered over a bralette or even a biker short. In other words, life is all about balance.  For the Love of Logos 
  Fashion’s navel-gazing obsession with logos continues. And we’re here for it. Though shoes and bags look great with the right brand insignia, the latest iteration is found on fetching logo tights. Let your hosiery do the talking—a sheer skirt helps get the word out. Great Scott Somewhere between schoolgirl uniforms, classic Scottish tartans, and ’90s grunge lies the current version of the plaid trend. A good tartan benefits from a little polish mixed with some edge. And a girl can never go wrong with a great tailored suit. Bonus points for a statement shoulder. 
 Chapova Lowena skirt, $736, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW The Long Story 
  For those who prefer to make an entrance: Floor-sweeping coats bring the drama—and the utility. Saint Laurent’s bold silhouette in winter white was a winner of the Fall 2019 runways. Altuzarra and Balenciaga also offered eye-catching ankle grazers. A gold chain-link necklace is the perfect finishing touch, and another standout piece of the season.  Skate Culture Though not mutually exclusive, the Bermuda short and bucket hat trends honor each other. The idea is very: A skate rat from the mid-’90s has grown up and lovingly embraced minimalism. Take your oversize, long shorts in black leather and your cool-kid bucket hat in a leopard print, and call it a chic day.  Tulle Kit 
  For all of fall’s moto boots and leather separates, the season also brings a true dose of femininity in voluminous, heart-stopping tulle gowns. Designers from Valentino to Khaite to Simone Rocha proved that after-dark can go beyond slinky slip dresses. When it comes to evening, or even a very #extra day look, go big or go home. Cozy Bags 
  Fall’s hero bags are as cozy as they are chic. Done up in shearling accents in a variety of shapes from Fendi, Chanel, Phillip Lim, and beyond, you won’t be able to keep your hands off them. 
 Rethink your holiday dress code. Is anything more festive than trying a fabulous new holiday look? While a handful of tried-and-true party dresses would certainly work for the season’s spate of events, right now is the perfect moment to replace your old standards with modern alternatives. These five fresh takes are sure to make spirits bright. Gabriella Hearst dress, $1,200, matchesfashion.com SHOP  Banana Republic cardigan, $140, SHOP  Aurelie Bidermann necklace, $1,200 SHOP   Don't underestimate trousers as a standout holiday option. Balance a sparkling pair with one solid piece (in this case, a sheer black shirt) to ground other glittering garments and accessories. The drop earrings and light-catching trousers have enough distance to create a harmonious balance in a look that might otherwise shine a little too brightly. Banana Republic earrings, $80 SHOP  Jill Stuart top; Banana Republic pants, $110 SHOP  Manolo Blahnik shoes, $895, nordstrom.com SHOP  Banana Republic dress, $160 SHOP  Antonio Berardi jacket; Banana Republic earrings, $50 SHOP  Laurence Dacade shoes, $490, net-a-porter.com SHOP Naeem Kahn dress, $6,000, bergdorfgoodman.com SHOP  Banana Republic jacket, available in select Banana Republic stores Banana Republic sweater, $120 SHOP  Marchesa dress, upon request, marchesa.com Styling by Liz Cabral, Hair by Edward Lampley, Makeup by Sam Addington
 One Oscar de la Renta bag, four glamorous cities This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. No matter where you travel, a chic accouterment is a must. It’s also necessary to ensure you have a different option for each look.  Oscar de la Renta’s new Nolo bag is the ideal size for many an occasion—and comes in a dizzying array of different prints and colors. Pack one for every destination on your ticket. Shop the Bags 
From: CR Fashion Book

 From the trends to know to the rising swim brands.  As if Miami in July isn't hot enough, each year the hottest swim brands flock to the Florida city to showcase the latest in swimwear trends. From buzzy new brands to fresh swimsuit styles and a philanthropic show giving back to kids across South Florida, this year's Miami Swim Week definitely had the range—and all the vacation essentials to go with it. Catch up on the highlights and must-know trends from the week ahead.  During a week of many spray tans and blond bombshells, Sports Illustrated Swimsuit's runway served as a breath of fresh air. The show, which was opened by Halima Aden wearing a Cynthia Rowley burkini, featured models of all ages, races, sizes, and backgrounds.  Aside from being both inclusive and diverse, the runway served as a huge opportunity for up-and-coming models. The show had an open casting call, and models from this year's Swimsuit Issue mentored the contestants throughout the process. In the end, 16 new models were selected to walk alongside the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit models.  Ultra-high, '80s-inspired cuts continued to reign as the biggest swimwear trend. The throwback look appeared in both bikini and one-piece forms—with brands like Revival and SageSwim going for even higher, exaggerated versions of the suit.  Clockwise from left: Revival, TJ Swim, SageSwim For the ninth year in a row, Style Saves, a Miami-based nonprofit helping to provide clothing to underprivileged students, hosted its Swim Week show fundraising for its annual back-to-school initiative project. Hosted at The Setai by Rocky Barnes and Style Saves founder Rachael Russell Saiger, the runway show featured collections by four swim brands: Kai Lani,  Maheli Heli,  Macaed, and  Abruzzo Swim—and many appearances by the cutest mini models.  The sold-out event and silent auction helped raise money for Style Saves' August back-to-school event, which will provide 7,500 students the opportunity to "shop" for uniforms, backpacks, schoolsupplies, shoes, and accessories in a department store-style setup. Even if you didn't attend the event, you can still sponsor a student's back-to-school wardrobe at stylesaves.org.  Ideal for those who want to save on SPF, long-sleeve swimsuits had a moment—from one-pieces at Acacia to bikinis at Nookie Beach to an off-the-shoulder option from Devon Windsor's swimwear debut. Clockwise from top left: Acacia, Nookie Beach, Devon Windsor Model-helmed brands continued to rule the swimwear scene. Candice Swanepoel touched down at Miami Swim Week to show the latest collection from her Tropic of C line. For 2020, the model looked to her native South Africa for inspiration—from Earth and jungle-inspired prints to minimal '90s cuts that can double as bodysuits (as she flawlessly demonstrated).  Meanwhile, Devon Windsor was busy launching a new swim brand of her own. The fellow Victoria's Secret model launched her eponymous brand complete with a wide range of both cover-ups and swimsuits—including many long-sleeve and off-the-shoulder styles.  The one-shoulder swimsuit staged a comeback with brands opting for both one-piece and bikini iterations of the trend.  Clockwise from left: Nookie Beach, Chloe Rose, Maheli Heli at Style Saves  Sustainability continued to be a topic on everyone's mind—though it's notoriously more difficult to achieve with swimwear. To spark more conversation on the issue, The UpCycle Project and Paraiso hosted an UpCycle challenge between design students across the country. Nine students from schools like FIT, Parsons, and the Miami Institute partnered with swimwear brands including Vitamin A, Cynthia Rowley, L*Space, Maaji, and Volcom to create two-piece collections from each of the brand's upcycled leftover textiles.  Additionally, Maaji announced the launch of its Earth Warriors line, made of eco-conscious materials and recycled fabrics. Coming as no surprise, animal prints continued to rule swim runways for another season. Leopard and tiger made the most appearances—with brands like Vitamin A, Monday Swimwear, and Kai Lani doubling up on the prints in both swimsuits and cover-ups.  Clockwise from top left: Vitamin A, Kai Lani, Monday Swimwear
 Denim itself may never go out of style, but some of these jeans definitely have. At this point, most of us accept that jeans never really go out of style. But this staple in everyone's wardrobe has certainly evolved since denim first came into fashion. Want proof? Here, we take a look at the past six decades of denim. In 1934, Levi's introduced their first pair of women's jeans, which were worn mostly by women who lived on farms and ranches. Sixteen year later, jeans were still linked with that western vibe — but they also had an air of coolness to them. Thanks to Hollywood's popular western films and cowboys being very much in vogue, jeans started appearing in many movies and publicity shots, like this one of actress Jane Russell. Likewise, actress Doris Day also wore jeans in her similarly western-inspired promotional image that Warner Brothers commissioned. In the early '50s, Levi's started selling women's jeans more widespread throughout the country, while Marilyn Monroe made jeans even more popular by wearing her pair (cuffed, dark indigo, and super boxy) in the first film where she received top billing, Clash By Night. By now jeans were really picking up steam for fashionable women, and women across the pond, too. Here, an early street style image of a young woman window shopping in London's Piccadilly neighborhood. Princess Diana is often credited as being the first Princess to publicly wear jeans, but that's not true: Here Princess Alexandra of Kent wears jeans to play tennis at her family home in Buckinghamshire. Jeans as activewear: how far we've come. Actress Gail Russell also wears boxy, cuffed jeans for outdoor activities. Actress Joan Collins wore her jeans uncuffed — and significantly more fitted in the leg. She's famously said that she doesn't think women over 40 should wear blue jeans, but here, she's just 22 years old. (Also: we disagree with that statement of hers.) Actress Debra Paget on the set of Love Me Tender, a western with musical numbers. Her jeans take us back to the cuffed hem, but are a lighter wash. Brigitte Bardot was among the first women unable to resist pairing jeans with a simple white T-shirt. Perfection. Italian actress Sandra Milo cements it: the jeans & white T-shirt look was A Thing. Italian singer Mina wears a pair with a notably long hem, and no cuff. Lucille Ball, in a Broadway production of Wildcat, reps more of the cuffed, boxy look, which makes sense because her character's supposed to be an oil miner. On the set of I Love Lucy, though, her jeans were more fitted and feminine. In The Parent Trap, Hayley Mills shows that jeans, by now, weren't just for western looks or  fashion-forward women. Jeans were mainstream, a go-to choice for everyday, casual looks for kids, too. Brigitte Bardot wears her pair slimmer in the leg, uncuffed, ushering in a decade of more bootcut styles.  Pauline Boty, the only female member of the British pop artist movement, kicks back in her bootcut pair. (Note the raw, unfinished hem.)  Goldie Hawn sporting what jean shorts used to look like. Jean Seberg rolls her blue jeans and pairs with another iconic complement: the striped tee. (Seberg, an American originally, moved to France for a few years, and when asked by a Toledo newspaper what she missed most about the U.S., blue jeans were high on her list.) Brigitte Bardot in her favorite style, the bootcut jean. Model Jean Shrimpton keeps the bootcut look going strong. This Levi's ad shows how lighter, brighter denim was coming into fashion. Low-rise denim, as seen here on a woman at the Woodstock music festival. In an advertisement for the 23rd Annual Tony Awards, flared denim takes center stage. Months after this picture was taken, The New York Times declared that with jeans, "the more worn in they seem, the better. This has led to the popularity of patched denims and the frayed cuffs, some of which are deliberately slashed." Wonder if this woman, on the Sunset Strip in L.A., deliberately slashed her pair? Four high school girls wearing Landlubber jeans, an ultra-popular brand in the '70s. A young woman shopping in Mallorca shows how fitted the waists of jeans had become. This Levi's ad raises the question: Who really needs back pockets, anyway? Jane Birkin, on vacation, loved a flare jean like Brigitte Bardot loved a bootcut jean. (And also an unfinished hem. She was big on that, too.) ABBA showing how jeans are really the perfect airport staple...and also how patchwork and embroidery could really spice up classic denim. Jane Birkin, filming Catherine et Cie, still the denim goddess. Charo, on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, sports a low-rise pair that hits severalinches below her belly button. 
From: ELLE US

 See the handsome men who will be cheering from the front row of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show this year.  Though the Victoria's Secret models and Angels may have all of us smitten with them on the runway, who are the lucky men who get to capture their hearts in real life? From the husbands to the fiancés and boyfriends, here's your complete guide to who's dating the VS models.  The model just commemorated the couple's five-month anniversary on Instagram. The two have been together since 2005 and welcomed their first child, a son named Anaca, in October 2016.  Tookes began dating Borrero in 2016 after breaking up with her longtime boyfriend, model Tobias Sorensen.  Never not smiling😘 A post shared by  Jasmine Tookes (@jastookes) on Oct 15, 2017 at 2:32pm PDT The model has been dating the singer, who is now a solo act known as "Bohnes," since 2013.   how does she wake up looking like aphrodite and i wake up looking like gizmo from gremlins? A post shared by  Alexander DeLeon (@bohnes) on Oct 27, 2017 at 10:07am PDT The couple married in 2014 and have two daughters, Dusty Rose and Gio Grace.   Happy first Father's Day, you are EVERYTHING to us. I'm so proud of the kind of dad and husband you are. I can't do life without you!!! Luckiest girls alive 👨‍👩‍👧 A post shared by  Behati Prinsloo Levine (@behatiprinsloo) on Jun 18, 2017 at 12:34pm PDT After meeting at Coachella in 2007, the two married in 2011 and welcomed daughter Dixie Pearl, in 2012 and are expecting their second child early next year.   And date night ❤️💄🎅🏼 A post shared by  Lily Aldridge (@lilyaldridge) on Nov 11, 2017 at 8:40pm PST It's unclear how long the two have been dating, but they've reportedly been together since the model was a teenager (Strijd is 22 now).  Thanks for having us at your magical wedding @lili_claspe, congratulations ✨ A post shared by  Romee Strijd (@romeestrijd) on Oct 8, 2017 at 3:49am PDT The two have been dating since 2015.  The basketball player and model have just recently been linked together as of the summer of 2018.   Happy birthday Picanha. I have no words. I just want to make you as happy as you make me. I love you. Porra!!!! @laisribeiro A post shared by  Joakim Noah (@stickity13) on Oct 5, 2018 at 7:31am PDT The couple, who frequently share their sweet moments on Instagram, have been together since 2015.   May the best team win 😱😱😱😱 shaking #letsgosweden 🇸🇪💙💛#swedenvsengland @tomtomdaly A post shared by  elsa hosk (@hoskelsa) on Jul 7, 2018 at 8:28am PDT After meeting on set, the two have been dating since 2015.   happy bday baby @j_mcd A post shared by  Martha Hunt (@marthahunt) on Jul 10, 2017 at 8:04am PDT The entrepreneur and model have been together since 2015.   Because this place wouldn't be the same without you! ❤️❤️❤️✌🏼 #burningman2017 #burningman A post shared by  Sara Sampaio (@sarasampaio) on Sep 5, 2017 at 12:20pm PDT After a very public breakup, the two reunited a year and a half later and seem to be going stronger than ever.   Home A post shared by  Libragrl999🦋 (@bellahadid) on Oct 16, 2018 at 12:57pm PDT This duo split in March of 2018 after two years together, but quickly reconciled. The two have been dating since 2016 and got engaged over the summer.   The smile says it all 💍😁💙 A post shared by  devon windsor (@devwindsor) on Jun 25, 2018 at 4:14pm PDT The long-distance lovers have been together since 2014.   😘 A post shared by  Kelly Gale (@kellybellyboom) on Aug 21, 2017 at 6:59pm PDT  The two Brits came together in 2016.  Rare image of the goat and I captured by @jdthecombo makeup by @ayinde.mua hair by @hairbyromorgan 🔥 A post shared by  Leomie Anderson (@leomieanderson) on Aug 16, 2017 at 1:40pm PDT The DJ and model first met at Coachella in 2015, and celebrated their marriage in May 2018.   MR & MRS ANDREWS💞 - I love you so much Gregory Andrews , thank you for choosing me as your wife A post shared by  SHANINA SHAIK (@shaninamshaik) on May 1, 2018 at 3:13pm PDT The couple have been dating since Spring 2018, and Khalifa even wears the name "Winnie" on a necklace.   F is for... Fr Fr 💜🐉 A post shared by  ♔Jamaican Canadian♔ (@winnieharlow) on Oct 21, 2018 at 8:35am PDT
 Cara Delevingne and Penelope Cruz both walked the runway in the late designer's final collection for the house. "It's like walking in a painting." Karl Lagerfeld's words, along with his unforgettable legacy, filled the Grand Palais in Paris today for the late designer's final Chanel collection. It was a somber, yet beautiful occasion as the fashion house and its guests all mourned the loss of Lagerfeld, who died just two weeks ago at the age of 85.  Known for his over-the-top Chanel runway sets over the years, Lagerfeld's grand finale for the house was a wintry, snow-filled village complete with mountains and Swiss chalets. Models emerged out of the 'Chalet Gardenia,' before walking the snowy runway. Throughout the show, Chanel paid tribute to its late creative director in a series of beautiful tributes.  Chanel commemorated Lagerfeld with touching sketches left on all the seats of attendees. The sketches featured an illustration of Karl and Coco Chanel hand-drawn by Lagerfeld himself along with the poignant words, "the beat goes on..."   Farewell, Karl🖤 A post shared by  Carine Roitfeld (@carineroitfeld) on Mar 4, 2019 at 10:54pm PST Just before the Fall 2019 show began, audio recordings of Lagerfeld speaking in French played over speakers. "It's like walking in a painting," the late designer mused in one of the recordings. The house then held a minute of silence for the room to pay respects to Lagerfeld.  Both a muse and close friend of Karl, Cara Delevingne opened the show wearing a full-length houndstooth coat over a checked tweed jumpsuit. The stunning black and white look featured a matching hat and beaded Chanel necklaces. A longtime brand ambassador to Chanel, Cruz walked the runway this season instead of sitting front row. Donning an all white look, the actress carried a single white rose with her down the runway—a subtle, but beautiful nod to Lagerfeld.  Naomi Campbell, Marion Cotillard, Kristen Stewart, Janelle Monae, Monica Bellucci, Claudia Schiffer, and Karen Elson were amongst those in attendance at the show.   The show began with a series of tweed and houndstooth looks all done in Lagerfeld's signature white and black color palette. Tapping into the snowy backdrop, the collection then veered into après ski, done Chanel style.  In-between, a range of bright looks added some major color to the runway in the form of hot pink, turquoise, orange red, and purple. The pieces ranged from colorful striped puffer coats to knitwear and tweed skirt suits.  The show then ended with a series of all white, angelic looks ranging from tailored suiting to feather and jewel-encrusted cocktail dresses.  For the finale, David Bowie’s “Heroes” played (the same song that closed Lagerfeld’s final collection for Fendi in Milan) as a parade of models, many fighting back tears, stormed the snow-filled runway. It was an emotional farewell to Lagerfeld's unforgettable legacy both at Chanel, and in fashion.     Karl Lagerfeld’s final #Chanel show ❤️ In his words, “it’s like walking in a painting.” @chanelofficial  Regram Fashion Director @nicolefritton A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Mar 5, 2019 at 3:23am PST Before his passing in February, Lagerfeld served as Chanel's creative director since 1983. Today marks his final collection after designing for the house for 36 years. He will be succeeded by Virginie Viard, his longtime collaborator and director of Chanel's Fashion Creation Studio. 
 From holiday parties to New Year's Eve.  There's plenty to love about the holiday season—long meals with family, cozy nights drinking mulled wine with friends, and a stream of invitations to parties and dinners. With so much on the calendar, it's a fun time of year to get a little playful with your personal style. Here, four different outfit ideas for four very different occasions.  Shown above: Guess blazer, $108, guess.com; Guess pants, $98, guess.com; stylist's own Headband; FLRNZ ring A Dinner Party Treat a holiday dinner party as an excuse to dazzle, particularly if you’re amongst friends. Neutrals are chic and speak to a festive (but still sophisticated) mood. Experiment with textures and shades in classic combinations, like a mini dress with matching over-the-knee boots. It’s a strong look, so keep your makeup, hair, and jewelry a bit more low-key. Guess dress, $128, guess.com; Young Frankk necklace, Guess boots, $169, guess.com Cozy Cocktails When drinking eggnog, mulled wine, or any number of warm, seasonal cocktails, a fireplace and an oversized knitted sweater is a must. Pair one with a minuscule leather mini for the perfect combination of cozy and cool. Introduce rich, winter hues through a deep plum lip and a khaki-grey ankle boot, and finish with sweet hair accessories like a gilded clip or a ribbon bow. Ganni sweater; Guess skirt, $79, guess.com; Reik Nen boots; Beck Jewels earrings. The New Year's Eve Party Now this is the time to go all-out—no holds barred, over-the-top, anything goes flamboyant. Reach for sequins and feathers and fringe; all that glitters is indeed gold in this case. Whether you choose a short hem and a streamlined silhouette or dramatic, voluminous, floor-sweeping proportions, what matters most is your attitude. To that end, layer on the jewelry, pop the Champagne, and ring in the new year on the most stylish note. Guess dress, guess.com; Topshop bag; FLRNZ ring Festive Brunch For a low-key, chill holiday brunch, you want to be comfortable—without compromising on chic. Layering is key; semi-sheer pantyhose and opaque ankle socks pair nicely, especially when tucked into a heeled loafer. Choose a long-sleeved mini in a wintery slate (under whatever giant coat you’re sporting) and swap your beanie for a knitted headband. Bonus points for sparkles. Guess dress, guess.com; Commando tights; Freda Salvador shoes; Topshop headband; Guess earrings Styled by Juliana Salazar, Hair by Rutger, Makeup by Ralph Siciliano
 But here are the pieces that you should actually buy.  Memorial Day Weekend sales can be overwhelming, but there's one you definitely don't want to miss out on: Nordstrom's Half-Yearly Sale event (which runs through June 3rd). This year's sale is filled with a ton of summer must-haves—from sundresses to sandals, swimsuits, and blouses—with prices that won't break your bank account (or your credit card, at that). Like most sales, the options can be a bit overwhelming, so we edited down the 21 best buys to shop for summer now. Click through and treat yo self, girl.  The polka dot trend isn't going anywhere this summer. In fact, the print makes for the perfect retro sundress that will take you from day to night all season long.  Row A dress, $49 on sale for $29, nordstrom.com. SHOP A red block heel sandal acts as the perfect way to top off any summer look—from sundresses to jeans and a tank.  Chinese Laundry sandals, $100 on sale for $70, nordstrom.com. SHOP Go matchy-matchy in a coordinating print crop top and pants set that will stand out amongst a sea of sundresses.  Mimi Chica crop top, $29 on sale for $17, and pants, $35 on sale for $21, nordstrom.com. SHOP Embrace summer gingham in the form of a puff-sleeved top that's ultra-flattering.  WAYF off-the-shoulder blouse, $65 on sale for $40, nordstrom.com. SHOP Scoop up a pair of neutral-hued slides you can wear with pretty much everything in your closet.  J.Crew slides, $60 on sale for $35, nordstrom.com. SHOP Designed by fashion blogger Chriselle Lim, this striped wide-leg jumpsuit can be worn under a denim jacket or on its own for a beach-inspired, yet polished summer look.  Chriselle x J.O.A. jumpsuit, $109 on sale for $54, nordstrom.com. SHOP Every summer wardrobe needs one—this will be your savior for a chilly night by the beach.  J. Crew denim jacket, $110 on sale for $66, nordstrom.com. SHOP Yellow is one of summer's hottest color trends. Try the look in the form of a bright dress that brings on the sunshine.  Sea dress, $435 on sale for $260, nordstrom.com. SHOP Switch up your bag this summer with a small white hand-held that packs a punch (and goes with virtually everything).  Chelsea28 crossbody bag, $49 on sale for $28, nordstrom.com. SHOP Give your swimsuit wardrobe a refresh with this sweet gingham one-piece that can be worn as a bathing suit or as a bodysuit with wide-leg pants or a skirt.  J. Crew swimsuit, $110 on sale for $66, nordstrom.com. SHOP Invest in a new pair of denim perfect for warm weather. These high-waisted, ripped Levi's will go perfectly with a bodysuit or blouse.  Levi's jeans, $158 on sale for $105, nordstrom.com. SHOP You'll live in these low block-heel sandals all summer long. And bonus: they're also offered in 8 different colors.  Lucky Brand sandals, $90 on sale for $53, nordstrom.com. SHOP Tired of the same off-the-shoulder dress? This striped number shows just a hint of shoulder, making it feel like a fresh take on the trend. Robert Rodriguez dress, $495 on sale for $296, nordstrom.com. SHOP Wear one of summer's hottest bag trends with a feminine sundress or jeans and a puff-sleeved blouse.  Kate Spade bag, $398 on sale for $266, nordstrom.com. SHOP Wear this pretty, floral-embroidered top with a pair of blue denim. J.O.A. top, $68 on sale for $40, nordstrom.com. SHOP Visors are officially back—and this terry cloth take is sure to be a winner for It girls on Instagram.  FITS visor, $20 on sale for $10, nordstrom.com. SHOP A pair of block heel mules will act as your go-to shoe for the office or a night out.  Etienne Aigner mules, $198 on sale for $138, nordstrom.com. SHOP Your office wardrobe needs some love too—roll up the sleeves of this white linen blazer to make the perfect top layer for all your workwear.  Leith blazer, $75 on sale for $45, nordstrom.com. SHOP Logomania is back—and what better way to try the trend than with a playful pair of designer earrings? Valentino earrings, $575 on sale for $344, nordstrom.com. SHOP Off-White's Spring 2018 collection paid homage to the late Princess Diana. Own a piece of the limited-edition tribute with this white and blue t-shirt.  Off-White Princess Diana t-shirt, $415 on sale for $290, nordstrom.com. SHOP From the beach to the pool to your everyday wardrobe, these leather slides will be your footwear MVP this summer.  Rag & Bone slides, $295 on sale for $177, nordstrom.com. SHOP
 Shoulder pads, power suits, and beyond.  The 1980s were a decade of bold style, colors, and silhouettes—permed hair included. With trends spanning from ripped tights and leather to polished oversized blazers, and style icons ranging from Joan Jett to Joan Collins, it was one of the most eclectic decades in fashion. And like it or not: the '80s are back in full force. From shoulder pads to power suits and all that's in-between, some of the era's key looks are making a comeback in fashion. Get inspired by taking a look back at some of the most memorable and defining style moments of the decade.   A Studio 54 club-goer wears a green blouse with dramatic shoulder pads over a black leotard.  Jerry Hall modeling a polka dot dress, red wide-brim hat ,and matching belt circa '83.  Three models showcase their colorful power suits while going for a casual walk down the street.  Pat Cleveland in a metallic blue party dress at Marc Bouwer's runway show during New York Fashion Week.  Jerry Hall and Marie Helvin in black and white ensembles at the Royal Ascot.  A model in an all green look and matching sunglasses walks the Claude Montana runway at Paris Fashion Week.  Cyndi Lauper in a colorful glam rock look.   Linda Evans, Diahann Carroll, and Joan Collins wearing shoulder pad dresses, pearls, and fur coats in a Dynasty promo photo. Princess Diana in a pink and red Catherine Walker dress and a matching Philip Somerville hat on an official visit to Kuwait.  Grace Jones in a colorful look and spandex leggings at an after party following the Grammy Awards.  Sarah Jessica Parker in a boxy blazer, high-waisted jeans, and white sneakers.  Madonna wearing her signature rubber bracelets and cross jewelry for a photo shoot.  Salt-N-Pepa in matching looks and accessories for an official portrait session.  Joan Jett in her signature glam rock look.  Partygoers wear dresses and cowboy boots for a night out at Studio 54.  A model wears a puff-sleeved red leopard coat at Givenchy's Fall 1984 runway show during Paris Fashion Week.   Beverly Johnson and Grace Jones show off their outfits.  A model poses in a red chained blazer and headscarf.  Diana Ross in a striped jumpsuit for a night out at the Embassy Nightclub in London.  Punk rock style flourished in London—with fishnets, chains, and studs as the go-to accessories.  Brooke Shields poses in a turtleneck and checked blazer.  A denim street style look on King's Road in London.  A model in an oversized yellow blazer, complete with shoulder pads and a large chain necklace.  Jane Fonda's revolutionary workout tapes helped popularize the gym look of the era: bodysuits, leg warmers, and sweatbands.  Demi Moore wears harem-style overalls and a gray hat in Los Angeles.  Janet Jackson embraces power shoulders in a red top tucked into high-waisted denim.  A woman models Emanuel Ungaro's spring collection in London.  Ines De La Fressange in a chained little black dress on the Chanel runway in Paris.  A portrait of model Toukie Smith draped in a striped robe.  Madonna in her iconic white "Boy Toy" look for her "Like a Virgin" performance at the 1984 MTV VMA's. 
 Stock up on all your summer fashion essentials.  Summer is almost here, but even more exciting: it's bringing all the best sales with it. No matter what your Memorial Day Weekend plans are, pencil in some time to stock up on all your summer fashion and beauty essentials with these seriously good deals. From Shopbop to Net-A-Porter and beyond, these are the best MDW sales to start shopping now.  Up to 40% off 5000+ styles (including the Designer Boutique) now through Memorial Day. SHOP NOW Up to 50% apparel, accessories, beauty, and more from May 21st through Memorial Day.  SHOP NOW Up to 70% off when you get an extra 20% off all sale and clearance items now through Memorial Day. SHOP NOW Up to 50% off apparel and accessories starting May 22nd through Memorial Day.  SHOP NOW 20% off sitewide using the code 'MDW20' now through Memorial Day.  SHOP NOW Save an extra 30% on sale items now through May 22; Get $10 off $50 purchases $25 off $100 purchases, and $50 off $150 purchases on May 27.  SHOP NOW $50 off any pair of sunglasses with code 'SPRINGINTOSUMMER' from May 20th through May 27th.  SHOP NOW 20% off all bags from May 24th through May 27th.  SHOP NOW  20% off all sale items when you use the code 'soextra' from May 24th through May 27th. SHOP NOW Up to 50% off everything now through May 27th.  SHOP NOW 30% off sitewide when you use the code 'MEM30' from May 24th through May 27th. SHOP NOW Up to 20% off skincare, hair, and makeup products now through May 28.  SHOP NOW   STILA COSMETICS  Take an extra 30% off sale items from May 24 through May 27. SHOP NOW
 Light pinks and blues get a winter touch with rich textures and sparkly extras.  While light pinks and blues are normally reserved for springtime months, pastel hues that come in rich textures or have a sparkly touch feel suited for winter. Whether you're headed out to a holiday party or curling up by the fire, a pastel ensemble injects the perfect dose of pretty.  Coach 1941 sweater, $795, similar styles available at coach.com. SHOP Tod's bag, $1,995, similar styles available at tods.com.  SHOP Prada shoe, price upon request, prada.com. SHOP Pomellato ring, price upon request, pomellato.com. SHOP Burberry dress, $2,795, similar style available at burberry.com.  SHOP Tibi blazer, $595, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Burberry earrings, price upon request, burberry.com. SHOP Tibi sculpted suit pant, $450, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Marc Jacobs skirt, price upon request, marcjacobs.com. SHOP Tabitha Simmons shoe, $895, similar styles available at tabithasimmons.com. SHOP Dior Timepeice watch, $4,950, dior.com. SHOP
 The singer is working on her first ready-to-wear collection for the brand.  Selena Gomez is back with a second collection for Coach—and this time it's going beyond handbags and into ready-to-wear clothing.  Launching this fall, the actress/singer's next design collaboration with the fashion brand will include ready-to-wear clothing, outerwear, handbags and accessories.  "I always look forward to designing with Selena because she has a strong point of view. We wanted to bring cool new ideas to the table and I loved getting her take on clothes as much as accessories this time around," Stuart Vevers, creative director at Coach, said in a statement from the brand.  The collection will be inspired by Gomez's own personal style and feature what the brand refers to as "an unapologetically confident and powerful feminine spirit." On Instagram, Gomez shared a first sneak-peek at the clothing, revealing the label of a peach and pink lace dress.   Fam, my second collection for @coach is going to include clothes! So grateful I got to work on this with @stuartvevers. Can’t wait to show you this fall. #CoachxSelena #CoachNY A post shared by  Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Mar 12, 2018 at 7:14pm PDT "I am so excited to be working with Coach again. Getting to create my own collection with Stuart has been such a fun process, and I can’t wait for everyone to see what we have been working on over the past several months," Gomez said in a statement.   Last fall, the singer debuted her first Coach collection, which included a range of handbags and small accessories. As the face of the brand, she also already has two ad campaigns under her belt. Though it's unclear how long the ongoing partnership between Gomez and Coach is slated to last, it definitely isn't showing signs of slowing down any time soon.  
 The shop is an homage to Dapper Dan's famed Harlem boutique which closed in 1992.  Back in May, the internet accused Gucci of knocking off a jacket included in its Cruise 2018 collection. The design in question was a fur bomber with balloon sleeves logoed in Gucci's signature G's that looked a whole lot like a jacket designed by Harlem couturier Dapper Dan in the '80s.  Soon after, the fashion house responded to backlash on Instagram stating the jacket was an "homage" to Dapper Dan and his legendary hip-hop fashion. Then in September, Dapper Dan himself appeared in a Gucci menswear campaign and it was announced that the two would partner up to bring back the tailor's famed Harlem boutique that was shut down in 1992.  Now, a first look inside the Gucci x Dapper Dan Harlem atelier is finally here. The 4,700 square-foot space, featuring both a storefront and an atelier studio, is nestled in a brownstone on Lenox Ave in Harlem. Opening in January, the shop will operate by appointment only and allow shoppers to have bespoke garments designed by Dapper Dan using Gucci raw materials, fabrics, prints, embroidered patches, and hardware.   "Everyone paid homage to Dapper Dan, but no one ever paid him. The people have spoken and Gucci has listened. Nothing has been more significant in the Harlem cultural scene than Alessandro and Gucci coming to Harlem and partnering with Dapper Dan," Dapper Dan said in a statement from the brand.  According to a release from Gucci, the collaborative project is inspired "Made in Italy meets Made in Harlem and the 1980s meets 2018."   The atelier studio isn't the only project between the Italian fashion house and the Harlem-based couturier in the works. Along with the store, a Gucci x Dapper Dan capsule collection will be included as part of Gucci's Fall 2018 collection.
 UNHCR Special Envoy  Angelina Jolie reports from the  front row of RefuSHE’s  pioneering fashion show in support  of refugee artisans. In all her years as an Academy Award–winning actress and director, Angelina Jolie—the most glamorous woman on the planet—never went to a fashion show. “I hadn’t  been to one before,” the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) Special Envoy says of the experience of finding herself seated front row during a visit to a refugee shelter in Nairobi, Kenya, last June. “But it was my kind of runway: the most beautiful girls, survivors with their heads held high, bringing forward their own designs and culture; showing how it’s possible to find your femininity again after it has been brutally attacked.” This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. The shelter Jolie visited on World Refugee Day is run by RefuSHE, an NGO that seeks to fill a crucial gap in care for girls and young women between the ages of 13 and 23 fleeing Somalia, South Sudan, and other war-torn countries in the region. “All the girls I met had been separated from their families or had seen their parents killed,” says Jolie. “Almost all had suffered sexual violence, and many had given birth after being raped.” RefuSHE provides counseling and shelter and conducts a multidisciplinary education program. With the support of UNHCR, RefuSHE also encourages economic empowerment by teaching the young women to make colorful scarves using resist-dyeing, a traditional East African technique similar to tie-dye. This gives the refugees a marketable skill that can help set them on a path toward financial independence. One hundred percent of the proceeds from the scarves they make are reinvested into the program and its artisans; since 2010, nearly 70 percent of them have become self-sufficient.  “I thought the girls represented their culture and their craft in a way that was so impressive,” Jolie says of the runway show, which culminated in the audience rising to its feet and dancing with the models. “They are women in full.” The program is part of a UNHCR initiative, MADE51, that aims to bring market access to refugee artisans. RefuSHE bag, $65, shop.refushe.org. SHOP Now MADE51 is helping RefuSHE expand its product line with a new range of bags made by artisans living in Kakuma, a refugee camp in northwest Kenya where Jolie built a school for girls, and at the nearby Kalobeyei Settlement. The fabric will be hand-dyed in Nairobi and then sent to Kakuma, where the artisans will tailor it into totes, shoppers, and clutches. From there the bags will be sent to Kalobeyei, where a group of Ethiopian artisans, renowned for their beading skills, will add embellishments. “There is so much talent within refugee populations that goes to waste because people are not allowed to work or are not able to work,” Jolie says. For Halima Aden, a 20-year-old Somali-American model who spent the first seven years of her life in Kakuma, the RefuSHE program is a welcome addition to camp life, where enterprising women rely on a barter economy of trading incense or braiding hair to make ends meet.“I wish my mom had something like that in the camp,” Aden says. “As a refugee, sometimes you feel like you don’t have a say in the world, so it’s nice that women can now have a hand in their own destinies. The craft they learn is something they can take with them because knowledge sticks with you.”  RefuSHE scarf, $44, shop.refushe.org.  SHOP By integrating various artisanal skills and spreading the work among different camps, the program gives the maximum number of refugees an opportunity to apply their skills and earn an income, which is especially important in the remote Kenyan camps where the semi-arid climate is unsuitable for agriculture. MADE51 projects that if retailers get involved and place orders, there is the potential to create 12,000 new jobs in Kenya alone. “We need more initiatives like this,” Jolie says, pointing to refugee-artisan communities in 70 countries, ranging from Rwandan basket­makers to Afghan kilim weavers, that could also benefit from MADE51. “Nobody wants to be a refugee or to live on aid,” she adds. “They want to lead dignified, useful lives, like any of us. So I hope this is just the beginning.”
 Naomi, Christy, Gisele, Gigi, Kaia, and more star in the ads. Update, 12/18: Versace has unveiled its full Spring 2018 campaign in its entirety–and it's just as supermodel-filled as we expected. From Christy to Naomi to Kaia, see all the images below.  Christy Turlington: Naomi Campbell: Noah Luis Brown:  Gisele Bündchen: Kaia Gerber: Original Article, 12/15: Following the epic reunion of '90s supermodels on Versace's Spring 2018 runway, the brand has enlisted some of the most iconic models of the past three decades for its spring campaign.  Like the runway collection, the Spring 2018 ads act as a tribute to the late Gianni Versace, 20 years after his tragic death. Lensed by Steven Meisel, the campaign stars multiple generations of supermodels including Naomi Campbell, Christy Turlington, Gisele Bündchen, Natalia Vodianova, Raquel Zimmermann, Gigi Hadid, Kaia Gerber, Irina Shayk, Vittoria Ceretti, Cara Taylor, Birgit Kos, Grace Elizabeth, and Noah Luis Brown.  A new school take on a family tradition - conceived by Artistic Director, @Donatella_Versace and shot by legendary collaborator #StevenMeisel, the #VersaceSS18 Campaign portrays - together for the first time in decades - some of the most iconic forces in fashion along with today’s hottest talent, in individual portraits capturing their unique personalities. #VFamily _ @iamnaomicampbell wearing a Vogue print look from the #VersaceSS18 #VersaceTribute collection. Photographed by #StevenMeisel Artistic Director: @Donatella_Versace Art Director: @FerdinandoVerderi Styled by @kjeldgaard1  Make up: @PatMcgrathreal Hair: @GuidoPalau Casting Director: @pg_dmcasting A post shared by  Versace (@versace) on Dec 15, 2017 at 5:46am PST "It has been amazing shooting this campaign surrounded by all of my friends and some of Gianni’s to whom this collection is a tribute...There was such a joyful energy in the air, it was like I went in a travel machine and went back to the Nineties. It was like if Gianni was on set with us," Donatella Versace said.  @versace tribute to Gianni Versace by Steven Meisel ✨✨✨ Campanha da @versace_official em homenagem a Gianni Versace, fotografada por Steven Meisel. A post shared by  Gisele Bündchen (@gisele) on Dec 14, 2017 at 4:24am PST Along with featuring some of the biggest supermodels of the '90s and early 2000s (from Christy and Naomi to Gisele and Natalia), the ads also feature the rising supermodels of today including Gigi Hadid and Kaia Gerber. Gerber, the 16-year-old daughter of Cindy Crawford, just made her runway debut during the Spring 2018 season and has already proven herself a rising super in the making. Both Gerber and Crawford walked the runway at Versace's Spring 2018 show.  Versace S/S 2018 Campaign Model: #kaiagerber  #versace #versacess18 #ss2018 #adcampaign #campaign A post shared by @ 9sete on Dec 14, 2017 at 2:09am PST Acting as the highlight of Milan Fashion Week (and pretty much the entire Spring 2018 season), Versace's Spring 2018 runway finale featured some of Gianni's favorite supermodels from the early '90s including Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Helena Christensen, and Carla Bruni. The full Versace Spring 2018 will debut in its entirety on December 18.
 Summer outfit ideas worth trying from Penelope Cruz, Laura Harrier, Sienna Miller, and more.  This Saturday, Veuve Clicquot hosted its 11th Annual Polo Classic at Liberty State Park with a crowd of stylish attendees and of course, an abundance of champagne. From Penelope Cruz to Laura Harrier and beyond, this year's event hosted an array of chic A-listers serving up some major summer looks worth channeling this season. Click through to see this year's best dressed guests. 
 From neon to suiting, the new ‘70s, and more. From Savile Row suiting to ultra bright neons and lace overload, Fall 2019’s top trends are quite an eclectic mix. The runways had a little something in store for every style this season: the sophisticated working woman, the bold risk-taker, and even those who’d prefer to stick to the classics. Brands like Proenza Schouler and McQueen explored new takes on power suiting while Vuitton, Marc Jacobs, and Miu Miu mastered the art of feminine, moody fall florals. There were unexpected highlights, too, like hot, rave ready neons spotted at Saint Laurent and Jacquemus.  Ahead of fall, we rounded up the 10 standout trends spotted on the runways in New York, Milan, London, and Paris. Consider the below your guide to the new season.  Sharp shoulders, belted, and Savile Row style tailoring make up the new power suiting for Fall.  Pictured: Givenchy. Balenciaga  Proenza Schouler Alexander McQueen Dolce & Gabbana Prada Marc Jacobs  Stella McCartney Thom Browne Oscar de la Renta Pair a bow blouse with a pleated skirt and jacket for this chic revival of the classic 70’s girl. Pictured Celine. Burberry  Valentino  Christian Dior  Proenza Schouler  Balenciaga Gucci Tod's Fendi  Not for the faint of heart. Wear this bold look head to toe for maximum impact or choose a sleek pump for a punch of color. Pictured: Saint Laurent. Balenciaga Off-White Versace Jacquemus Marine Serre Sies Marjan Nina Ricci Carolina Herrera The Queen’s tweed gets a modern take in capes, belted coats, and pleated skirts. Pictured: Marc Jacobs. Celine Chanel Lanvin  JW Anderson  Victoria Beckham  Etro Salvatore Ferragamo Tod's  This season’s dark florals are found on modern ladylike shapes. Pictured: Prada. Alexander McQueen Louis Vuitton Richard Quinn Marc Jacobs Givenchy Dries Van Noten Miu Miu Rodarte Coach Erdem  Junya Watanabe Outerwear with brass buttons paired with combat boots marches to the beat of its own drum. Pictured: Stella McCartney. Gabriela Hearst Chloe Prada Tom Ford Miu Miu Hermes The Row Proenza Schouler  Statement outwear was spotted in capes, trenches and bomber style jackets. Pictured: Bottega Veneta. Alexander Wang Paco Rabanne Celine Jacquemus Marc Jacobs Tod's Versace Rock and roll metallics are perfect for a night out—get them on your choice of chic culottes or serious party dresses. Pictured: Celine.  Burberry Michael Kors Dolce & Gabbana Paco Rabanne Simone Rocha Altuzarra Alberta Ferretti Brock Collection Equipped with pockets for your essentials and built to stand the test of time. Pictured: Hermes. Stella McCartney Prada Sacai Salvatore Ferragamo Max Mara Isabel Marant Rick Owens Miu Miu Lace gets an update with edgy silhouettes by way of mini and maxi dresses. Pictured: Prada. Marc Jacobs Saint Laurent Gucci Dolce & Gabbana Loewe Givenchy Alexander McQueen
 It's not a must-have until Bad Gal Riri says so.  As we all know, Rihanna has the superhuman power to take any look, any accessory, or anything and make it instantly cool. Her latest feat? Convincing us all that we absolutely need a pair of "Thottie or Nice?" socks this holiday season (come to think of it, how do I not already have a pair of "Thottie or Nice?" socks in my life?). The singer, who will now be known as the new Santa Claus, unveiled another collection of socks in collaboration with Stance just in time for the holiday season. Featuring nine different styles, the collection most notably includes a pair of over-the-knee Santa-inspired socks and mid-calf socks that pose the important question, thottie or nice? Offered in two colorways, the thottie or nice socks of course act as the true star of the latest Fenty x Stance collection. And ranging in price from $14- $24, they also happen to make the ideal stocking stuffer this holiday season (or maybe just treat yourself to a pair before they sell out). Surely Santa is out there somewhere thanking Bad Gal Riri for the fresh material.   Of course this isn't the first time Rihanna designed a collection that made us actually excited about socks. Over the summer, the singer released a collection with Stance transforming her most iconic red carpet moments into sock form—which, unsurprisingly, sold out instantly.  The #ICONICcollection x @stancemuse  is out and available for purchase now at ---> Stance.com/Rihanna #RihannaRedCarpetBox #MetGala A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Aug 16, 2017 at 10:20am PDT The good news is that Rihanna's holiday collection hasn't sold out just yet; you can shop the Fenty x Stance socks online now at stance.com.
 For the most stylish kids you know.  Holidays are not all about presents—but bestowing the right present upon the little one in your life comes with a certain kind of magic. Are they moon gazers? Ping pongers? Future chefs?  Literary stars in the making? Shop the gifts that keep on giving.  Toddlers and beyond are full on for anything they can push around and store things in—this one also looks very pretty in your house. This little dress is such a charmer—we love how old school and special it feels for Christmas day and beyond. One from the actual sweetest book series... This dapper blazer will be as cute on little boys with khakis as it will be on little girls over mini skirts or jeans. Want to keep a little one occupied for hours? Invest in a chic kitchen. Make them a Fendi lover for life.  Sunday mornings never looked quite so chic. Desmond and Dempsey pajamas, $90, desmondanddempsey.com SHOP NOW This preppy little jacket is one mom might try to squeeze into. Give the gift of reading—either via a single gift box or a subscription based on age and themes. Each one comes with personalized stickers. Literati gift box, app $60, literatibooks.com. SHOP NOW Hang out sets never looked so good. This board is primed for imaginative play—from balancing like a surfboard, to riding cars on it, the options are endless. For the coolest cat you know. Teach your little one about the phases of the moon—and how to build a stack that almost reaches it. For future architects and interior designers alike—this elegant house is pretty to look at and play with. One is never too young for their first driving loafers.  TOD's Baby Blue Junior Gommino Driving Shoes in Suede, $175, tods.com SHOP NOW Cerebelly pouches blend different nutrients to contribute to baby health—based on age and milestone. Consider it tasty science for the littles. Cerebelly pouches, cerebelly.com. SHOP NOW Your childhood bike could never... Winter hats can be as cute and Parisian as the heart desires. For that little one in your life who loves a solid game of dress up. Who knows rain gear better than Burberry? These little rain boots are for everybody. We can just see the incredibly cool game room coming together now around this modern ping pong table.
 This will appeal to your inner child. Moschino has unveiled a collaboration with 80s children's toy brand My Little Pony, which debuted during Milan Fashion Week last night. The kitsch collection—available to buy now—features T-shirts, dresses, knitwear, coats, underwear and swimwear, as well as accessories such as a lunch-box bag and key chain. The famed pony motif adorns most pieces and the range largely comes in shades of bubblegum pink and baby blue. Prices start at $73 for a phone case SHOP, to $1,995 for a pink leather jacket-inspired bag. SHOP Creative director Jeremy Scott's love of pop culture lends itself well to collaborations—he's previously worked with Magnum, Adidas, McDonald's and Santa Cruz Skateboards —but his sense of playfulness and fun have attracted some raised eyebrows in the industry by those who think he's making fun of the fashion world. "I'm just trying to raise a smile," he told us back in June. "Clothes aren't meant to be worshipped at a church altar. I have a different approach to most designers." 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Your new must-have boots are waiting A year-round wardrobe staple, the boot can work through five-course dinner parties just as eloquently as on a crisp autumn stroll around the farmers’ market. And, hey, they're warm.  As utilitarian as it may be, one size does not fit every event. A classic Chelsea can get you far, but the truly style savvy have a toe on the pulse of this season’s freshest trends. For instance, new dimensions enhance the combat boot and its knee-high cousin. Pairing the metallic boot in all its glory with equally statement-making pieces has a surprisingly modern result. Which proves: It’s not just what shoe you have—it’s what you do with it.  Ready to command fall’s biggest boot trends? Here's how. No fall shoe works harder than the ankle boot. A neutral patent iteration instantly dresses up a jeans-and-sweater combo, and adds much-needed edge to sweeter pieces.  This Fendi pair beautifully bridges the textual divide between a structured tweed jacket and an ethereal organza pleated skirt.  Fendi blazer, $4,800, and skirt, $1,790; Celine sunglasses, $460; Vhemier ring, $5,600; Lana Jewelry Gold Braided Hoops, $2,120 This fall’s military-inspired boot isn’t like those of summer musical festivals and outdoor bars. It’s much more involved, serious, and inherently badass. The Prada Lug-Sole Leather Combat Boots are as fierce as they are useful, featuring mini pouches with zip enclosures. If you weren’t ready for the battle that is life, you surely will be in these stompers.  Button up in an army-green belted coat and aviators for good measure. Keep in mind: It’s not Halloween, so avoid going full-costume by offsetting your structural focal points with lighter fabrics, like in a pleated print midi-skirt. Prada jacket, $3,260; Sacai skirt, $1,245; Loewe sunglasses, $430; Repossi ring, $4,750; GU_DE Bag, $710 There was a time when the metallic boot did it all. Alone, it was the beacon of a stunning ensemble (and still is). However, this fall, boots like this gold metallic Gianvito Rossi pair have a profound effect when matched with equally statement-making pieces.  Paired with a multi-print or paisley wrap dress, croc-embossed crossbody, and chain-link earrings—all in the same neutral-metallic tones—the boots become less loud and more modern, enhancing a ’70-esque ensemble rather than outshining the pack. Jonathan Simkhai dress, $795; Dior sunglasses, $375; Vhernier earrings, $4,250; Chloé bag, $1,690  They may exude a cabin-life aesthetic, but glammed-up outdoorsy footwear, like these Christian Louboutin faux fur leather hiking boots, are made for city, suburban, and all-stylish-terrain walking (read: brunching and shopping). The stud trim brings an edge to the traditional hiker boot, allowing you to take it casual with the rest of your outfit.  A luxurious shearling jacket on top of a ribbed turtle- or mock neck and high-rise distressed jeans are all you need. Warm? Cozy? You’re welcome. Bottega Veneta jacket, $6,700; Totême top, $360; Khaite jeans, $380; Anita Ko necklace, $1,575; Fendi Small Catwalk Top Handle bag, $3,390 You could weather the cold months in traditional black knee-high boots, but that would be boring—and you’re not boring. This season, have a lot more fun with your extended footwear in a textured, hued iteration. These Paris Texas knee-high python-embossed leather boots  in dark red may be a statement on their own, but pairing them with a black dress with voluminous sleeves, a matching headband, and a structured geometric handbag, gets you a gothically romantic look that can make any dreary, drab day so much more interesting. Rotate dress, $260; Lele Sadoughi headband, $65; Sydney Evan earrings, $5,370; Saint Laurent bag, $1,550
 Tote-ally worth it.  Summer is in full bloom. Whether you’re getting ready to jet-set across the Atlantic or just trek uptown for a Central Park picnic, this Truss tote is the perfect companion for all your under-the-sun adventures. Featuring new materials and a color weave exclusive to ShopBAZAAR, each piece is handwoven by artisans in Oaxaca and completely malleable, so you can fold it up easily for zero packing stress. Truss bag, $295, shopbazaar.com SHOP Bobbi Brown eyeliner, $32, shopbazaar.com, Rag & Bone tee, $125, shopbazaar.com, Khaite jeans, $340, shopbazaar.com, Thierry Colson coat, $990, shopbazaar.com, Isabel Marant pump, $495, shopbazaar.com, Truss bag, $295, shopbazaar.com, Jacquie Aiche ring, $2,182, shopbazaar.com SHOP Jennifer Behr earrings, $295, shopbazaar.com, Oliver People sunglasses, $495, shopbazaar.com, Borgo De Nor dress, $740, shopbazaar.com, Truss bag, $295, shopbazaar.com, Axel Arigato sneakers, $225, shopbazaar.com, Yves Saint Laurent nail polish, $28, shopbazaar.com, Bobbi Brown lipstick, $29, shopbazaar.com SHOP Le Specs sunglasses, $89, shopbazaar.com, Nili Lotan top, $350, shopbazaar.com, Rosetta Getty trousers, $790, shopbazaar.com, Giorgio Armani illuminator, $62, shopbazaar.com, Le Petite Trou sandals, $270, shopbazaar.com, Truss bag, $295, shopbazaar.com, Rebecca De Ravenel earrings, $345, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 The hottest bags to shop now. Accessories always make for the easiest way to update your look for a new season. And the good news for this spring and summer? The bag trends are anything but boring. From the return of see-through PVC bags to basket bags and artful hoop handles, this season's bags are equal parts playful and chic. Whether you're looking to get in on the logomania craze or you simply want to sail by spending $8 on Amazon, there's a bag for everyone to have fun with this season. Shop the styles that the fashion set currently can't get enough of below.   For the first time since the early 2000s, the clear PVC bag is back. Making for the perfect spring/summer accessory to take you from the beach to the street style scene, what you carry inside  your see-through bag is just as statement-making this season.  Staud bag, $195, bergdorfgoodman.com. SHOP Taking accessories to playful new heights this spring and summer is the tiny beaded bag. Whether done in iridescent, pearlized beads or a playful pop of color, this look feels like a kids' game of dress-up in real life. Topshop bag, $50, topshop.com. SHOP Leave it to influencers to make crocheted net bags typically reserved for carrying fresh produce look like high fashion. The look is getting a stylish makeover this season in bright colors and chic all-black styles, but you can also just shop the net bag for under $10 on Amazon. Mango bag, $20, mango.com. SHOP You've seen the fanny pack take over your Instagram feed as well as the street style scene, but the trend isn't going anywhere just yet. Replacing the classic fanny pack is the ultra-tiny belt bag, a minimal take on the look that still lends an extra factor of cool. See by Chloé bag, $275, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Unconventional handles—namely the round hoop handle—are the perfect way to instantly upgrade your look this spring. From tiny handhelds to larger cary-all totes, the hoop handle comes in many forms this season—each proving to be an art-inspired way to top off your outfit.  Simon Miller bag, $390, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Once again, Jane Birkin's signature bag is getting a modernized makeover. From circle bags to leather detailing and full-on bucket styles, there's an updated basket bag for every look this season. Expect this trend to fully take over Instagram for the second summer in a row.  Kayu bag, $205, revolve.com. SHOP From the runways to the latest celebrity looks, logomania is back in full force. Designer logos taking us back to the early aughts are sure to be everywhere this season—especially when it comes to your handbag of choice. Fendi bag, $2,390, farfetch.com. SHOP
 Step outside your comfort zone this season.  With just one week left of winter, chances are you're probably hitting that point in the season where you've developed a serious case of "nothing to wear" syndrome. Snap out of your style rut and say hello to spring by welcoming some new outfit formulas into your wardrobe. Taking notes from the street style scene at Paris Fashion Week, these are the looks to try now—from utility jumpsuits to rainbow-hued pieces and beyond.  A utility jumpsuit makes for an unexpectedly stylish all-in-one look to try this season.  Isolda jumpsuit, $589, farfetch.com. SHOP Floral dresses may always be a win for spring, but a matching two-piece set takes the print to the new territory. ASOS floral co-ord, $58, asos.com. SHOP A white moto jacket makes for a fresh way to brighten up your transitional wardrobe. (A pair of statement-making snakeskin boots doesn't hurt either.)  Genuine People jacket, $120, genuine-people.com. SHOP Ditch your winter blues once and for all with a kaleidoscope of color in the form of a rainbow striped sweater.  Alberta Ferretti sweater, $535, farfetch.com. SHOP Put a twist on the classic denim jacket with a long style that feels equal parts fresh and cool. Gap denim jacket, $98, gap.com. SHOP Chances are you've probably spent a majority of the winter dressing in all black. What better way to welcome warm weather than by adding pretty shades of pink and purple to your closet? Pick your favorite on the color wheel and go for a piece that will really pop—whether in the form of a fuchsia duster jacket or a pair of lavender wide-leg pants.  Staud pants, $235, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Good news for your dad: his favorite sneakers are finally cool—the clunkier looking, the better. Go for the full-on look by styling them with a suit and dad hat.   Ash sneakers, $279, ash.com. SHOP From deconstructed silhouettes to unexpected fabrics and patterns, the classic trench is getting an upgrade this spring. Top off your look with a colorful iteration of the jacket for an unexpected twist.  Burberry trench, $2,792, farfetch.com. SHOP Get a head start on the cowboy trend spotted on the Fall 2018 runways with a Western-inspired belt and some fringe detailing.  Topshop belt, $30, topshop.com. SHOP Stand 0ut from the masses in bold, eye-catching red pants sure to liven up any look this season. Alice + Olivia pants, $295, aliceandolivia.com.  SHOP
 Tyler Joe snaps the winning street style looks.  Photographer Tyler Joe is taking to the streets to spotlight the coolest style off the runways at New York Fashion Week. Follow along as we track the best of the street style scene.  Caroline Daur and Helena Bordon in I.Am.Gia Aemilia Madden  Aleali May Nausheen Shah Leandra Medine Sarah Bahbah Bazaar's Chrissy Rutherford in Solace London Michael Kors  Teddy Quinlivan Adwoa Aboah Jan Quammie Camila Coelho Gabby Prescod in Bally Chloe King Dani Stahl Caroline Daur Bazaar's Chrissy Rutherford and Kerry Pieri in Altuzarra  Leaf Greener Tiffany Hshu in Balenciaga pants Justine Carreon
  Ski wear reaches new levels of cool.   
  Who said ski wear can’t make a statement? Leave the bland parkas and unbecoming snow pants behind, and trade them in for pants and coats that feel more couture than casual. After all, we've seen sturdy cold weather apparel receive a marvelous makeover in contemporary fashion, so keeping warm while looking chic is an easy feat. The traditional après ski look, while sophisticated, isn't necessarily the most daring, so why not live a little bit on the edge with pieces that imbue a bold, more fashion-forward vibe? Case in point: 3 Moncler Grenoble's new collection of exciting and directional ski wear.  This season, designer Sandro Mandrino elevated the collection to a conceptual level that sat above even the atmospheric by injecting the spirit of 1969 into every single piece. Think: Colors, patterns, and unexpected details perfect for anyone but timid ski bunnies. Only the boldest and most adventurous statement-makers need apply.    Jumpsuit, Padded Shirt, Ski Goggles, Silk Foulard, and Gloves by 3 Moncler Grenoble    Orbeillaz Jacket, Jumpsuit, Printed Scarf, and Ski Goggles by 3 Moncler Grenoble  FROM LEFT: Orbeillaz Jacket, Jumpsuit, and Silk Foulard by 3 Moncler Grenoble; Gardena Jacket, Jumpsuit, Snow Boots, and Ski Goggles by 3 Moncler Grenoble 
 New Bottega is the new Old Céline.  Nostalgia has been dominating fashion's biggest trends over the past two years. In fact, fashion's longing for the past ran so deep it sparked an entire Old Céline movement spearheaded by an Instagram account paying homage to the brand's look under former creative director Phoebe Philo. Now, a new Instagram account, @newbottega, inspired by Bottega Veneta's new creative director, finally has the fashion set looking forward instead of back.  You've likely already seen the square-toed sandals and buttery leather bags on your feeds. The crop of lust-worthy accessories is ushering in a new era of Bottega Veneta under the reins of Daniel Lee, who was appointed the brand's creative director last year. His debut fall collection has already been widely embraced by top fashion influencers, models, and even its own fan account that's quickly gaining momentum on Instagram.    The distinctive square-toe designs are officially making the once-taboo shoe shape cool again. From pillowy quilted mule heels to strappy thong sandals and sleek leather, the minimal footwear feels both fresh and unexpectedly elegant. The see-through netted pumps feature a gold chain, combining the anklet trend with a shoe style once reserved for the office only—a formula fashion girls have unsurprisingly already obsessed over. As for Lee's mark on Bottega's bags, he is bringing forth a new vision of luxury and elegance mixed with a touch of cool. Smooth as butter, the leather designs range from quilted shoulder bags to minimal and structured work totes that are anything but boring. Other standouts include slouchy clutches (a.k.a. mini clouds for you to carry) and modern bucket bags complete with oversize chain links.    It's no surprise to learn that Lee, whose vision is already shaping trends both on Instagram and IRL, previously worked at Celine under Phoebe Philo (like I said, New Bottega is the new Old Céline). But could Bottega's new era of accessories be enough for fashion to finally move on from its infatuation with ultra-tiny micro bags and '90s throwbacks? If @newbottega's increasing following has anything to say, they will. 
 “When the government fails, I want you to commit to standing with the women who need to be heard, deserve to be heard, and have the right to be heard.” Last night, Diane von Furstenberg hosted the 10th Annual DVF Awards, in which she honored five women making extraordinary change across the world. Included amongst the group of trailblazing women honored this year was Anita Hill, who was awarded the Lifetime Leadership Award, and Katy Perry, who received the Inspiration Award.  Professor Hill, who took home the big award of the evening, was introduced and presented the honor by Gloria Steinem. Currently a professor of social policy, law, and women’s studies at Brandeis University, Hill was recognized for her years of work fighting for race and gender equality, along with sexual harassment. Accepting the Lifetime Leadership Award, Hill delivered a powerful speech and call to action. "I know that most of you first came to know me in 1991. No one would have predicted 28 years ago that I would still be here. The due process is designed to make women like myself disappear,” Hill said. "I believe that advocating for equality is a noble endeavor and I also believe that, unfortunately today, the high price of demand for equality all too often falls on the most vulnerable."  Closing the night out, she ended her speech with a powerful call-to-action. “When the government fails, I want you to commit to standing with the women who need to be heard, deserve to be heard and have the right to be heard,” she said.  Taking home the Inspiration Award, Katy Perry was honored for her work with UNICEF as well as her voice within the LGBTQ community. After being presented the award by Arianna Huffington, the singer declared, "intersectional feminism is the only kind of feminism.” Alongside Hill and Perry, this year's other DVF Awards went to Susan Burton, Nadia Murad, and Hadeel Mustafa Anabtawi. Burton, who founded A New Way of Life Reentry Project, an organization in South Los Angeles that provides housing, employment assistance, legal services, and leadership development to women rebuilding their lives after incarceration, won the People's Voice Award.    The DVF International Award was given to two recipients this year: Nadia Murad and Hadeel Mustafa Anabtawi. Murad was recognized for her work advocating for survivors of genocide and sexual violence in her homeland of Iraq after attacks on the Yazidi people. Mustafa Anabtawi received the honor for founding The Alchemist Lab, an educational center offering children in cities, remote villages, and refugee camps additional skills to help with their education, developmental needs, and confidence. 
 Dive right in...  Cult Gaia first made retail waves with its Gaia's Ark bag, a beachy-bamboo design that quickly put the brand on the fashion map. Ready-to-wear and shoes soon followed, as well as statement jewelry, all created with the same bold, slightly-retro, cool-girl approach to style. These are not clothes and accessories for shrinking daisies.   Next up for the Insta-friendly brand? Swimwear, of course—the first full collection from the label after doing a collaboration in the space. And minimal black one-pieces these are not. Instead, designer Jasmine Larian is going all in on bright, sculptural bikinis and one-pieces, which just launched on cultgaia.com. Below, hear from Larian on why it was time for bathing suits, what inspired her, and which icon she'd love to see wear the pool-ready pieces.  Everyone kept asking us and it became hard to ignore. Everything I’ve done for this brand has been super-organic and there’s never been a true rhyme or reason..it has always just been when I feel it's right and when everything falls into place. Resort is also my favorite season because it feels very wanderlust. I also have the longest time to concept and design the collection. Serendipity. I started designing swim that ties back to our ready-to-wear because I love keeping a lot of our styles sheer and use it as a layering piece so the clothing has more end uses. l have always been the person that buys the cover-up to wear with jeans and at the beach so that’s how this collection really came to be. I also think our visual language aesthetic has evolved and so much of our hardware and accessories design lends itself to elements that look so beautiful in our swimwear. Like the amorphous faux tortoise and brass rings that we used as a detail and the clear straps that make it look like the bikini is suspended on the body. I imagined a modern goddess woman went back in time to 60s poolside parties and what she’d be wearing. We also derived a lot of inspiration from the brand itself and made sure that every fabrication looked almost iridescent in a non-obvious way under the warm sun.  It was also important to me to make the collection super wearable and accessible. I used the most flattering and classic shapes and added strong details without it feeling over-designed and overdone.  My friends. In a fantasy world...Monica Belucci, Sofia Loren, Monica Vitti all captured in old school Italian paparazzi.
 Keep your cool in the summer's chicest shorts looks... A great cotton white short will take you stylish miles—as evidenced by the ultimate icon, Audrey Hepburn, who pairs hers with a plaid button-down. Chloe shorts, $950, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW While the biker short trend can feel, ahem, questionable, Hadid ups the classy factor here by pairing hers with a wide-lapel jacket and a jaunty beret. asos shorts, $23, asos.com. SHOP NOW The always-stylish actress was Ivy-League ready on top, party on the bottom in this playful look. Frame shorts, $220, matchesfashion. SHOP NOW This Kendall Jenner look has become a summer staple. Take her white shorts one step further by pairing them with a matching cropped jacket. Solid & Striped x RE/DONE jacket, $315, and shorts, $178, solidandstriped.com.  SHOP NOW Fitted, long denim shorts are just the thing for ladies who love the look of a jean cut-off, but like to show a little less. Take note from the French ingenue and pair with a fitted knit—knee socks optional. AG jean shorts, $178, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Dress up your colorful shorts like Hailey Baldwin and pair them with a blazer for an unexpected approach to evening.  Double Rainbouu shorts, $175, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Does it get any cooler than a menswear button-down, leather shorts, sneakers and a clean white bag? We—and Karolina Kurkova—think not. Rag & Bone/jeans shorts, $398, intermixonline.com. SHOP Still the reigning queen of festival style, this Kate Moss look leverages Hunter boots and ultra-short rolled shorts for the ultimate muddy summer ensemble. We can almost hear the band. Levi's shorts, $50, levi.com. SHOP NOW An edgier update to Bardot's shorts, this very Kim K ensemble also includes a bodysuit and bomber jacket.  Gap shorts, $38, gap.com. SHOP This Olivia Palermo look can basically be considered a classic at this point. Statement leopard shorts are just the thing to dress up or down all summer long.  Valentino shorts, $1,250, matchesfashion.com. SHOP
 She might literally be wearing 50 different shades of gray. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Zendaya knows how to bring it on a red carpet. And just for the record, sometimes "it" means "literally everything you could ever want in an outfit."  The Euphoria actress turned out for the 2019 ELLE Women in Hollywood celebration at the Beverly Wilshire Four Seasons Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on Monday night, where she was one of the honorees (other women honored at the event this year included Mindy Kaling, Nicole Kidman, and Dolly Parton).  Zendaya's chic, fashion-forward ensemble in shades of gray featured every fashion trick in the book and posed a direct challenge to the belief that there's such a thing as too many accessories for a single outfit.  To recap, Zendaya sported all of the following—at the same time: a blazer, a button-up, a skirt, wide-leg pants, pointed heels, a belt, a choker, a statement ring, and stud earrings. ALL. THE. THINGS.  The 23-year-old actress also gave a heartfelt speech and addressed her awe at being included among the other honorees. We know that everyone suffers from imposter syndrome from time to time, but it's clear from where we're sitting that Zendaya definitely belongs in the group of women breaking glass in Hollywood. 
  It's time to upgrade your basic sports bra and leggings.  Whether you dread working out or not, there’s no doubt that having chic activewear provides a little added motivation to hit the gym. With more and more activewear brands to keep up with, there’s an endless supply of sports bras, leggings, and gym essentials to choose from out there. We narrowed down the most stylish, lesser-known activewear brands that you may not have tried yet. Get ready to sweat in style…  This LA-based label has mastered the art of chic, monochromatic workout separates that channel the '90s. Aside from its predominantly under $100 price point, the brand's ribbed sports bra styles also make them stand out from the activewear pack.  There's a reason this brand is a favorite amongst both yoga fiends and celebrities alike. From seamless pieces to cool cutouts and technical leggings, Alala offers up chic designs that don't sacrifice comfort. You can also customize your own leggings, choosing everything from the color to the panels down to a personalized monogram.  Koral's gym gear is meant for the woman who loves fashion just as much as she loves to sweat. With faux leather workout pants, mesh tops, and on-trend bike shorts, Koral will land you on the best dressed list at the gym (which is, of course, just as important as the workout itself). For those who'd rather skip all the skin-tight leggings and bike shorts, Free People Movement's collection boasts a range of flowy pieces ideal for yoga and dance workouts (or a lazy grocery store run). For die-hard legging fans, the brand still has all the essentials in a range of fun colors.  Chances are you've already scrolled through people wearing Outdoor Voices on your Instagram feed—and for good reason. Whether you're hitting the gym or simply running errands, the brand's activewear is made from ultra-soft fabrics that offer support without feeling too constricting.  Whether you're in the market for a sports bra and yoga pants set or an athleisure take on wide-leg pants, windbreakers, and hoodies, this brand is one to know. Featuring bold colors, geometric shapes, and fashion-forward silhouettes, P.E Nation is a mashup of '90s gym class meets city girl.   This rising sustainable brand is made entirely from upcycled textiles, natural dyes, and organic yarns. From workout-friendly halter tops (which is a thing we never knew we needed) to '90s-inspired sets, Nagnata is sure to be a favorite amongst all fashion girls.  If you're a fan of Khloe Kardashian and Emma Grede's Good American jeans, you'll love the brand's foray into activewear. The collection, which is available in sizes 0 - 4X, boasts an array of matching workout sets ranging from leopard to camo and all black designs. There are also long-sleeve performance wear designs for those looking for more coverage and support during your workout.  Whether you're looking for leggings at every length, track pants, outerwear, or the perfect sports bra, this UK-based brand has it all—and done in the clean, minimal designs.  This yoga brand not only has ultra-comfy leggings and sports bras, it also boasts some good outerwear options that are ideal for throwing on to go to the gym or a workout class.  From colorful leggings to cozy après ski looks, Tory Burch's venture into the activewear world is just as chic as you'd expect it to be. The brand's roster of colorful seamless sports bras are good, but the knitwear and down jackets will have you wanting to book a winter getaway to Aspen ASAP (much better than a SoulCycle session).  Carbon38's site features its own activewear label along with a wide array of other fitness brands. Whether you're looking for outfits suited for dance class, ski gear or swimwear, the site offers a little bit of everything. The brand also frequently collaborates with designers and up-and-coming activewear brands for capsule collections. The latest: a collaboration with Cushnie that will make any fashion girl swoon. Three words: bum-sculpting leggings. The London-based brand has mastered the art of lifting and sculpting leggings that flatter every figure. From classic black to colorful prints and mesh cutouts, you'll want to wear these leggings well beyond your workout.  You'll want to wear Celestine's activewear well beyond the gym. The brand's subtle details—from ruffle trim to lace-up accents—make it anything but boring or basic.  For those who need help improving posture, this newly-launched activewear brand uses a fabric technology called Posture, Performance and Recovery (PPR) to actively correct the wearer's stance. The posture-correcting products include a range of sports bras, T-shirts, and leggings that will actively improve your posture as you wear them.  Varley's workout attire may be on-trend (from marble to animal print pieces), but it's also made using performance technology meant to enhance your movement during a workout. The LA and London-based brand has a variety of coordinating sports bra and legging sets to mix and match. This Australian brand has mastered incorporating florals, patterns, prints and plenty of color into its athleisure. Since its launch, The Upside has racked up A-list support from street style stars like Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Hailey Baldwin and Kim K. Along with the standard sports bras, leggings and workout tees, the brand also has a collection of swimwear that will make you look like an Aussie native. Model Candice Huffine launched her own activewear brand for all body sizes and types last year. Dubbed "Day/Won," the up-and-coming label offers up workout apparel  in sizes XS - 5X (and 0 - 32). Along with its empowering graphic tees and pieces, you can also customize leggings with your own workout mantra down the leg.  Founded by former model Tatiana Korsakova, Vaara offers a stylized edit of leotards, color-blocked sports bras, cozy sweatshirts, and jersey tops you can wear for working out or lounging. 
 Raising the bar on mother-daughter dressing 🔥 The latest campaign from Ashley Graham's ongoing partnership with Swimsuits for All is here and it co-stars the woman who taught the model body positivity first: her mother.  Taking mother-daughter dressing to new heights, Ashley and her mom Linda Graham appear alongside one another wearing bikinis, one-pieces, and cover-ups from the swim brand's latest limited-edition capsule with Graham. The body positive campaign starring the mom and daughter duo was shot on location in Morocco and is aptly titled "Power of the Journey."  Ashley Graham x Swimsuits for All one-piece (on Ashley), $76, SHOP "My mom has been my role model since childhood and has played a vital role in developing my confidence. She promoted body positivity in our household before it was a movement. Her feel-good attitude toward her own body has shaped my ability to remain positive and self-assured. I could not think of anyone better to join me in celebrating beauty of all shapes and sizes in this campaign. Plus, she's hot and looks incredible in the suits," Ashley Graham said in a statement from the brand.  Ashley Graham x Swimsuits for All one-piece, $76, SHOP "I haven't worn a bikini since the 80s!" said Linda Graham in a release from the brand, "I don't think I could have uncovered that inner strength without Ashley. That makes being a part of this campaign so much more special – she's my rock and inspired me at age 53 to be proud of my body again after I lost my own fortitude." Ashley Graham x Swimsuits for All bikini (on Linda Graham), $71, and one-piece (on Ashley Graham), $76, SHOP Available to shop starting today, the 13-piece collection marks the fifth collaboration between the model and the swim brand. Each piece in the collection is available in sizes 4 - 22 with prices ranging from $102-$108 (though most of the collection is currently marked down for a special promotion).  Shop the full Ashley Graham x Swimsuits For All Resort 2018 collection is now at swimsuitsforall.com. 
 The legendary footwear designer opens up about his new documentary, Rihanna, comfy shoes, and more. Manolo Blahnik has always beat to the sound of his own drum. He is one of fashion's best-loved, most influential designers―and also the greatest shoe-maker of the 20th Century. He has an incredible interest in the world and people, a pre-requisite for any truly brilliant designer, and a cultural literacy that has never waned over his 74 years. Blahnik has never followed fashion trends. He makes beautifully feminine, comfortable shoes characterized by their elegant shape and delicate embroidery. With all this in mind, it comes as no surprise that he's the subject of a new documentary entitled Manolo: The Boy Who Makes Shoes For Lizards – a reference to his original clientele caught in his mother's back garden in the Canary Islands. "To tell you the truth, I haven't thought about it," he says when asked what he hopes people will learn from the documentary. "I couldn't care less about what people think about me. When you reach a certain age, you don't give a damn. I'm an old boy now. That's the truth. Reputation, fame and being well-known, those things never entered my head. As long as I don't kill people, then I'm happy with anything." Although he says he doesn't care what people think, he does very much care about how he looks – and, if truth to be told, he's not thrilled with how he comes across in the documentary, which was created by Michael Roberts. "I would have loved not to have been pictured in it," he says. "I broke my diaphragm after I fell over in my house, and the only way of treating it was with a course of cortisone and, well, I became huge. Each ankle was like a column. The neck was like somebody's whole face. "I wanted to be photographed just from the back, which Robert said he'd do, but it is what it is. I'm not happy with seeing myself on the screen. It makes me vomit. I don't want to see my stupid face again," he says dramatically before laughing loudly.  Whether he wants to see his face again or not, lots of other people do. Style icons and fashion's most zeitgeist brands want to work with him. Case in point is his collaboration with Rihanna, which has resulted in three collections. "I adore her movement," he says. "Her every movement encapsulates all her Bayan culture and that's what captivated me about her. That and her beautiful eyes. But you know, I can't work with everybody. We've done the last collection now and I said to her, 'goodbye my dear darling. That's it. I'm tired.' For the time being, it's over. I can't cope with it all. I'm not a spring baby anymore." He says this but you just know he won't book a holiday, wear a pair of flip-flops (which, incidentally, he's not adverse to) and spend a week doing nothing. "I'm very impatient and I'm not relaxed at all," he says. "In fact, I'm very nervous. I always have been and I always will." His nervous disposition aside, Blahnik is too curious about the world to sit still for long; he's too excited by new ideas and originality. Last season, he was approached by Vetements to work together and couldn't turn it down. Interestingly enough, the label known for its extreme proportions asked Blahnik to dial down his ideas. "Last year, they were doing very exciting things," he says. "I loved what they were doing at Balenciaga - they brought a new philosophy to the shoes. It was beautiful and exaggerated. I wanted to do boots that came up to the bosoms of the girls, but we had to move it down a little because it wasn't very comfortable. If they're given the chance to expand, they're going to be extraordinarily successful. I saw two dresses that John [Galliano] designed for Margiela this weekend and they were divine. Hope is not lost for beautiful clothes." He's quite right – and such beauty is even more readily available with the speed of the high street and its designer replicates. Does he ever get aggrieved with the many, many high-street homages of his best-known designs? "I don't care anymore," he says quickly. "Sometimes it's complimentary, but when they're too similar that upsets me. Two years ago, a woman came up to me in Milan and said, 'Do you like my Manolos?' 'I said, well yes I do but these are not Manolos. These are a rip-off.' She took the shoe off and it turned out that they really were authentic Manolos. That's how similar copies have become – sometimes I can't tell the difference. Also, they can never replicate the quality." Part of the myth surrounding Manolo is his appearance. You can't imagine him wearing jeans and a T-shirt, nor being unshaven. He looks exactly how you imagine him to, polished in a well-tailored colourful suit, hair combed neatly to one side and a perfect pair of classic shoes. "I was born with this mentality since a child," he said. "Maintenance is important even when you're busy. In the morning I have a quick shower, then a shower at night. There's never a big effort – I've never tried to be polished. If you have an old suit that's many years old, you must send it to the cleaners every two weeks or so. That's what you have to do. People have to pay more attention." "I'm a terrible person to be with and to work with" Blahnik has a lot of energy, which he attests to his mother who he says "was always moving, here, there and everywhere and always in kitten heels." Although he claims his life is "terribly boring" – ("all I do is studio, work, manufacture, work, home, read, bed, boom") – he talks at breakneck speed with an insightful knowledge in everything. The designer also says he's a nightmare to work with – even David Bailey, who shot him as the first ever man to cover Vogue, described him as difficult. "I'm a terrible person to be with and to work with," he says. "I'm a perfectionist and in this world, that can be a hindrance rather than an advantage. People want everything so quickly. But for my customers, I insist on making sure something that is well done and that will last." The luxury shoe world is a busy market, but what sets Blahnik apart, what has made him a household name above all others, is the timelessness of his designs and the comfort of his shoes. "It's paramount," he says. "If they're not comfortable don't buy them or throw them away. I'm pleased to hear it when women say they buy our shoes again and again because they're comfortable. Do you know what I hate? Those very tall platform hooker shoes. They're finished now, but I've seen so many." Blahnik describes himself as an optimist – and it's an ethos that translates to his often eccentric, decorative designs. "Even in these hard times, which is not easy anywhere, you have to be positive because you have to be," he says firmly. "Every day is a new day. Even in the face of the most horrific tragedy, you have to think up. What other choice is there?" Long live the king of shoes. Manolo: the Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards is out now. theaters 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 This is taking mini-me dressing to a whole new level. For many women, investing in a set of Christian Louboutin shoes represents the height of luxury. A pair of the red-soled pumps will set you back hundreds of dollars, though the price tag has only made the designer shoe all the more desirable.  Now, in news that will delight Louboutin fans worldwide, the brand has announced that it's branching out into making teeny tiny versions of their favorites.    Yes, in collaboration with Goop, Christian Louboutin is set to launch its first range of baby shoes in November. The adorably named Loubibaby collection includes red, blue, pink and gold Mary Janes. Each shoe features a handmade ribbon bow, the brand's signature red sole, and is guaranteed to turn any child into the chicest baby on the block.  The baby shoes will retail for $250 USD, and be available exclusively on Goop from November 16. 
  Original Source: Harper's Bazaar AU
 It's a stylish-girl go-to, and your perfect spring addition. One quick swipe through your Insta-feed will prove our fashion thesis correct—the statement white blouse is the it item to wear (and selfie). Some girls go for cropped versions, some embrace lace, others keep it simple and streamlined in bold-shouldered poplin. See how to wear it—and shop the chicest options now. Emily Ratajkowski makes the case for the poplin top as sultry-staple in Jacquemus. Pants are, apparently, optional. Jacquemus top, $491, mytheresa.com. SHOP Wrap detail at the waist makes this statement top endlessly flattering. Beaufille top, $415, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Skip the frilly skirt and pair this corset top with distressed denim for a lesson in contrast. BreeLayne top, $475, www.breelayne.com. Askew buttons and a puff sleeve mean this top has a lot going on—but Blanca Mira wears it with ease and elegance, paired with a green silk skirt.  A.W.A.K.E. top, $625, shopbop.com. SHOP Sometimes bigger truly is better. Caroline Constas top, $395, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A short sleeve and cinched waist bring the look into warm weather—wear it with denim cut-offs and leather slides. Khaite blouse, $480, net-a-porter.com. SHOP This look has shades of old school Jane Birkin, done up in crochet lace. Zimmermann top, $350, mytheresa.com. SHOP This ultra-pretty shirt can work for evening with a silk maxi skirt, or hit your favorite brunch spot worn with wide-leg jeans. Macgraw shirt, $542,farfetch.com. SHOP We adore a little smocking detail, don't you? La Vie top, $225, rebeccataylor.com. SHOP This Insta-first brand has taken the style set by storm one perfect white top at a time. SHOP Borrow the best parts of a great men's shirt and then make it better. Tibi top, $375, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Toss this one on over a bikini at the beach, stress free. H&M; top, $18, hm.com. SHOP
 Tracking the best celebrity looks to shop under $250.  While it's easy to dress straight from the latest runways when you're a celebrity, these A-Listers prove it's still possible (and just as easy) to look chic in budget-friendly fashion. Click through to shop the latest celebrity looks, all for under $250, that won't break the bank. Who: Lupita Nyong'o Affordable Fashion Find: Aldo platform heels, $45, aldoshoes.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: The ultimate mix of high-low, Lupita topped off her Calvin Klein by Appointment gown and Bvlgari jewelry at the Golden Globes with an affordable pair of platform heels by Aldo. And the best part? They're currently 50% off on sale. Who: Judy Greer Affordable Fashion Find: Cos shirt, $69, cosstores.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Giving us another high-low red carpet fashion moment at the Globes, the actress styled a $69 white button-down shirt with her Alberta Ferretti suit.  Who: Emily Ratajkowski Affordable Fashion Find: Levi's oversized sherpa trucker jacket, $148, levis.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Putting a twist on the classic denim jacket, this winter-friendly iteration is lined in sherpa, making it ideal for keeping warm. So warm, in fact, that EmRata didn't even need a pair of pants while wearing it out during a shopping trip at UGG.  Who: Alessandra Ambrosio Affordable Fashion Find: Koral high-rise leggings, $71, koral.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Just in time to stock up on the activewear to help us stick to our New Year resolutions, the model stepped out in a chic striped pair of Koral leggings that work for the gym or a day of running errands.  Who: Hailey Baldwin Affordable Fashion Find: Levi's denim jacket, $168, levis.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Not only does the model's fur-collared jacket make for the perfect fall piece, it's also an ideal way to show off a new last name (ahem, Mrs. Bieber).  Who: Gigi Hadid Affordable Fashion Find: American Eagle mom jeans, $39, ae.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Arriving to the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, the model made us all want a part of these insanely affordable high-waisted mom jeans.  Who: Taylor Hill Affordable Fashion Find: Reformation x La Ligne striped sweater, $225, thereformation.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: While en route to Victoria's Secret Fashion Show fittings, the model donned Reformation and La Ligne's must-have sweater collaboration in cozy blue stripes.  Who: Hailey Baldwin Affordable Fashion Find: Aritzia sweater, $110, aritzia.com. SHOP NOW Aritzia track pants, $88, aritzia.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: The model unexpectedly styled a cropped sweater with a pair of swishy track pants for a look that's not only travel-friendly, but also affordable.  Who: Vanessa Hudgens Affordable Fashion Find: Ugg Over-The-Knee boots, $190, ugg.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Giving their classic boot an update, Ugg's over-the-knee style makes for a chic boot that you can rock day or night, while still remaining the most cozy woman in the room.  Who: Angelina Jolie Affordable Fashion Find: Everlane modern loafers, $168, everlane.com. SHOP NOWWhy We Love It: These chic loafers are the perfect shoe to take you from the office into the weekend, and even to the airport. Who: Queen Letizia Affordable Fashion Find: Steve Madden 'Plaza' heels, $121, yoox.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Proving that not even royals can resist a good fashion deal, Queen Letizia of Spain accessorized her skirt suit with a pair of Steve Madden pumps featuring an on-trend PVC strap.  Who: Cleo Wade Affordable Fashion Finds: Lou & Grey front-tie shirt, $69, louandgrey.com. SHOP NOW Lou & Grey sweater, $69, louandgrey.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: While giving an empowering talk at Lou & Grey x OKREAL, the inspiring poet looked equally cozy and chic in two classic wardrobe essentials from the brand.  Who: Kendall Jenner Affordable Fashion Finds: American Eagle denim crop top, $35, ae.com. SHOP NOW American Eagle denim scrunchie, 3 for $10, ae.com. SHOP NOW American Eagle jeans, $50, ae.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Opting for a full-on denim look (matching denim scrunchie included), the model made American Eagle's under-$50 pieces look like high fashion.  Who: Sasha Lane Affordable Fashion Find: Ugg furry slides, $100, ugg.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Ugg's fluffy slides win at both comfort and playfulness. Plus, they make for a truly unexpected way to top off any outfit.  Who: Gigi Hadid Affordable Fashion Find: Storets jacket, $89, storets.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Serving as a welcome alternative to summer's go-to denim jacket, Gigi's hot pink Storets find is a good layering piece to liven up your wardrobe.  Who: Dakota Fanning Affordable Fashion Find: B Collection by Bobeau wrap dress, $98, bobeau.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: From work to the weekend, Fanning's polka dot wrap dress makes for the perfect everyday summer look at just under $100.  Who: Sienna Miller Affordable Fashion Find: H&M dress, $40, hm.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: An easy-to-wear summer find, Miller’s gingham H&M dress will carry you throughout the season without breaking the bank.  Who: Amber Heard Affordable Fashion Finds: Alice + Olivia slip tank, $195, aliceandolivia.com. SHOP NOW AO.LA by alice + olivia jeans, $225, aliceandolivia.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Proving the power of classic black and white wardrobe essentials, Amber Heard's silky slip tank and skinny jeans make for the perfect elevated basics whether worn alone or under a statement-making jacket.  Who: Logan Browning Affordable Fashion Find: ASOS blazer, $83, asos.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Opting for one of summer's hottest colors, the actress wore a bright and sunny ASOS blazer as a dress. Adorned with a touch of ruffle and two black buttons, the statement-piece works for both day or night and will instantly brighten your summer wardrobe to the next level.  Who: Sienna Miller Affordable Fashion Find: B Collection by Bobeau jumpsuit, $78, bobeau.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: The actress' knit jumpsuit makes for the perfect lounge-friendly piece that still feels pulled together for a day out.  Who: Bella Hadid Affordable Fashion Find: BaubleBar lucite hoop earrings, $38, baublebar.com. SHOP NOW Why We Love It: Just in time for summer, hoop earrings are getting a fresh makeover in the form of lucite and resin designs. Opting for a clear lucite pair, Bella let the trend fully shine by pulling her hair back into a low ponytail. Who: Cardi B Affordable Fashion Find: Fashion Nova dress, $23, fashionnova.com. SHOP Why We Love It: The rapper could buy designer, but this Fashion Nova fit—and it also makes for a sleek maternity dress at just $23.  Instagram via @iamcardib Who: Kylie Jenner Affordable Fashion Find: Aritiza tube top, $50, aritizia.com. SHOP Why We Love It: Proving the tube top is back in all its '90s and early 2000s glory, Kylie Jenner layered a ribbed strapless top under a button-down shirt for a fresh take on the throwback trend.  Who: Hailey Baldwin Affordable Fashion Find: Oh Polly mini dress, $70, ohpolly.com. SHOP Why We Love It: The model found the perfect night-out look for Gigi Hadid's 23rd birthday party in this gold sparkling mini dress.  Who: Dakota Fanning Affordable Fashion Find: Reformation dress, $198, the reformation.com. SHOP Why We Love It: Making for the ultimate spring and summer outfit, the actress looked sweet as a cherry in this playful printed Reformation dress.  Who: Rowan Blanchard Affordable Fashion Find: Ugg slides, $130, ugg.com. SHOP Why We Love It: Proving Ugg shoes can be a year-round staple, the actress attended Coachella in the brand's yellow bow tie platform slides. One of the season's hottest color trends, Blanchard's yellow slides make the perfect top-off to any summer look.  Who: Rosie Huntington-Whiteley Affordable Fashion Find: Reformation dress, $118, thereformation.com. SHOP Why We Love It: The model/actress reminded us all the importance of investing in a few classic pieces each season. Accessorizing with a belt bag, rainbow sandals, and layered necklaces, this ribbed Reformation dress can be dressed up à la Rosie HW, or worn with a pair of sneakers for a more casual take. Instagram via @RosieHW Who: Shay Mitchell Affordable Fashion Find: DSTLD blazer dress, $95, dstld.com. SHOP Why We Love It: Whether worn with sneakers or sandals, Mitchell's blazer dress makes for the perfect spring piece to transition your wardrobe into warmer weather. And considering the dress is a classic wardrobe essential, its under $100 price tag makes it all the more worth it.  Instagram via @ShayMitchell Who: Emma Roberts Affordable Fashion Finds: Nine West sandals, $109, ninewest.com  SHOP Zac Posen 'Cooper' sunglasses, $150, baxterandbonny.com. SHOP Why We Love It: Also part of Nine West's 40th anniversary collection: a pair of yellow suede mules. With a square heel and toe, the retro sandal makes for the perfect way to top off a casual sundress and denim jacket look, expertly completed with chic (and affordable) shades, as spotted on Emma Roberts.  Who: Shay Mitchell Affordable Fashion Find: Nine West sandals, $119, ninewest.com. SHOP Why We Love It: For its 40th anniversary, Nine West is going retro with a collection of shoes that will take you back in time. The star item? Square-toed strappy sandals–you know the ones you wore to your middle school dances and prom. Celebrities like Shay Mitchell, Emma Roberts, and Olivia Culpo can't get enough of the look. And at under $150, the throwback style is affordable for all of us to try this season. 
 These girls go beyond the fringe factor... Coachella has become shorthand for flower crowns, fringe and boho-gone-bad, but these ladies prove that there is still stellar style to be had during festival season. See who got it right and shop the looks. Emily Ratajkowski and Elsa Hosk bring the LWD to the pool party and make it look cool but casual but cool. Ladylike handbags are the perfect modern swap for suede fringe bags. Shop it: Lacausa tunic, $154, lacausa.com. SHOP While this skirt could become office appropriate, it's desert-worthy paired with bold red accessories and a coordinated bra top. Shop it: Rixo London skirt, $278, farfetch.com. SHOP Get some short shorts with attitude like Evangelie, who isn't afraid to wear black in the desert. Shop it: 3.1 Phillip Lim shorts, $795, fwrd.com. SHOP This mini matching set takes crochet into current territory on the always-stunning Jasmine Sanders. Bold coordinated earrings up the wow factor. Shop it: She Made Me top, $250, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Elsa Hosk brought so many looks to Coachella she made this list twice, but there's no ignoring her major wide leg jeans. '90s ravers called and they want their pants back, but they can't have them. Shop it: Ganni jeans, $395 , net-a-porter.com. SHOP Logo tees are here to stay and the one to have right now is all about vintage Versace. Wear it with a shorts suit like Shea Marie. Shop it: Versace t-shirt, $350, mytheresa.com. SHOP Proving the reigning white top of Instagram has legs on the festival circuit is celeb influencer Aimee Song. She pairs hers with pink kicks for added fun. Shop it: Capulet top, $88, revolve.com. SHOP Gigi Hadid skipped the cowboy boots, sandals and trainers in favor of white lug sole boots with attitude—paired with a She Made Me swim suit and white shorts. Shop it: Both boots, $408, farfetch.com. SHOP A smart jacket gets new life when it's paired with denim and an edgy black tee a la Caroline Daur. Shop It: Storets jacket, $152, storets.com. SHOP Skip the boho in favor or western-wear like Danielle Bernstein in Caroline Constas. Shop it: Caroline Constas top, $420, carolineconstas.com. SHOP Bella Hadid rocks a scrunchie and micro sunnies like a rock star—and sells the look. Shop it: Le Specs sunglasses, $70, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Kate Bosworth brings prairie chic to the land of mini dresses, making for an elegant—and unexpected—juxtaposition. Shop it: LoveShackFancy dress, $475, modaoperandi.com. SHOP Proving sometimes a great pair of denim cut-offs make for the perfect less-is-more approach is the reigning queen of Coachella—and quite possibly the world—Beyonce. Shop it: Alexander Wang shorts, $200, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 Rihanna has started following him on Instagram! Leon Dame has officially delivered the runway version of a Rorschach test. No matter what you see in the model's walk at Margiela's spring 2020 show at Paris Fashion Week, it's certainly... a lot. It all started on Wednesday when the 20-year-old German model closed out the show, clad in a military-inspired look and ready to strut. In video of his journey down the stage, he seems to clamor onto the runway with a slightly hunched posture and a look that could kill. He defiantly stomps down the stage as onlookers capture the moment. He erratically poses, he gallops at one point (??). Another model walks by, appearing intense but nowhere near Dame's level of commitment. Dare I say a model has never been able to look like he could stumble at any moment and still be totally in control?   Closing Maison Margiela SS20 🖤  @maisonmargiela @jgalliano @lexyroche @katy_england @pat_boguslawski @eugenesouleiman @patmcgrathreal @jesshallettcast  Thank you!! Xx A post shared by  Leon Dame (@leondame) on Sep 25, 2019 at 7:25am PDT  Dame has also graced runways this season for Gucci, Valentino, Alexander McQueen, and Burberry. He even walked last season's Maison Margiela show, so it's likely that creative director John Galliano was inspired by his singular style.  As Dame's walk made its way to Twitter, it became clear that it would be divisive. Some embraced his unorthodox gait as innovative. Others branded it as ahead of its time. Like most revolutionaries, his big break garnered mixed reviews. But, above all, Dame made a mark on Rihanna—as the singer just recently began following him on Instagram. Here, a collection of reactions to his rule-breaking fashion week showing. wednesday mood: leon dame walking for maison margiela ss20 pic.twitter.com/SOuCuYZKTs Just f***ing brilliant! Like a brash, baby giraffe leaving FABRIC at 7 am on a Sunday morning... I gotta become a runway model this is how I walk 24/7 https://t.co/3AVSNQ2ecw Me in my bedroom practicing my runway walk https://t.co/VZZfXD9MAZ The amount of practice and time it takes to learn how to walk a runway effectively and you’re letting guys that look like they’ve just been told their minecraft subscription has been cancelled Kwasia walk down the runway? 😂 https://t.co/gP79tvRlK2 
From: ELLE US

 See how Bessie Afnaim Corral styles the go-to cami of her own design. Bessie Afnaim Corral and Oliver Corral are a very chic married couple doing the actual most together—splitting time between Italy and New York, designing their year old collection of "See Now Buy Now" luxury essentials, and creating and dismantling a series of very impressive transient stores.  Their lovechild Arjé is a line for men and women that's presented in chapters and meant to be layered—both on the body and in the closet. There's no such thing as "so last season" in the Arje vernacular. The duo is also approaching retail with one of fashion's hottest buzzwords right now (perhaps in part because of Arje's fanciful use of them)—the pop up. "The first “Arjé Home” was launched in 2017 on Mott Street in Nolita and opened 4 months after launching our brand," Afnaim Corral explains, "Creating our first complete world was incredibly rewarding as it pushed us to define our message. This season to coincide with the launch of Chapter Four we opened our largest Store to date, and without our prior physical presences within NYC, this connection to our growing community would have take much longer to establish." Bessie donned her current wardrobe MVP (most valuable player) on the streets of SoHo outside of Arjé's current home—styling her striped cami three ways for three occasions.  The Creds: Arjé The Koko Striped Cami Top ($395) + The Ro Striped Blazer ($1,195) + The Rox Striped Pants ($545)    SHOP NOW How would you describe your personal style? My Personal style is built on endless layering. I always take one shade of one color and create around that. And Im totally obsessed with proportions and texture and the touch and feel of the garments. Things have to be shorter or longer in our world and never “the standard." I often wear an oversized knit or outerwear layered over a long silk top back to skinny pants, or I wear big wide leg pants with a long top that has our signature side slits and a smaller knit over it. And I always finish a look with a statement piece of jewelry. From head to toe I am always dressed in one shade, shades that have a spectrum of textures within them, layered in fabrics that feel amazing and in turn I always feel incredibly comfortable in. And of course you will only ever see me in ARJÉ! The Creds: Arjé The Koko Striped Cami Top ($395) + The Cori Striped Cotton Slit Pants ($425)  SHOP NOW How does Arjé reflect your style? The Arjé wardrobe is built on the idea of a monochrome layered wardrobe, made from the highest quality of fabrics sourced in Italy and is true reflection of both mine and Oliver’s personal style. We are our first customer and we have to be the first to say we would “Live in it” before we approve a design to go into the collection. We also create in layers and color palettes that always work back to a past and future collection or as we call them “Chapters.” So when you invest in a piece for spring or summer we promise you that the same piece can be work back to a piece you will invest in for Fall.  How is it working with your life partner as a business partner? It is the most amazing thing I could ever think of. Oli and I truly see the same thing, but on a daily basis have a totally different way of approaching things. We challenge each other, we push each other, but the best thing about us is we really complement each other and therefore we trust each other. We have learned from the years of working together for another brand to leave our ego out, to approach every thing as “We” and not “I.” This is what makes our married life and our work life "work", as we are in this together, forever. We are both so aware of the love we put into our life and into our brand is contagious… When we create in love with a smile on our face people feel it and they want to be a part it. I also happen to love love the mix of feminine and masculine energy within the brand as it feels so balanced. The Creds: Arjé The Koko Cami Top ($395) + The Kris Blazer ($1,295) + The Rox Solid Pants ($525) SHOP NOW How would you want someone just walking into the Arjé store to describe the brand? I would love people to feel like they have found home—that the brand feels familiar, yet incredibly modern, it feels warm and welcoming and feels like a complete world they want to be a part of forever. Why did you want to launch your own Brand? I have always always always dreamed of having my own brand with my partner; To create a world together that is the catalyst of creating a community; To bring together a group of like-minded people and create a space for them to feel like they belong. Today Arjé is focused on women's and men's clothing, but “tomorrow” we will be a full lifestyle brand, offering kids clothes, homeware and more. Arjé will be a place you can live in, sleep in, eat in, and feel complete in. And this is truly why I wanted to launch a brand with my partner and husband in life to create a new language of living for people to belong to.
 Olivia Munn's essay against Fug Girls conveys a problematic message.  In the midst of yet another chaotic news cycle, Olivia Munn has written a short essay on one of the most important issues currently plaguing civilization: fashion critics calling out bad outfits. The actress denounced Heather Cocks and Jessica Morgan of the tongue-in-cheek blog, Go Fug Yourself, for their reviews of celebrity red carpet looks. But the essay that was meant to take a powerful stand quickly turned into a problematic take.  A short essay on the ugly behaviors of the @fuggirls pic.twitter.com/KfZ5ambMQM In her piece, Munn references the Fug Girls’ criticism of her outfit—a Peter Pilotto pantsuit—at the Apex for Youth awards, which they described as "like she got roped into making a sequel to American Hustle that ended up going straight to on-demand." Munn condemns Cocks and Morgan for “snarkiness” and “hypocrisy,” claiming their work is “playing a part in the suppression of women.” It should be noted that being snarky and actively suppressing women are two very different things. Criticizing an outfit is not the same as criticizing the person wearing it. Making a joke about a woman's outfit is not an attack on her character, ideas, or her work. You can be a good person and still wear a bad dress. It is not sexist (Go Fug Yourself also reviews men's fashion) and truthfully, it is not that serious. We're talking about clothing that costs thousands of dollars here! It's just fashun, it's okay to laugh.  Still, mostly thanks to the 2016 presidential election, the media has undergone a reckoning of sorts around the toxic and often sexist rhetoric used to describe women. Since then, small steps of progress have been made. Using the words "plus-size" to describe a woman's body is no longer acceptable, and attacking women based on their looks is not a valid form of criticism, whether you're talking about a politician, a celebrity, or a model. But the concept of railing against criticism of one's fashion choices is, however, arguably quite Trumpian. During a week when several celebrities, including Lizzo and Ariana Grande, are attacking critics for honest album reviews, it's especially important to remember that no one's art—whether music or fashion—should be put on a pedestal and immune from criticism. Fashion, like music, painting, and film, is a form of art. Critics provide deeper insight and analysis, along with cultural connections, to a piece of art—and have been since the dawn of the written word. It's especially important to sustain and advocate for fashion criticism, as fashion is an industry innately responsive to cultural events and the current state of the world.   "No one's art—whether music or fashion—should be put on a pedestal and immune from criticism." Not only is it boring to pretend everyone looks wonderful and amazing on the red carpet, but Munn's statement sets a precedent for not critiquing people, ever. These are wealthy celebrities wearing designer clothing at public events; the folks at home reviewing their outfit choices isn't what's holding back the feminist movement. Of all the things happening in the world, please let us at least make a joke about your crazy designer dress as a form of entertainment.  What's more is that Munn went as far to compare the Fug Girls' fashion reviews to that of teenage boys who were caught objectifying girls by ranking them with a "point system." Comparing celebrities wearing designer clothing selected by their stylists to teenage boys sexually objectifying girls is not only inaccurate, but offensive and dangerous. It completely undermines the severity of rape culture; victims of sexual assault should not be compared to victims of red carpet reviews.  It should also be noted that Cocks and Morgan, who have been running their blog since the early 2000s, make a point to never body-shame women or comment on a woman's appearance (which is something that's not okay when critiquing fashion). To Munn's credit, however, there are several large-scale tabloids and websites that critique celebrity fashion in the toxic ways she suggests, but here, Munn opted to target a smaller-scale website—a skewed power imbalance that the likes of Tom and Lorenzo called "irresponsible" in a tweet explaining: "This appears to be the week celebrities with enormous social media followings punch down and single out their critics for harassment. Let's not be coy. Olivia Munn knows exactly what kind of week the @FugGirls are going to have thanks to this." This appears to be the week celebrities with enormous social media followings punch down and single out their critics for harassment. Let's not be coy. Olivia Munn knows exactly what kind of week the @FugGirls are going to have thanks to this. This is irresponsible. ❤️ you, J+H https://t.co/44szBT1PFP In the past, Munn has used her voice and platform to advocate for important issues such as equal pay and sexual harassment as part of the Time's Up movement in Hollywood. Trying to stop fashion critics from reviewing her red carpet outfits is not an inspiring or worthy cause to add to the list. 
  From bootcut to black, they can't live without them. Like the LBD and trench, denim holds a special place in our hearts—and closets. Always present, but constantly evolving as we develop our own personal style, jeans are the fundamental wardrobe staple we trust to make us look and feel our best.  Our BAZAAR editors get up close and personal sharing their favorite styles from NYDJ, because when it comes to denim and fit, BAZAAR knows best. Soft, lightweight, and constructed with NYDJ’s Sure Stretch® fabric, this slim silhouette molds and moves with your body for maximum comfort. The bootcut style is designed with NYDJ's exclusive Lift Tuck® technology—flattening and tucking in the front and lifting and shaping in the back.
 Inspirations, personal style and global influences. With simple, flattering silhouettes paired with vibrant prints and unique details, it’s no wonder Saloni has garnered an It-girl following since its launch in 2011.   What inspired the Fall collection?The starting point for Fall was a portrait of Anna May Wong which I discovered at Atelier Gutenberg. The delicate romanticism and the balance between modernity and traditionalism of the Qipao dress she wears was truly inspiring. Global influence? I split my time among London and Hong Kong, India and Korea. I used to think this worked against me, but I now think it has been beneficial for the design process and inspired me to explore, discover and blend other cultures and aesthetics through our collections. Saloni’s strengths?My Indian heritage is always at the forefront of my designs, but I try to not translate it literally. I think that the brand’s celebration of bold colors and patterns is our way of bringing the spirit of India into the pieces. Favorite style icons? I mostly draw inspiration from the women around me. However, if I must choose my favorite style icon it would be Maharani Gayatri Devi, for her subtle elegance. Memorable fashion moment? I shot a short film based on Jacqueline Kennedy’s 1962 tour to India. Mixing film and fashion was incredibly satisfying.   Style philosophy? Enjoy fashion, but don’t be obsessed by it.  loving the ☀️😎 week in #hongkong A post shared by  Saloni Lodha (@salonilodha) on Sep 29, 2015 at 12:41am PDT  Inspirations? My family is originally from Rajasthan, India so I am energized by colors, patterns and classic femininity. Your beauty routine?I start with my favorite cleanser, then hydrating serums and boosters followed by tinted-moisturizer for a healthy glow. I finish it all off with bright red lips. Describe a typical weekend for you.I usually start the weekend off with an early morning hike on the “Wilson Trail” followed by a swim and Dim sum at a club in Wong Chuk Hang. Special days are out on a boat to destinations like the beautiful Tai Long Wan.   Perfect day for the twins A post shared by  Saloni Lodha (@salonilodha) on Apr 17, 2017 at 6:21am PDT    Upcoming collection sneak peek? More of the same: Lots of fun and lots of color. Saloni pieces, $399-$695, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 It was held together by one button.  Kourtney Kardashian wore the teeniest, tiniest cropped sweater when she stepped out in Los Angeles to celebrate Kendall Jenner's birthday on Thursday night. She offset the top with super wide-leg parachute pants featuring white stitching and slits up the side.  Kourt paired the fierce look with a lacy black bra and black pumps. She was joined by her 24-year-old model beau, Younes Bendjima, whom she's been dating since earlier this year.  The pair even dressed up as infamous bank robbers Bonnie and Clyde for Halloween. That's commitment.   coming soon to a bank near you A post shared by  Younes Bendjima (@younesbendjima) on Nov 1, 2017 at 10:42am PDT Kourtney's cropped sweater isn't surprising, considering she just launched a super ~sexy~ fashion line. If you're into Kourt's "small top-and-big pants" look, shop a similar outfit below.  BUY NOW Fuzzy Knit Sweater, H&M;, $23 BUY NOW  Out From Under Annette Lace Triangle Bra, URBAN OUTFITTERS, $24  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Meet the next generation of DVF.  Diane von Furstenberg is keeping it all in the family to usher in the next wave of her eponymous fashion house.  Yesterday, DVF's Fall 2018 presentation marked the brand's first collection since Jonathan Saunders left his role as creative director last fall. Since then, Nathan Jenden has been appointed as DVF's new creative director, a position he previously filled from 2001 to 2010. For his return, Jenden looked towards the future generation of DVF: Talita von Furstenberg, the 18-year-old granddaughter of Diane von Furstenberg.   Before unveiling the new collection, Diane shared a story about Talita's first time working with the brand when she was just 9 years old. "10 years ago we showed during PITTI in Florence. We showed in the largest private garden and spent a week in that beautiful villa. My granddaughter Talita was 9 and asked to come along. I agreed but told her she would have to work! She did.,, [sic] helped with every detail and we had had a great time. A decade later, Nathan and i [sic] invited to be our muse. She shot all day and is a pro," the designer wrote on Instagram.    Now starring as the new muse of the DVF brand, Talita models the Fall 2018 collection in a lookbook of images. Featuring a new take on DVF's iconic prints, the 18-year-old wears a bright yellow leopard dress in one image, a retro '70s-inspired jumpsuit in another, and an updated version of the brand's classic wrap dress. "The spirit of DVF and its emotional connection to women is more relevant today than ever before," Jenden said of the brand's shoot with Talita, "DVF and TVF are both inspirational women across generations—beautiful, brave, and ready for anything."  As for the future of the fashion house, its spirit of female empowerment feels timelier now than ever. And casting Diane's granddaughter as the new face of the brand only further cements DVF's relevance amongst the next generation of women. Let it be known: this is just the beginning for Talita von Furstenberg.   
 Your new favorite summer sandals are here.  First we fell in love with their floral dresses, then their denim, and now, Reformation is launching its first-ever shoe collection—and you're going to want every pair for summer.  From barely-there lace-up sandals to block heel mules and espadrilles, the brand's foray into footwear is filled with all the sandals on your wish-list this season. Ref's debut shoe collection includes 11 styles ranging from $128 to $218 in price. There are some '90s-esque styles like heeled thong sandals and this season's naked sandal trend along with classic summer staples like espadrille wedges.  And much like Reformation's apparel, its shoes are sustainable too. The designs are all made with eco-friendly materials like chrome-free leather and jute—meaning compared to most shoes bought in the U.S., they save an average of 52% CO2 emissions, 70% water, and 65% waste. So if you're looking for a sustainable shoe alternative to replace your fast fashion habit, this is it without breaking the bank.    Reformation revealed shoes have been its number one requested item amongst customers—but footwear isn't the only new product offering its launched this season. Earlier this spring, the eco-conscious brand launched a permanent collection of extended curve sizes ranging from sizes 1x to 3x and 14 to 24. And just before that, it introduced its first collection of (semi) sustainable swimwear including bikinis and one-piece swimsuits. Consider it the summer of Reformation.  
 The #GucciChallenge is here! When Gucci debuted its Fall 2018 collection, the world was surprised to see models carrying dragons and replicas of their own heads down the runway.  Gucci's Milan show was curiously dubbed the "Cyborg Manifesto" and was set in an extremely clinical, turquoise operating room. As Gucci's Twitter account explained, "The concept of the operating room reflects the work of a designer—the act of cutting, splicing, and reconstructing materials and fabrics to create a new personality and identity with them." Needless to say, the surprising concept had a major impact on the show's audience, and people all over the world. Gucci's influence is no more evident than on social media, whereby people have started recreating the severed head looks along with the hashtag #GucciChallenge. Started by Instagram's director of fashion partnerships, Eva Chen, the craze soon took off. Here are some the best reactions so far to Gucci's unforgettable Milan runway:  #GucciChallenge  new Clutch❤️ @gucci  @mafarnsimon 我哋先係fashion monster呀😆 #gucci應該搵我哋行騷 #fashion嘅嘢你識條鐵咩  #gucci #fashion #fashionmonster #style #clutch #clutchbag #fashionist #fashionable #fashionista #fashionicon #stylefashion #stylediary #styleblogger #yufiyip #styleguide #goodvibes #friends #chok #時尚穿搭 #時尚造型 #時裝怪獸 A post shared by  YUFI (@yufiyip) on Feb 24, 2018 at 3:03am PST  @Barbie nailed it ✨#guccichallenge A post shared by  Robert Best (@robhbest) on Feb 23, 2018 at 4:25pm PST  Entendedores entenderão.  #guccichallenge A post shared by  Alô? Vanessa Israel não está. (@vanessanaoesta) on Feb 23, 2018 at 6:20pm PST  聽說現在 #guccichallenge 正夯 #gucci #高梧集 @officedandy #workatGQ #suitwalk2018 #allyouneedisSuit A post shared by  Rez Lin (@rezlin) on Feb 24, 2018 at 7:40am PST  Já tenho minha cabeça-acessório #guccichallenge #gucci A post shared by  Jorge Wakabara (@wakabara) on Feb 23, 2018 at 12:23pm PST  #guccichallenge A post shared by  Chris Benz (@cmbenz) on Feb 23, 2018 at 10:26am PST  Não poderia deixar passar #guccichallenge @atsandrobarros 📷 @peucampos A post shared by  Sandro Barros (@sandro_barros) on Feb 24, 2018 at 7:07am PST  #GucciChallenge 🐉 A post shared by  Tuyra Rosa (@tuyrarosa) on Feb 23, 2018 at 6:48pm PST  Barbie is up for a #guccichallenge #wearingyourheadonyoursleeve #adolladay #lovedtheguccishow 54/365 #dolls #dollphotogallery #barbiestyle A post shared by  swirlgirl2008 (@swirlgirl2008) on Feb 23, 2018 at 5:40pm PST  quando vocês tiverem uma chefe dessa a gente conversa! 😂😂😂 #guccichallenge A post shared by  LUANDA VIEIRA (@luandavieira) on Feb 23, 2018 at 2:57pm PST 
From: Marie Claire US

 Upgrade your style with  chic new arrivals.  It's time to step up your fall wardrobe with the must-have edit of the season. We're coveting timeless blazers, statement accessories, luxe beauty, and not-so-basic basics.  Tibi jacket, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP Yves Saint Laurent lipstick, $37, shopbazaar.com SHOP Off-White bag, $1,025, shopbazaar.com SHOP Lele Sadoughi  necklace, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP Alexandre Birman shoe, $695, shopbazaar.com SHOP Christopher Kane sweatshirt, $825, shopbazaar.com SHOP Chantecaille oil, $95, shopbazaar.com SHOP Gucci bag, $3,500, shopbazaar.com SHOP Fendi boot, $900, shopbazaar.com SHOP Vivetta top, $590, shopbazaar.com SHOP Eddie Borgo bracelet, $250, shopbazaar.com SHOP Re/Done pants, $350, shopbazaar.com SHOP Miu Miu shoe, $1,150, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tom Ford lipstick, $54, shopbazaar.com SHOP Altuzzara jacket, $2,2,95, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi pants, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP Prada shoes, $990, shopbazaar.com SHOP Lizzie Fortuanto earrings, $230, shopbazaar.com SHOP Dundas dress, $3,920, shopbazaar.com SHOP Proenza Schouler bag, $995, shopbazaar.com SHOP Pierre Hardy shoe, $865, shopbazaar.com  SHOP
 Linda Evangelista recalls the dress that she'll never forget.  I wore this John Galliano for Dior dress on the January 1995 cover of Harper's Bazaar. The cover was shot by Patrick Demarchelier at his studio in New York, and we pretty much replicated the look from the Galliano show in Paris but without the veil. At the time I was modeling full-time, living between L.A. and New York, and traveling a lot to Europe, so it was hectic. But I loved my life—loved it. I absolutely adored my job, and I’ve always said that it’s a dream to do what I do for a living. I don’t remember that much from back then; everything is fuzzy. The best person to speak to about those days is Naomi [Campbell]. She remembers everything right down to the detail. Call her. But I do remember the fitting for the Galliano show. When I saw this dress on the rack being wheeled in, I started hyperventilating. Early on I learned not to have any expectations, as you don’t always get the best dress or the best look in the show. And you don’t always get to open or close the show, so closing was an honor. I couldn’t have imagined a more beautiful dress. I’m not even a yellow person, but wearing this was one of the most sensational things that has ever happened to me. I loved everything about it. It was sophisticated, it was flirty, it was fun. It was retro, it was modern. I do love a full-on gown where you get to see the ankle. It had every element for me. I also loved the show and the energy. It was a very exciting moment in fashion, and the audience was just as excited. I didn’t know it was going to be like that, but when I walked out and felt that energy it was magical.               It was so nice when Bazaar asked me to do the cover, as I did feel like this was my dress. I would’ve been sad to see someone else wearing it. I see girls now, if they go to Disneyland or at Halloween, they want to be a princess or dress as the fairy-tale movie heroine of the moment; for me, this was like, “Oh, my God, this is a fairy-tale dress, and I get to wear it on the cover of and take it to the next level.”  Before this dress I had never owned any couture. Karl [Lagerfeld] had given me some Chanel things, but I never had a couture gown. John gave it to me. I don’t remember exactly how it went down, but it was shipped to me. The thing took up a lot of square footage. It was tremendous, and I never knew where to put it, so it ended up in my bedroom on a mannequin. But it made me so happy because every morning when I woke up, the first thing I saw was this joyful, sunshiny-yellow dress. I had it for years, and then it started to look like maybe it was too fragile to be exposed. I thought, “Okay, I’m going to box it up,” and then I thought, “What am I going to do with it?” So I gave it to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. It’ll find its show one day. That’s the thing about John—he goes full-on, full force, and I find his vision entertaining. I always look forward to discovering whatever trip he’s on. He always has a story for you. When you go to your fitting, he explains to you who you are, where you’ve been, and how you’ve ended up where you are wearing this dress. I remember this cover shoot being the easiest shoot in the world. Whenever I was told, “You’re shooting with Patrick,” I would always be like, “Yes!” I can’t imagine a more pleasant, fun, and wonderful environment to be in for work. He doesn’t have to do much because he’s Patrick. He doesn’t torture you. It’s not a struggle. Sometimes one has to go through a lot of pain to get their photos, but Patrick just makes everything easy. But then I’ve always adored fashion. I don’t have a favorite; I love it all, from beautiful gowns to vintage dresses to men’s suits and androgynous stuff. And I love super-feminine pieces. But I don’t have as many clothes as one might imagine, as I wear my things more than once. I don’t wear them as a photo opportunity; I don’t wear them for my followers. I wear them because that’s how I dress in life.  What I love most about fashion, especially when it comes to a heavenly gown like this one, is that it can touch you emotionally and transport you back to a place in time. It means so much more than just something on a hanger. The iconic Linda Evangelista is the muse for all seasons. She closed the show in this dress, one of my favorite moments ever. She owned it, she slayed it, and I have since been told it was a “fashion moment”—my first! This collection was inspired by the exotic exploits of Misia Sert [the Russian-born pianist and close friend of Coco Chanel who held lavish parties at her Paris salon at the height of the Roaring ’20s], and as Linda carved her way through the crowds, no one else existed. Jaws dropped. The audience looked on in awe, but they could only dream. Linda commanded her space like no other. The creative process spontaneously kicked in as it always does with Evangelista. She was in character, melting onto a rusty soldier’s unmade bed surrounded by salty sailors from an imaginary port, and there you have it, the image, captured forever for all to see. The feathers on the bustier were hand-dyed to match the early-morning dew on buttercups, a golden glow only she can work, and she did. Her freshly peroxided hair was a platinum memory of a bygone glamour. Linda, a dear and caring friend, owns this dress. She slept with it at the end of her bed, and I cannot begin to tell you what this means to me. This article originally appears in the November 2017 issue, available on newsstands October 24.
 She brought Kanye West's "Fade" video to the runway. Teyana Taylor might be best known for starring in the music video for Kanye West's "Fade," but the singer and model has caused quite a stir at New York Fashion Week. Her runway walk for streetwear brand GCDS was totally fierce, and showcased just how multi-faceted she is. But her performance at Philipp Plein was like nothing else so far. Taking to the stage while Future performed, Taylor proved that she's an incredible dancer, and she posted a video of her performance on Instagram:  In response to apparent criticism she'd received for walking in Fashion Week, Taylor wrote: "When the haters tried to say I was too extra yesterday.....🤔 I turned around and CLOSED ANOTHER RUNWAY SHOW even more EXTRA!!"  Taylor's performance was a total show-stopper, and unsurprisingly, had the full attention of the audience: Unforgettable.
 The Stockholm-based fashion house is selling handpicked classics for crazy-low prices. Acne Studios fans, mark your calendars. Tomorrow, the Stockholm-based fashion house is scheduled to launch a limited-time online pop-up site—where you can shop handpicked pieces from the coveted fashion label's past collections, priced way below retail.  This Tuesday, April 24th, at exactly 10am EST, Acne Studios will open AcneArchive.com, a fleeting online outlet selling exclusive archived Acne-brand picks to U.S. shoppers, for up to 75% off retail price. The big catch? The site will be shut down just 48-hours after it goes live, meaning you'll have to get your shopping done before the strike of 10am, on Thursday, April 26th—unless you plan a trip to the Scandinavian city and visit the brick and mortar outlet. Sifting back through the beloved European label's prolific archives, tomorrow's flash-sale promises to offer some of the most iconic old-school Acne Studios pieces from seasons past. From one-of-a-kind matching sets and flirty printed flared culottes, to more versatile staples like black leather moto jackets and oversized blazers—the pop-up will be offering a vast array of vintage finds to update your spring wardrobe, without spending off-the-runway prices. Adding to the appeal, the outlet will also feature a full-range of timeless Acne accessories, including shoes, shades, bags, scarves, and jewelry.  So, if you're looking to infuse some fashion girl favorite designer styles into your closet without maxing out your credit card, we'd highly recommend bookmarking the Acne Archives outlet and shopping the limited-time discounted pieces as soon as the site goes live. Because if we known anything about Acne's loyal U.S. following—even the pieces from season's past will be quick to sell out. 
 How to dress like the Duchess of Sussex this Halloween—and beyond.  The Duchess of Sussex always provides us with chic workwear ensembles, beauty inspiration, and hair glossiness for days, so it's no surprise that many will want to dress up as her this Halloween. Whether you're looking for a reason to add some chic and wearable pieces to your wardrobe this fall, or you're simply a die-hard fan of this royal beauty, this is how to dress like Meghan Markle for Halloween—luxury included.  If you get one thing down for your Meghan Markle Halloween costume, make sure it's the hat. From berets and fedoras to wool bubble caps and fascinators, this statement accessory is a key piece in her royal wardrobe.  This wool felt velour hat by Philip Treacy will make your costume apparent at first glance, especially when paired with a neutral trench.  When it comes to wool hats, the wider the better. Meghan's go-to fall accessory comes in varying neutral hues, like this one from cult-favorite brand Lack of Color.  Another signature hat look comes in the form of the panama hat. This lightweight, breathable style is handwoven from vacation-ready straw, just like the ones Meghan has been spotted wearing time and time again.  Channel one of Meghan's more daring dress ensembles—the little black tuxedo dress she wore to attend a Hamilton viewing with Prince Harry. Just wear your hair in a low, parted bun and add black pumps. With a modern construction and modest details, this little blazer dress gets the look just right.  The Duchess is a fan of feminine, A-line silhouettes that feature minimal constructions and midi lengths. She typically opts for more modernized pieces that can be worn for a variety of occasions.  You can't go wrong with a classic crepe midi dress, especially one that comes in this feminine polka-dotted iteration. Whether worn to an outdoor event or a rooftop party, your guests will know Markle has entered the building.  On occasion, the Duchess likes to break out a bold print in the form of a sophisticated wrap dress.  Meghan Markle is the queen of statement outerwear pieces, often showing up in power coats, cozy wraps, column silhouettes, and double-breasted numbers. Wear any of the following for your duchess inspired costume.   For your next Halloween party, layer this over a wrap dress, then add neutral pumps, and a beret for the ultimate Meghan Markle ensemble. The best part? You can wear it to work the next morning.  A trench coat is always a royal go-to, and this modernized version is no different. It's belted and layered for extra warmth on your fun evening out.   If there's one thing princesses, duchesses and queens love, it's the double-breasted bouclé coat. If you don't want to wear a full-on coat, opt for a blazer instead. The duchess loves to throw a neutral blazer over tailored shirts and sophisticated midi dresses, preferably in a classic cut. On the bottom, she opts for walkable, feminine heels with classic construction.  This classic cut iteration from Nili Lotan is crafted in lightweight linen, ideal for layering over a Meghan-like silk dress or A-line skirt.  The Duchess of Sussex loves an elegant blazer, so add this to your cart before the holiday and continue to wear it all fall and winter long.  Although you'd be using this for a Halloween costume, the styling options for afterwards are endless. Call it an investment piece.  For a classy pump that'll pair with everything–from tweed blazers to day dresses, look to Marion Parke's iteration. It's crafted from Nappa leather with a sturdy heel shape and a timeless silhouette.  Meghan Markle's go-to top is a classic button down shirt, which she can often be spotted in during events and meetings. Her favorite versions vary from blue and white striped, to stark white and light pink.  Tuck this perfect white shirt into slim-fitting trousers. Plus, you've got a new wardrobe staple that will last you forever.  This puff-sleeve button down adds a bit of interest without being over the top. Wear it with a tailored pencil skirt for the proper Meghan effect.  Imagine this Acne shirt tucked into a tailored trouser. Add a feminine skirt and it's Meghan-approved. 
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 The Off-White designer kept a close eye on these looks from Diana's closet for his Spring 2018 show. Virgil Abloh took the "people's princess" to the street last night in Paris at his Spring 2018 runway show, just four weeks after the 20th anniversary of Princess Diana's death. The collection was the most formal riff on streetwear Abloh has shown yet, and rightly so–given that it was inspired by an iconic royal wardrobe. Off-White's designer and his team sorted through countless images of the princess, looking to reinvent her wardrobe for today's fashion climate, and we spotted just the looks they sought inspiration from. Here, all the Off-White odes and updates to Princess Di's best looks—and what Virgil Abloh would fill her closet with if she were with us and on the style circuit today. Princess Diana often wore suiting to royal duties and daytime family affairs, but Off-White gave her '80s suits an update with a more fitted silhouette, a cascading asymmetrical pleat, a wider windowpane plaid and gutsier extras.   Abloh adapted Diana's geometric and bold prints; from ladylike separates paired with conservatively-shaped skirts, to easy-to-wear elegant pieces, to jeans, minis, knee-length shorts (another one of his Diana-isms) and thigh-high boots.   Diana often wore pastel sets paired with pillboxes for cocktail attire, but Abloh imagined the modern day Diana sporting shorter hemlines—and tennis shoes for evening. For added je ne sais quoi, Off-White's pink suit (and his pastel blue version, below) strutted the runway with a pair of heels in hand instead of a purse. Diana wore white for black die, daytime and casual weekend activities, but for Off-White's finale, Virgil Abloh decked Naomi Campbell in an amazing ivory evening coat, paired with cycling shorts and a sexy lace-up, perspex-covered heel. This was Princess Di 2.0 at its finest, pairing her activewear with inspiration from her most stately of looks and daring accessories. Diana wasn't afraid of color—and it doesn't seem the Off-White girl is afraid of much at all. For Spring 2018, a modern day Di wears these brightly-toned frocks with a strings of pearls and futuristic over-the-knee boots.   Hemlines went higher, and in some cases, lower. Footwear went both super-sexy and easygoing athletic. For Virgil Abloh, a modern day Diana takes notes from her style heyday, and isn't afraid to mix her easy weekend attire with her black tie wardrobe.
 The singer follows in the footsteps of Naomi Campbell, Rihanna, and Beyoncé. From that iconic Versace dress to sparkling bodysuits galore, Jennifer Lopez has always known how to turn heads both on stage and on the red carpet. And now, her inimitable style is being honored with the Fashion Icon Award at the 2019 CFDA Awards in June.  The Council of Fashion Designers of America broke the news on Instagram this morning, revealing J.Lo would receive this year's highly-coveted award. The singer/actress/red carpet style star follows in the footsteps of Naomi Campbell, Rihanna, Beyoncé, Pharrell and more in winning this notable honor.  The CFDA is thrilled to reveal #JenniferLopez is this year’s recipient of the Fashion Icon award at the 2019 CFDA Fashion Awards this June. The CFDA Board of Directors is giving the actress, singer, dancer, and producer this award for her longstanding and global impact on fashion. “Jennifer Lopez uses clothes as a way to express confidence and power,” CFDA Chairwoman Diane von Furstenberg said. “Both designers and fans look forward to her fashion statements.” “Jennifer Lopez’s style is bold, uninhibited, and always memorable,” said Steven Kolb, President and CEO of the CFDA. “Designers, including many of our CFDA Members, love to dress her for both stage and private moments.” Head to our link in in bio for the full scoop! A post shared by  cfda (@cfda) on Apr 16, 2019 at 6:00am PDT “Jennifer Lopez uses clothes as a way to express confidence and power,” CFDA chairwoman Diane von Furstenberg said in a press release. “Both designers and fans look forward to her fashion statements.”  The organization credited J.Lo's fashion impact to her many iconic red carpet moments—including the green plunging Versace gown that not only has its own Wikipedia page, but also led to the creation of Google Images in 2001. Since then, she has not only worked with Donatella Versace, but designers like Tom Ford, Zuhair Murad, and Balmain to craft her signature look over the years.  The 2019 CFDA Awards will be held at the Brooklyn Museum on June 3. Along with J.Lo, Carine Roitfeld (editor, stylist, and Harper's Bazaar's global fashion director) is also being honored at this year's ceremony with The Founder's Award. Brandon Maxwell, Marc Jacobs, Rosie Assoulin, Kate and Laura Mulleavy (Rodarte), Virgil Abloh (Off-White), and Kerby Jean-Raymond (Pyer Moss) are among the designers nominated for CFDA Awards this year. British designer Sarah Burton will receive the prestigious International Award for her work at Alexander McQueen. 
 Prepare for this year's extravaganza with a look back at the runway through the years. The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is back in New York this year and better than ever, with Elsa Hosk wearing the $1 million Fantasy Bra, musical performances from the likes of Halsey, The Chainsmokers, Rita Ora, and Shawn Mendes, and a roster of new and returning models hitting the runway (hi Kendall, Gigi, and Bella!). Before you settle in for the televised event airing Sunday, December 2 on ABC, click through to revisit the best moments from years past, from the show's launch at the Plaza Hotel in 1995 to last year's Shanghai extravaganza. Veronica Webb Beverly Peele Angelika Kallio Naomi Campbell Stephanie Seymour Naomi Campbell Helena Christensen Stephanie Seymour Stephanie Seymour Naomi Campbell Laetitia Casta Naomi Campbell Naomi Campbell Bridget Hall Tyra Banks Stephanie Seymour Gisele Bundchen Karen Mulder Tyra Banks Gisele Bundchen Adriana Lima Gisele Bundchen Emma Heming Adriana Lima Alessandra Ambrosio Gisele Bundchen Naomi Campbell Liya Kedebe Adriana Lima Karolina Kurkova, Tyra Banks, Heidi Klum, Gisele Bundchen and Adriana Lima
 The revolutionary fashion photographer died yesterday at the age of 74.  There is a good chance that if you're looking at a photo of a supermodel during the height of the '90s, you're looking at the handiwork of Peter Lindbergh. The fashion photographer, who revolutionized contemporary fashion's understanding of the supermodel, died in Paris yesterday. He was 74 years old.  Known for his unretouched, black-and-white, and cinematic portraits, Lindbergh has worked with the likes of Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista, Christy Turlington, and Cindy Crawford, creating iconic photos that have graced the covers of venerable fashion magazines everywhere, including our own. Most recently, Lindbergh worked with Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, to shoot the September issue of British Vogue.  Today, models took to Instagram to honor the late photographer and the fashion legacy he left behind.  "Broken Beyond Words," Campbell wrote, captioning a selfie of her and Lindbergh. "@therealpeterlindbergh your vitality , your animated Smile ... your kindness and generosity of giving me your home in Paris while mine was being put together !! Oh Peter so many memories of 33 years that my heart right cannot tell .... MAY YOU BE WITH PAPA RESTING WITH THE HIGHEST 🕊🕊🙏🏾 #ALWAYSAGENTLEMAN."  Broken Beyond Words 😢 💔 @therealpeterlindbergh your vitality , your animated Smile ... your kindness and generosity of giving me your home in Paris while mine was being put together !! Oh Peter so many memories of 33 years that my heart right now cannot tell .... MAY YOU BE WITH PAPA RESTING WITH THE HIGHEST 🕊🕊🙏🏾 #ALWAYSAGENTLEMAN A post shared by  Naomi Campbell (@naomi) on Sep 4, 2019 at 6:56am PDT Using the official Instagram account of her eponymous modeling agency, Kate Moss shared three Lindbergh-shot portraits from throughout her career. "We will miss you Peter 🖤," the caption read.   We will miss you Peter 🖤 A post shared by  Kate Moss Agency (@katemossagency) on Sep 4, 2019 at 6:53am PDT Posting a black-and-white photo of her sitting with the photographer, Evangelista captioned, "Heartbroken. 💔 R.I.P. my Peet. 🕊@therealpeterlindbergh 🙏🏻."  Heartbroken. 💔 R.I.P. my Peet. 🕊@therealpeterlindbergh 🙏🏻 A post shared by  Linda Evangelista (@lindaevangelista) on Sep 4, 2019 at 3:01am PDT Crawford posted a group photo that includes some of the most illustrious models of the '90s surrounding Lindbergh. "When @therealpeterlindbergh shoots, it's about the women," Crawford wrote. "It's not about the hair, makeup, or styling, really. He had a way of turning your imperfections into something unique and beautiful... and his images will always be timeless. You will be so missed Peter. I'm honored to have known you and worked with you."  When @therealpeterlindbergh shoots, it’s about the women. It’s not about the hair, makeup, or styling, really. He had a way of turning your imperfections into something unique and beautiful... and his images will always be timeless. you will be so missed Peter. I’m honored to have known you and worked with you ❤️ A post shared by  Cindy Crawford (@cindycrawford) on Sep 4, 2019 at 6:30am PDT Captioning one of Lindbergh's most iconic photos—a group photo of '90s models posing in leather biker gear in the middle of a New York City street—Schiffer wrote, "Peter grew up not that far from me in Germany. We understood each other immediately. His contrast photography, black and white pictures often reminded me of the Ruhrpot area. He was an amazing family man, always positive and gentle. Never played games - he was straightforward and honest. He loved women and made everyone look beautiful. I will miss him."  Peter grew up not that far from me in Germany. We understood each other immediately. His contrast photography, black and white pictures often reminded me of the Ruhrpot area. He was an amazing family man, always positive and gentle. Never played games - he was straightforward and honest. He loved women and made everyone look beautiful. I will miss him. A post shared by  Claudia Schiffer (@claudiaschiffer) on Sep 4, 2019 at 7:50am PDT Herzigová posted a slideshow of photos, including a flick of her and Lindbergh smiling at each other. "PETER....you will be missed," the model wrote. "A very sad day to lose my dearest friend @therealpeterlindbergh💔my thoughts are with his family and friends."  PETER....you will be missed! A very sad day to lose my dearest friend @therealpeterlindbergh 💔my thoughts are with his family and friends A post shared by  Eva Herzigova (@evaherzigova) on Sep 4, 2019 at 7:42am PDT On her Instagram Story, Christensen snapped a framed portrait Lindbergh took of her. 
 One thing people may not realize about Kate Spade’s new creative director, Nicola Glass: That doppelgänger in the front row is her identical twin. Here, she opens up about hijinks with her sister and her first fashion show for the brand.  After Kate Spade's Spring 2019 show—the brand’s first ever—guests rushed across the pale pink runway to congratulate a slim Northern Irish woman with icy blue eyes and a sleek blonde bob. They did so in the mistaken belief that she was the new creative director, Nicola Glass, a Gucci and Michael Kors alum who had been tapped to head the Tapestry-owned label in November 2017. Only it wasn’t Glass. It was Tara Barwick, Glass’s twin, a London-based radiologist who had flown in for her sister’s debut. Well-wishers could be forgiven for the mix-up. Physically, the two are identical save for their coifs—Barwick has a classic chop, while Glass sports a cheeky buzzed undercut.“I felt like we were back at university in Edinburgh,” Barwick said the following day.“Now that we live on different continents, that doesn’t happen too much.” In their teens and 20s, the sisters, now 46, relished the confusion, playing tricks on boyfriends, swapping high school classes, and generally perplexing people. Early in her medical career, Barwick recalls, she treated a urology patient who squirmed in her presence.“He was behaving really strangely, and after I examined him he told me I looked a lot like someone he knew,”she says. It turned out he was someone Nicola knew from art school.  “What I do makes people happy. It brings them joy.”  Another time Glass pretended to be Barwick during an interview for a summer job. “It was to be a Coca-Cola promotion girl,” Glass says. “I was home from college before Tara, and I’d gotten her the job, but there was a training day and she still wasn’t back. I was like,‘I don’t think I can train for you too!’” But for the sisters, who come from a family of M.D.’s (their brother is also a radiologist, as was their late father), their relationship hasn’t been just high jinks and switcheroos. “Nicola is my best friend,” Barwick says.“She’s been my support system.” Adds Glass, “Tara always keeps me grounded and encourages me. My career path was quite winding, and there were times when I doubted that I was doing the right thing. I went through a phase when I would look at what Tara was doing and I would see all this worth because she’s saving people’s lives. I would ask what I was adding to the universe, but I’ve realized that what I do makes people happy. It brings them joy.” There was plenty of joy in Glass’s first Kate Spade outing, from the surrealist twists (lips at the center of abstract florals, a matchstick zipper pull) to the candy-colored palette and playful flourishes, like off center bows and subtle ruffles. These expressive, optimistic looks were rooted, Glass says, in the late founder’s vision.   Kate Spade, the trailblazing Midwesterner who launched her brand with accessible yet luxurious nylon handbags in 1993, left the company in 2007, and died tragically last June. At the spring show, a touching note placed on each guest’s seat paid tribute to her memory. “She left a little sparkle everywhere she went,” it read. The catwalk was dusted with glitter, a nod to Spade’s enduring shimmer, which was threaded throughout Glass’s collection. “My starting point was thinking about the brand’s core DNA,” says Glass. “I felt I’d honored her because she was the one who inspired me.”   “The Nicola is my 						go-to bag. Deep evergreen is the new black!” “I like a slimmer, easy						shape—with a ruffle.” “Knee-high lilac boots add a beautiful pop of color.” Glass succeeded not only in honoring Spade’s legacy but also in modernizing the brand, proposing fluid silhouettes, lots of pattern, and an understated sensuality via cutout details and liquid satin fabrics. She evolved the novelty the label is known for into something quieter and more nuanced, for instance, Glass’s Nicola Twistlock handbag features a heart-shaped lock that transforms into a spade when opened. Most important, Glass has embraced the whimsical spirit that Spade so loved. “She encouraged women to have fun and express themselves with fashion and create their own identity,” Glass says.“She didn’t want fashion to feel intimidating, and I really liked that idea.” Glass will extend these codes into the Kate Spade home range (e.g., colorful Perspex wine stoppers that match the heel of a spring shoe) as well as the imagery. Photographer Tim Walker, whose dreamy ads for the label were one of Glass’s key inspirations, shot the spring campaign.   Barwick was impressed by her sister’s freshman collection.“I’ve always known that Nicola was talented, but when she walked out at the end of the show I was like, ‘Wow!’ I was so proud of her,”she says. “And it’s so wearable,” adds Barwick, listing the cropped button-front denim and intarsia knit sweaters among her favorite pieces. She was also a fan of the Nicola shoulder bag, whose soft, feminine details balance the strong, graphic silhouette. But where, pray tell, is the Tara bag? “We’ll design one,” promises Glass. “An oversize bucket fits my tablet, documents, and other essentials.” “I’ll wear this dress with a blazer to work, but it would look equally great for a party.” “These block-heel sandals are gorgeous and super comfy.” This article originally appears in the February 2019 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, available on newsstands now. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR Fashion Editor: Cassie Anderson; Hair: John Ruidant for Oribe; Makeup: Deanna Melluso for Chanel Rouge Coco.
 Add this to the list of items you never knew you needed. If you think you might be in need of New Year's fitness motivation, perhaps Dior has just the stylish thing to spur you on. Dior Homme has created its first ever BMX bike via a collaboration with Parisian company Bogarde. The chrome-tinted, limited-edition bike comes in the brand's black and red house colors and the logo is printed on the handlebars and metalwork. Only 70 of the bikes will be produced, retailing at $3,200, and available upon request at selected Dior Homme stores from December 7. News of the project was first teased by creative director Kris Van Assche back in October.  COMING SOON @DIORHOMME  #HARDIOR  #diorhomme #krisdior #krisvanassche #kris_van_assche #bmx A post shared by @ kris_van_assche on Oct 25, 2017 at 1:25am PDT The label's take on the item was inspired by 90s' street culture—a theme that often dominates Dior's menswear collections. Patrick Demarchelier was enlisted to shoot the launch campaign, a moody black and white shot where a model poses on the bike. 
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Stock up on your fall wardrobe.  It's the perfect time to stock up on your fall and winter wardrobe essentials with the best Columbus Day sale deals. From boots to coats and fall dresses, these are the best sites to score some major sale finds over the weekend.  Sale: 25% off select clothing, shoes, and accessories, 20% off jewelry. Sale: Up to 50% off clothing, shoes, and accessories When: Now SHOP THE SALE NOW Sale: 40% off any purchase, including sale items, using code 'BIGSALE' When: Now through 10/8 SHOP THE SALE NOW Sale: Up to 50% off clothing and shoes.  Sale: 25% off full-price items with the code 'INTHEFAM' Sale: Up to 40% off clothing, accessories, and jewelry.  When: Now  SHOP THE SALE NOW Sale: 30% off select clothing, shoes, and accessories When: Now SHOP THE SALE NOW  Sale: 30-60% off select styles When: Now through 10/8 SHOP THE SALE NOW Sale: Up to 50% off clothing, shoes, and accessories When: Now   Sale: Up to 50% off clothing, shoes, and accessories When: Now SHOP THE SALE NOW 
 I'm not like a regular librarian, I'm a cool librarian. Back in the spring, we predicted this season's cardigan comeback. Previously reserved for school librarians and bundled-up grandmas, the once-passé sweater is officially back and cooler than ever for fall. From '90s-inspired cropped styles to cozy full-length sweaters, this season's selection is not only cozy, but unexpectedly chic. Scroll down to shop the styles you'll want to add to your shopping cart immediately.  Whether worn with a skirt or high-waisted jeans, a '90s-esque cropped cardigan looks instantly cool this season.   Show a little shoulder in this asymmetrically-buttoned cardigan.  Add a bright splash of color with this statement-making red sweater, which looks just as good worn open as it does buttoned up.  This luxe-looking sweater brings all the comfort without sacrificing any style.   Channel your inner Fran Fine in this button-down leopard piece.  That button-detailing makes this look anything but lazy. Go for a pop of color in this high/low-cut number.  Accentuate your waist with J.Crew's belted cardi, which comes in several different colors.  Perfect for the weekend or stowing at your desk (for those freezing cold offices, of course) this is a winter must-have.   For the ultimate Clueless-inspired look, this pink cropped cardigan also has a matching mini skirt.  With its gold accent buttons, this oversized cardigan looks anything but frumpy.  Who says a cardigan can't be glamorous? Prada's feather-trimmed sweater makes for the perfect splurge this season.  This COLOR. Enough said.   Keep your look sleek in this full-length cocoon sweater.   This ribbed essential comes in a total of seven different color options. 
 This marks the creative director's first piece for the French fashion house. While visiting Paris, Lady Gaga took a trip to the Louvre yesterday looking like a walking piece of art. Despite it being nearly 70 degrees in the French capital, the singer committed to a dramatic all-black leather look for her visit to the museum. But along with her floor-length, Matrix-inspired Alaia coat and Ray-Ban sunglasses, Gaga's ensemble featured one very important accessory: the new, never-before-seen Céline bag.  The bag, as Business of Fashion confirms, is Hedi Slimane's first design for Céline. It's slated to hit the runway as part of his inaugural collection for the brand during Paris Fashion Week next month. Slimane was announced as the new artistic, creative, and image director of the French fashion house back in February, succeeding Phoebe Philo.  A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Aug 30, 2018 at 4:48am PDT "Oh, this old thing?" Giving it a grand debut, Gaga whipped her new Céline bag all around Paris—from the Louvre to her hotel balcony, serving us angles and LEWKS all along the way. The structured bag is personalized with her initials (L.G.) and features gold clasp detailing.   A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Aug 30, 2018 at 4:48am PDT  This isn't the first time Lady Gaga has debuted Hedi Slimane's designs, though. In 2012, the "Born This Way" singer was the first to wear Slimane's inaugural collection for Saint Laurent just a week after it hit the runway. Hopefully this means we can expect to see Gaga cheering on Slimane from the front row at Céline this Paris Fashion Week.  But if not, she's currently giving us her own Paris Fashion Week while there now:  In a red, ladylike look on Monday. In a metallic blue Nicolas Jebran jacket and Naked Wardrobe shorts on Tuesday. And carrying the new Céline bag out of the Louvre today. 
 Because we can't all look as good as Bella Hadid in 'The Matrix' sunglasses.  Teeny, tiny '90s-inspired sunglasses have been reigning supreme this season—thanks to the likes of top models along with the It girls of Instagram. But for those of us who don't want to try extra small frames (hey, we can't all pull off The Matrix look à la Bella and Gigi Hadid), there are still plenty of daring sunglasses to try in classic frame shapes this season.  Whether it's a rainbow mirrored lens or a unique angular shape, go for a pair of aviators that stands out from the crowd this spring. Click through to shop some of our favorites—from shades of eye-catching yellow to rose colored lenses.  Le Specs aviators, $89, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Illesteva aviators, $190, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Topshop aviators, $15, topshop.com. SHOP Givenchy aviator sunglasses, $400, shopbop.com. SHOP Gucci aviator sunglasses, $342, farfetch.com. SHOP Westward Leaning aviator sunglasses, $250, revolve.com. SHOP Cutler and Gross aviator sunglasses, $440, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Ray-Ban aviator sunglasses, $163, fwrd.com. SHOP Prada aviator sunglasses, $400, fwrd.com. SHOP Quay Australia aviator sunglasses, $65, quayaustralia.com. SHOP Victoria Beckham aviator sunglasses, $425, mytheresa.com. SHOP Chloé aviator sunglasses, $340, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Perverse aviator sunglasses, $55, perversesunglasses.com. SHOP Dior aviator sunglasses, $319, farfetch.com. SHOP Seafolly aviator sunglasses, $80, seafolly.com. SHOP
 Paris Fashion Week meets the Upside Down. Louis Vuitton gave a nod to the Upside Down today when the brand presented a Stranger Things graphic tee with its Spring 2018 collection at Paris Fashion Week.  The top is a classic, black oversized T-shirt featuring one of the show’s new posters for Season 2, which were fashioned after iconic ‘70s and ‘80s movie posters. (This one is inspired by Stand By Me.) On the shirt, the show’s leading quartet of boys—Will (Noah Schnapps), Mike (Finn Wolfhard), Lucas (Caleb McLaughlin), and Dustin (Gaten Matarazzo)—make an appearance on an eerie design. The piece, which includes a chain detail at the neckline, was layered over a bohemian floral blouse and baby pink ruffled pants. It also marked the only graphic tee in the entire Vuitton show; creative director Nicolas Ghesquière's way of injecting youthful, sci-fi fantasy in a collection of otherwise billowy silhouettes, sequined dresses, ruffled accents, and embellished overcoats.  However, this isn't the only time Vuitton crossed paths with Stranger Things. A year ago, three stars from the show—McLaughlin, Matarazzo, and fashion's new favorite, Millie Bobby Brown—visited Ghesquière in the City of Lights. The tweenage trio took a tour of the brand's headquarters just before Paris Fashion Week.   GOT STRANGERS IN THE HOUSE TODAY @strangerthingstv @netflix @netflixfr @milliebobby_brown @therealcalebmclaughlin @gatenm123 @louisvuitton #strangerthings #netflix A post shared by @ nicolasghesquiere on Sep 23, 2016 at 4:47am PDT  We have a feeling the designer will be binging Season 2 like the rest of us once the sci-fi hit returns to Netflix on October 27.
 From New York to Paris, what the runways looked like before social media.  In the era of Instagram, we've all become accustomed to what Fashion Week looks like, whether you're physically at the shows or not. But long before the front row was filled with iPhones, runway shows looked a lot different. From the first ever New York Fashion Week in 1943 to small shows held in designer's ateliers to the golden age of supermodels in the '80s and '90s, we're taking a look back at the evolution of Fashion Week over the last six decades. Here's what the runway looked like before social media took over. A model wears a slit evening gown by Jo Copeland at the first ever New York Fashion Week.  With the end of WWII in sight, service girls get a glimpse of their peace-time fashions with a Spooner and Co. Ltd. runway show full of  bridal gowns and evening attire. Models walk the runway in a mix of evening gowns and tailored daywear as a room of fashion buyers watches on.  A woman models a mink coat as a group of fashion buyers and editors look on.  A model walks the runway in a two-piece skirt suit, a pair of gloves, and a stylish hat at the Pierre Balmain runway show in Sydney, Australia. A model walks the Christian Dior catwalk wearing a belted evening gown.  A model poses backstage showing off a floral hairpiece before hitting the runway.  Christian Dior poses with a group of models after his couture runway show in Paris.  At a Balmain runway show, a model carries a poodle down the runway to match her tailored blouse and trousers.  Models walk the runway wearing ball gowns and full-length gloves at the Third Italian High Fashion Show in Florence, Italy. A crowd of fashion editors and buyers packs into a Seventh Avenue showroom for a fashion show by Samuel Winston.  A model hits the runway wearing a one-piece swimsuit with pockets. Christian Dior flew 172 gowns, eight models, and three dressers from Paris to Scotland for a 1955 fashion show at a ballroom in Gleneagles that raised money for the Friends of France charity.  It was a tight crowd for buyers, editors, and photographers who packed into Maison Christian Dior in Paris for the designer's 1956 collection. Coco Chanel gives one of her designs a final look before presenting it as part of a 1957 show in Paris.  A trio of models wears swimsuits for a runway show in Paris.  A model demonstrates how to make an entrance while walking the runway at W.F. Adlmueller's fashion show in Vienna.  A Chanel model dons the fashion house's signature tweed suit and a matching cap for a show in Paris.  A model poses on the catwalk wearing a suit and animal print newsboy cap in France. A model walks the runway at Mary Quant's show in London. The designer, who invented the mini skirt, went on to shape the Youthquake fashion of the '60s.  Pierre Cardin opted to present his collection on models at the 50th Paris Car Show.  Two models wear evening gowns by Yves Saint Laurent at the designer's show in Paris.  In the midst of the mod era of fashion, a model wears a mini stop sign dress and white boots at a runway show held in a Parisian hotel.  A British model shows the latest mod fashions from London to a crowd on the streets of New York City.  Twiggy fronts a runway show for her own namesake fashion brand of colorful Sixties designs.  The era of space takes over in a galactic, futuristic-themed runway show by Pierre Cardin.  A parade of models marches down the street in London. Twiggy leads a pack of models in matching outfits at a runway show.  Naked dresses make their way to the runway: model Kalio walks the Zandra Rhodes show in a sheer dress. Anjelica Huston strikes a pose on the catwalk at a show in the Seventies. 
 The best pjs, caftans, and robes to lounge around all day in... We love a good bathing suit and sunnies situation in the summer—but sometimes that stay-at-home Friday is more about a great set of PJs instead. Get your Netflix and chill gear in chic shape and shop the pajamas, robes and caftans that will keep you cool and comfy.  Take inspo from the awning and lounge chairs in chic stripes. As a bonus, these pants can double as a bathing suit cover-up.  Morgan Lane pajamas, $558, morgan-lane.com. SHOP NOW This boudoir set doesn't lack in sex appeal, but throw on wide-leg trousers with this cami and you have a cool evening look as well.  Kiki de Montparnasse top and panties, $155 and $115, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Take inspo from the famed Beverly Hills Hotel palm print and get your pj game right. Room Service cami and pants, $38 and $49, nordtrom.com. SHOP NOW This uber-cozy bralet, trousers and robe look fantastic out on the streets and even better back in bed. Naked Cashmere duster, bralet and pant, $195, $120, $170, nakedcashmere.com. SHOP NOW Sweatpants never had it so cool. Drop the idea that being comfy has anything to do with giving up on looking good. Spiritual Gangster tank and pants, $68 and $118,  spiritualgangster.com. SHOP NOW But also, kind of your grandma's nightie! We love the Southern belle vibes of this pretty night shirt.  Eileen West chemise, $64, eileenwest.com. SHOP NOW In summer it's best to keep your pjs short sleeved, short and tropical in print. Desmond & Dempsey pajama set, $115, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW We can just picture curling up with Belle De Jour on the flat screen in this tres French little set. Le Petit Trou set, $155, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW This night dress easily does double duty as a beach or brunch look. Por les Femmes, $325, matchesfashion.com SHOP NOW We love a good kimono for everything from post-shower glamour to over jeans for weekend-wear. Olivia von Halle robe, $940, oliviavonhalle.com SHOP NOW Make every day like waking up at a luxe hotel with a great hooded robe. Riley Robe, $109, rileyhome.com SHOP NOW This airy set is just begging for a cappuccino and a copy of the New York Times on Sunday morning. Negative Underwear Short Set, $150, negativeunderwear.com SHOP NOW A cool cotton caftan is just the thing for languid weekends by the pool, on the couch, or in the cabana. Tory Burch tunic, $328, toryburch.com SHOP NOW Do like the Old Hollywood actors and make your cozy time ultra glam, complete with sheer fabrics and feathers.  Rosamosario pants, $445, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOWRosamosario robe, $675, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW Don't neglect your toes—keep everything breezy but cozy in furry slides. ROam sandals, $137, r0amwear.com. SHOP NOW
 The fashion designer celebrates her immigrant roots in her new role as fairy godmother of the Statue of Liberty Museum.  In 1976, Newsweek famously anointed Diane von Furstenberg “the most marketable woman since Coco Chanel.” Just six years after immigrating to New York from Belgium, von Furstenberg had sold more than five million of her signature wrap dresses, making hers a bona fide American success story. The dress came to symbolize power and independence for a generation of women. In the process, it helped establish its designer—a Jewish woman, née Diane Halfin, who married and divorced a prince but kept his name—as a global luxury-lifestyle powerhouse whose brand is sold in more than 70 countries. As she steps down from her position as chairwoman of the Council of Fashion Designers of America in June, von Furstenberg is focusing on her new role as chair of the fund-raising campaign for the Statue of Liberty Museum, opening Wednesday. Here, she discusses the future of the museum with one of the top donors, her friend Mellody Hobson, an African-American businesswoman who is president of Ariel Investments and the former chairwoman of DreamWorks Animation. MELLODY HOBSON: You’re a Belgian immigrant and the daughter of a Holocaust survivor, so I imagine the Statue of Liberty has particular meaning for you. Can you tell me about that? DIANE VON FURSTENBERG: The first time I ever saw a picture of the Statue of Liberty was when I was a little girl. My parents were visiting New York and they sent me a postcard. So for me, she represented America. The first time I really saw her, I was 22 years old. I had just married Prince Egon von Furstenberg, and he was starting a bank job in New York. Egon flew over, but I chose to take the ship because I wanted to have some time to think about my future. MH: What was your reaction to seeing her? DVF: I was a privileged immigrant, but like anyone who leaves their homeland behind I carried my hopes and dreams. I had my son inside of me and my little dresses inside my luggage. I was going to try to sell them in America. We arrived at dawn. There was this big noise, and I looked up and there she was. That image is forever imprinted on my mind. MH: How did you come to lead the Statue of Liberty Museum fund-raising campaign? DVF: In 2013, I made a speech with the king of Belgium at the opening of the Red Star Line Museum in Antwerp. That museum commemorates a shipping company that ferried millions of immigrants to America in the late-18th and early-19th centuries, including Albert Einstein. At the event I met Stephen Briganti, the president and CEO of the Statue of Liberty-Ellis Island Foundation, and from that time on he was courting me to join his board. I was honored at the Ellis Island Family Heritage Awards two years later. MH: You were already pretty busy serving on the boards of the Shed and Vital Voices, not to mention being president and later chairwoman of the CFDA, and your day job as a designer. What convinced you to join?  DVF: I said, “If I go on another board, my husband, [Barry Diller], is going to divorce me.” However, Stephen wasn’t letting me off that easy. He showed me a copy of my book The Woman I Wanted to Be, in which he’d underlined something my mother, who spent 13 months at Auschwitz, once wrote to me:  “God has saved my life so that I can give you life. By giving you life, you gave me my life back. You are my torch, my flag of freedom.” The symbolism of her words was uncanny.     MH: Wow. What was your first task? DVF: They wanted me to raise $100 million for the Statue of Liberty Museum, which is being relocated from a cramped space inside her pedestal to a brand-new, 26,000-square-foot venue on Liberty Island. I don’t like to ask for money, but I said that I would try. With Edwin Schlossberg, the museum’s designer, I came up with the idea for an abstract “Stars and Stripes” mural for the entrance. The stripes are iron bars from the Statue of Liberty’s original armature created by Gustave Eiffel. And I asked the sculptor Anh Duong to design 50 stars to sell to donors. MH: Why did you pick her? You know a lot of people in the art world. DVF: Because she is a French-Vietnamese immigrant, she is my friend, and I love her work. So she designed these beautiful stars, and I started making calls. I have to say that this was the easiest thing I’ve ever done. “The first time I really saw the Statue of Liberty ... I had my son inside of me and my little dresses inside my luggage. I was going to try to sell them in America.” MH: It wasn’t hard to convince people to pay $2 million for a star? DVF: Well, I got it from you pretty fast! The first star I sold was to Michael Bloomberg. Mike’s the best person to start with because he always says yes. Then I went to Jeff Bezos, and he said, “I’m going to get one to honor my stepfather, who emigrated from Cuba.” From there I went to Chanel, Ralph Lauren, Disney, Coca-Cola, and other corporate partners. MH: Why do you think it was so simple?  DVF: There’s something magical about the Statute of Liberty: She belongs to everybody. Why did you agree to participate? MH: My husband, George [Lucas], and I wanted to be sure that there was a person of color on the wall, so we named ours for Muhammad Ali. We felt very strongly that there couldn’t be an American flag without all of us being represented.  DVF: That’s true. There’s also an Oprah star. MH: Which is great. What values does the Statue of Liberty represent? DVF: She reminds us about the power of friendship between nations— MH: Countries? DVF: Yes, but not their leaders, their people. The Statue of Liberty was given to us by the people of France to commemorate the centennial of the American Revolution at a time when they were disappointed by their own political situation. The French Revolution started not long after the American Revolution, but the result was very different: the Terror, and then Napoléon and the Second Empire. So the French looked to America as this utopic democracy.  MH: In the context of the current debates about immigration and displaced people, how important do you think the Statue of Liberty is today? DVF: I think she’s never been more relevant. Did you know, by the way, that the first model for the Statue of Liberty was actually an Arab girl? The French sculptor Frédéric-Auguste Bartholdi began work on a monument to commemorate the opening of Egypt’s Suez Canal, but the project fell through. He recycled his prototype later when the Statue of Liberty commission came along. MH: How significant is it that the Statue of Liberty is a woman?  DVF: She has broken chains at her feet, but she is strong and she is the light. The message is important: Women’s voices can save humanity. Ironically, no women were invited to attend the statue’s opening in 1886. Suffragists chartered a boat to circle the island during the unveiling. MH: What do you want people to take away from a visit to the museum? DVF: The importance of liberty and the importance of freedom. The museum is directly across from Ellis Island, so it’s also about the importance of welcoming people. MH: This project was an ambitious one, but you made it look so easy. For the woman who’s done it all, what’s next? DVF: After coming to New York City, I was lucky and privileged to become the woman I wanted to be. Now that I’m older, I would like to spend the rest of my life using my voice, my knowledge, my connections—anything I have—to help all women become the women they want to be. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR This article originally appears in the June/July 2019 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, available on newsstands May 21. Models: Akiima, Charlee Fraser, and Emmy Rappe; Hair: Michael Silva for R+Co; Makeup: Hung Vanngo; Manicures: Casey Herman for Chanel; von Furstenberg’s hair and makeup: Heidi Lee Crow.
 A few tricks on how to wear the classic accessory like a fashion editor.  The right scarf, with the perfect print and a luxe silky texture, can transform any ensemble–adding a bit of vintage-inspired sophistication and detail. Legacy fashion houses have issued their signature prints in the form of scarves for decades, creating a timeless accessory in the process. But, how are all the cool girls wearing scarves in 2019? Ahead, master these seven scarf styling tips to keep the look fresh and modern throughout every season. Then, shop our favorites.  Lay your scarf down flat, fold it along the diagonal axis, fold two of its corners down to the middle, and fold in half.  Twist your scarf around the handle of your bag, then tie excess ends into a bow or knot for an elevated update to your favorite bag. Fold your scarf into a triangle, twist over into a thin silhouette, then wrap around your wrist, and secure with a knot.   Put your hair into a low bun or let it hang down at the nape of your neck, then fold your scarf on the diagonal to create a triangle. Tie the ends into a knot at the back of your head.     Simply wrap your silk scarf around your neck, let it drape down your chest and loosely tie leftover strands into a delicate knot at the bottom.   Fold your silk scarf into a triangle then roll up. Wrap around your neck, crossing the ends behind, and tie a gentle knot beneath the chin. Adjust the scarf to the left or right and leave long strands to hang.    
 It wouldn't be our first guess. A pair of Christian Louboutin heels would be at the top of many a woman's wish list. With their sky-high stiletto heels and that iconic red sole, Louboutins are an instantly recognizable fashion statement.  Thursdays are So Kate. 📷 @lnestyle A post shared by  Christian Louboutin (@louboutinworld) on Aug 3, 2017 at 10:01am PDT But we never knew the story behind that iconic red sole until now. After dissecting Christian Louboutin's Rizzoli book, Marie Claire discovered that it was actually nail polish that gave the designer his inspiration.  Veuillez laisser un message, s’il vous plait. #LouboutinWorld 📷 @beautylicieuse A post shared by  Christian Louboutin (@louboutinworld) on Aug 4, 2017 at 12:05pm PDT After stealing his assistant's red nail varnish, Louboutin painted the plain black sole on a shoe just to see what it looked like. He loved the result so much that from then on he produced all his shoes with a red lacquered sole—something which quickly became his signature.  Leave on a high note in Louloudancing. 📷 @upcloseandstylish A post shared by  Christian Louboutin (@louboutinworld) on Aug 1, 2017 at 9:06am PDT Fortunately, Louboutin no longer uses red nail polish to paint his shoes but, in tribute, you can now buy a 'Rouge Louboutin' nail varnish that is exactly the same color as those iconic soles.  Rouge alert! #BeauteLouboutin A post shared by  Christian Louboutin (@louboutinworld) on Jun 11, 2017 at 7:03am PDT Christian Louboutin Nail Colour in 'Rouge Louboutin', $50, nordstrom.com. SHOP 
From: Cosmopolitan UK

 Please enjoy these photos from the twin’s forgotten runway debut in 2004.  Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen may now be the CFDA Award-winning designers behind The Row, but their road to the high fashion world wasn't always so well...high fashion. In case you forgot, the sisters' first foray into fashion design was back in 2004 with the launch of the Mary-Kate and Ashley collection (sold at the fashion mecca you may know as Walmart, nonetheless). Designed for kids and the coolest of teens, the line included apparel and accessories for every fashun star in the making. Mary-Kate and Ashley's Walmart collection may be a long way from The Row's luxe leather handbags and ready-to-wear retailing for upwards of $2,000, but that doesn't make this 2004 runway debut in Paris any less iconic. Bask in all the nostalgic glory that is the Olsen's first fashion show below.  For their debut as designers, Mary-Kate and Ashley wore some signature early 2000s trends: a dress over jeans for MK, a stringy scarf for Ashley, and ultra-pointy pumps to top off both looks.  On the runway, there were going-out tops for pre-teens, ribbons worn as belts and pink handbags giving off some Paris Hilton vibes.  But because Mary-Kate and Ashley understood versatility, there were some khaki pants and knit sweaters for the more conservative–yet cool–teens.  Then, there was the beach look made of early 2000s dreams: colored lens sunglasses, crimped hair (that nearly burned off from being in the crimper so long) and a rhinestone-belted bikini.  Do you see these poses and capri pants? Don't mess with anyone wearing Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen for Walmart, thankyouverymuch.  For a more elegant playdate, there were pretty floral satin looks with matching handbags for your Lip Smackers and Nokia phone.  Okay fine, would definitely still wear this matching look today.  The All-American looks for teens didn't disappoint either.  Who needs shoes when you've got an outfit this good?  The Row is luxe and great but honestly, will anything ever compare to the genius of these iconic designs? I think not. 
 Shop them all for under $100.  Summer is quickly approaching, which means it's officially swimsuit season—ready or not. Continuing in last summer's hottest beach trend, the one-piece swimsuit is taking over in all its glory this season. Sexy, flattering, and offered up in endless cuts for all body types, there's a one-piece suit for every woman to shine in this summer.  Scroll down to shop the best swimsuits that won't break the bank—all coming in at under $100.  Exotic animal prints make for an effortless way to go luxe. Throw on a pair of denim cut-offs or a sarong with this leopard suit and you're good to go.  Swimsuits for All x GabiFresh plus-size swimsuit, $70, swimsuitsforall.com. SHOP You can never go wrong in classic black and white. This sexy one-piece is equal parts chic and flattering.  Summersalt swimsuit, $95, summersalt.com. SHOP Keep your look sunny with a bright, bold yellow hued one-piece. This ribbed suit also doubles as the perfect tank when worn with denim shorts or wide-leg culottes.  Topshop swimsuit, $45, topshop.com. SHOP Play with prints in an unexpected pattern and color combo.  Nos Beachwear swimsuit, $64, farfetch.com. SHOP A horizontally striped suit makes for an elongating and flattering swim cut for every body.  H&M swimsuit, $15, hm.com. SHOP This 1989-inspired cut from J.Crew feels especially nostalgic in a dusty lavender hue.  J.Crew swimsuit, $65, jcrew.com. SHOP Play with cut-outs and silhouettes with a bold one-shouldered bathing suit.  Solid + Striped  swimsuit, $75, theoutnet.com. SHOP Go nautical in a striped suit that was practically made for sunbathing along the Riviera.  Lygia & Nanny swimsuit, $84, farfetch.com. SHOP A striking blue hue acts as a neutral look poolside or by the beach.  Pepper & Mayne swimsuit, $64, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Take the plunge in a deep v-neck cut suit. Make it sexy with a sheer sarong or take the casual route with a pair of denim shorts.  Mikoh swimsuit, $88, theoutnet.com. SHOP Belted one-pieces are one of summer's hottest swim trends—and this flattering cut makes for the perfect way to try the look.  Summersalt swimsuit, $95, summersalt.com. SHOP Try an athletic-inspired one-piece that doubles as a sporty bodysuit for a day or night look.  Duskii swimsuit, $90, farfetch.com. SHOP If you're on the hunt for a sexy bathing suit that will flatter your figure, look no further than H&M's v-neck shaping suit.  H&M Plus swimsuit, $35, hm.com. SHOP Go for a sporty vibe in this striped adidas one-piece that works both for a day by the pool or tucked into a pair of jogger pants for a killer athleisure look.  Adidas swimsuit, $45, farfetch.com. SHOP Switch up a classic maillot suit with a colorful striped print iteration.  Bianca Balti  swimsuit, $79, yoox.com. SHOP
 Are they boots or are they jeans? An investigation.  Hello, yes, 911? I’d like to report a case of stolen identity. Jennifer Lopez’s Versace boots appear to be impersonating a pair of miniature jeans and I’m concerned. They even have their own leather belt and tiny pockets, please hurry. The singer stepped out in the denim Versace boots yesterday, making us all do a double-take: are they jeans or are they boots? This is a case for the FBI. Embracing the perplexing fashion hybrid, JLo skipped wearing pants altogether and styled the over-the-knee denim boots with an oversized white button-down shirt. Despite the fact that the boots are going through a severe identity crisis, she managed to make it a full LOOK anyway.    Versace then shared a close-up of the jean boots and revealed that in addition to a leather belt, they also have tiny pockets (which seems fully necessary).  #JenniferLopez wearing a pair of denim boots from the #VersaceResort19 collection. #VersaceCelebrities https://t.co/3RxPsl4NwR pic.twitter.com/LEnbqb7Mwy Now the real question is: what is JLo carrying around in her boot pockets?
 Emma Stone's transparent shirt is flawless. As we approach this year's Oscars, and await all of the best looks from the red carpet, celebs have been demonstrating their penchant for major costume changes. From Margot Robbie's red and black pinstripe suit, to Greta Gerwig's selection of gorgeous dresses, 2018's pre-Oscar parties did not disappoint. In the Bulleit Frontier Whiskey Lounge at the Film Independent Spirit Awards. Wearing Chanel at the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California.  Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the Piaget Celebrates Independent Film with The Art of Elysium at the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles, California.  Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California.  Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California.  Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California.  Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California.  Attending the Charles Finch and Chanel Pre-Oscar Awards Dinner in Los Angeles, California.  Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California. Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California. Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California. Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California. Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California. Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California. Attending the 11th annual celebration of the 2018 female Oscar nominees presented by Women in Film in Beverly Hills, California. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Jewelry by Piaget. Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  Attending the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards on March 3, 2018 in Santa Monica, California.  
From: ELLE US

 For Gabriela Hearst, luxury isn't a matter of "more is more," it's about making the most of what you have. As a civilization, we spent more than 8,000 years creating beautiful objects that were made in a sustainable way. Now, almost all of the plastic found in the North Pacific Ocean is from the past 15 years, according to a recent study. I've lived in New York for longer than that! Researchers estimate that only about 9 percent of mass-produced plastics ever made has been recycled. We just got used to this premade life. Try spending a day without using plastic— it's practically impossible.  We have to be very conscious that potato chip bags and candy wrappers, as innocent as they look, have nowhere to go. As I travel around the world, I see plastic everywhere. I was born on a ranch in Uruguay that is far away from everything, yet you still find plastics in the rivers there. Last year, I traveled to Turkana County, Kenya, to help with famine relief, and even in this desolate, drought-stricken area you find plastic. I come from a culture in which you’re meant to leave the earth better for your children than you found it, and I don’t feel we’re doing that. “If you know that something is made with the utmost integrity, it’s more valuable, and therefore less likely to be viewed as disposable.” My dream was to create a luxury company that does all the home work for our customers on sustainability. I want to do as many products of high quality and integrity as I can. To me, that’s true luxury. It’s not trend-based; it’s timeless design that speaks to the past, present, and future. And “present” is the keyword: Clothing needs to feel contemporary and relevant, which is what we try to achieve each season. To this end, we produce collections using beautiful, sustainable fabrics, and that way we don’t create waste. This makes sense from a business perspective, an environmental perspective, and a desirability perspective. IF you know that something is made with the utmost integrity, it's more valuable, and therefore less likely to be viewed as disposable.  For me, sustainability is about taking responsibility personally, professionally, and civically. At Gabriela Hearst, we have a company-wide goal of being plastic-free by next April. A lot of people don’t realize this, but nearly every piece of clothing being worn right now arrived wrapped in plastic—like a dry-cleaning bag—before it landed on a shopping rack. To combat this kind of waste, we’re partnering with the innovative Israeli company TIPA, which makes 100 percent biodegradable packaging. Once a piece is unpacked, say, a dress, the packaging is composted, similar to an orange peel! I’m really big on reusing and recycling in general—my desk at my office is a farm table from the 1800s, and the chairs are upholstered in leftover cashmere from previous collections. We are not adding to the negative, and the hope is that eventually we can add to the positive. I’m opening my first store this fall, on Madison Avenue, right by the Carlyle hotel. The goal of this store is to prove that you can create a green environment without sacrificing luxury.When people think of sustainability, many still think granola and tree-hugging. I want to educate consumers. Within the environmental movement, there’s a place for luxury, pleasure, great design, and quality.   All of the fashion stories from our October 2018 issue include women photographed by women, and have been published completely unretouched. Hair: Tommy Buckett for Garnier; Makeup: Rommy Najor for Babor Skincare.
 Alfeya Valrina's mini bags are about to take over.  We're always on the hunt for the next cool bag brand. The latest designer on our radar doesn't hail from a major fashion capital like New York or Paris. Instead, a small, female-led brand based out of Jakarta is catching our eye for all the right reasons. You may have seen Alfeya Valrina's colorful mini bags on the street style scene at Fashion Week or while scrolling Instagram. But beyond creating a buzzy new micro bag that's 'gram-worthy, the designer built something much bigger: a sustainable fashion brand that supports fair labor and local artisans in her native country, Indonesia.   Valrina studied fashion design in New York and L.A. at FIT and FIDM. But when it came time to launch her own brand, the young designer opted out of the traditional New York or Italy-based route, instead moving back to her native Indonesia to build something that could support her home country.  At a time when fashion brands around the world are struggling to get sustainability right, Valrina built her brand with zero-waste, fair labor, and ethical sourcing at its core. Instead of importing leathers from Europe, the brand only uses materials locally sourced from tanneries throughout Indonesia. Valrina employs local artisans to create jobs and promote fair wages–an especially important practice in Indonesia, where many large fashion brands exploit factory workers with extremely low pay and dangerous working conditions.     The artisans use minimal machinery, which saves on energy consumption and reduces the brand's carbon footprint. Bags are produced on-demand to avoid overstocking and excess products, and leftover pieces are up-cycled into new accessories to eliminate waste.  As for the bags themselves, the styles range from croc-embossed leather to smooth, buttery finishes in an array of colors. The mini Joe Joe bag, available in playful textures including shiny patent red, lime-green corduroy, and glam black croc, became an instant favorite amongst the fashion set. The prices range from $98 - $350, making for an affordable bag that you don't have to feel guilty about—a rarity in today's fast fashion-filled world .  After many decades of It bags coming solely from the world's biggest fashion houses, the rise of a small, one woman-led brand like Alfeya Valrina indicates more stylish women are trading in the fancy logos for purchases they can actually feel good about. 
 This is how you get through a jam-packed schedule in style. Victoria Beckham really is the very best advert for her own designs—and at the moment she is doing an excellent job of showing off her autumn/winter 2017 collection. Yesterday, the fashion designer headed to New York City to attend various meetings and talks, as well as to have a dinner date with her eldest son. For each occasion, Beckham changed into an ensemble more fabulous than the last. The day began with Beckham speaking on a panel for which she wore a high-necked, ankle-length, pink dress, which she teamed with knee-high burgundy boots. She added a pair of oversized green stud earrings and, of course, her trademark sunglasses. Next up, Beckham was spotted wearing a geometric-print ensemble. It featured a long skirt with a matching top. She wore the same burgundy boots and the same sunglasses and carried a boxy top-handled tote.   For her final ensemble of the day, Beckham headed out to dinner with her eldest son, Brooklyn, who has just relocated to the city from London to study photography at Parsons. She wore a bright orange, oversized ensemble in the form of a short-sleeved, silk, button-up shirt and matching flared trousers. Despite the late hour, her sunnies were still firmly on. The look was actually from her spring/summer 2018 collection, where it was shown in white on the catwalk. Beckham also shared a snap to her Instagram of her cuddling up to Brooklyn.   So happy to be in NYC x Kisses x A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Oct 12, 2017 at 4:55pm PDT  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 She got it from her mama. If anyone's aware of Cindy Crawford's supermodel legacy, it's her daughter Kaia Gerber. Yesterday, the 16-year-old—who's a rising model herself—gave her mother a very subtle sartorial shoutout, paying homage to one of her most iconic model moments. Gerber was spotted in New York City on Wednesday sporting a Pepsi bomber jacket, bringing to mind Crawford's Super Bowl commercial for the soda brand 25 years ago. The reference might not have been intentional, but it's a sweet callback nonetheless. Gerber doesn't actually have a Pepsi deal (she's currently the face of Marc Jacobs Beauty), but who knows? She could be following further into her mother's footsteps in the future. For reference, here's Crawford's original ad, circa 1992: Gerber is slated to make her NYFW debut in the days to come, but luckily she doesn't have to go through it alone; her mother is also in New York to offer her support as she achieves the major modeling milestone. "I’ve given her a lot of advice," Crawford told WWD about her daughter's first NYFW. "Specifically to fashion week: There’s always another party, you don’t have to do every single thing. You can’t do every single thing."
 The designer presented his Collection 2 show in Brooklyn over the weekend.   Back in June, Alexander Wang embarked on his new runway schedule outside of the traditional New York Fashion Week calendar. The designer, who will now be presenting a Collection 1 show in June and Collection 2 show in December, debuted the latter on Saturday night with a leather and tweed-filled runway in Brooklyn.  Delivering his own take on "The American Hustle," Wang merged a melting pot of aesthetics together for a collection celebrating working women (and men) on the go. There were Matrix-inspired leather skirts fused with Chanel-esque tweeds for a fresh take on uptown meets downtown style. There were nods to '80s power suiting and a series of casual sporty looks bringing the "work hard, play hard" mentality to life on the runway. But perhaps most impressively, there were grownup pigtails and towel-wrapped hairstyles that managed to look not only cool, but somehow chic.    Wang, who has always been a master of party girl style, continued his foray into the working girl world with more matured looks for the woman who hustles well beyond her 9-to-5. While doing so, he managed to stay true to the brand's DNA—bringing a touch of downtown cool to every look, even ladylike tweed cardigans and jackets.    The collection's real piéce de resistance that everyone can get at home? Bath towel-wrapped hair topping off on-the-go looks (a vibe every busy woman can get behind). Consider it the modern-day take on your mom's hair in curlers look—or perhaps bathleisure? Either way, expect to see this "hair trend" take over Instagram.    As always, the show delivered a front row filled with members of the Wang squad, including 21 Savage, Teyana Taylor, Paloma Elsesser, and a surprise appearance from Sophia the Robot.    Special guest @realsophiarobot, @21savage and @teyanataylor sitting front row at our #Collection2 runway show tonight in New York City. A post shared by  alexanderwang (@alexanderwangny) on Dec 1, 2018 at 8:41pm PST 
 The Queen of bikini Instagrams introduces Inamorata Swim.  If there's one person who won the summer of 2017, it was Emily Ratajowski with all her endless, picture-perfect vacation Instagrams. Chances are if you are a living, breathing human with a pulse and access to Instagram, you liked at least one (or all) of the model's bathing suit snaps over the season.  Now taking her penchant for swimwear beyond the 'gram, Ratajkowski is introducing her own bathing suit collection, Inamorata Swim. The line, which is launching with six different swimsuit styles, ranges in price from $75 - $160.    Including some of the key swim elements Ratajkowski is known to rock (high-waisted cuts, cheeky backsides, and ultra-sexy cut-outs), the styles include both bikinis and one-pieces. From a leopard high-cut one-piece to a sweet polka dot bikini, Inamorata suits are ideal for getting that perfect vacation Instagram à la Em Rata.   To celebrate the launch, the model shared a super sexy topless photoshoot wearing the brand's polka dot bikini and a towel wrapped on her head. I think I can speak for all of us when I say that I'm hoping the bathing suits come with a magical superpower to make me look like this when I wear them:  Though Ratajkowski has collaborated with brands like The Kooples on capsule collections in the past, the launch of Inamorata marks her first foray into designing a brand entirely of her own. And while it may have only launched with six styles, there's a good chance the model-backed brand will only continue to grow and take over all of our Instagram feeds (not that we're complaining).  Shop the new swimsuits now at inamorataswim.com. 
 BAZAAR’s edit of glam gifts inspired by silver screen actresses…  Take a note from the original squad of It-girls from the Golden Age of Hollywood. Inspired by the most fashionable film icons of the early 20th century, these gifts are both iconic and timeless for every leading lady on your list.  Puttin’ on the Ritz, Mae West style. Chantecaille brush collection, $185, shopbazaar.com.  SHOP Christian Dior lip and cheek colour, $38, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Laura Mercier eye palette, $55, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Pre-KiraKira+ (and motion pictures with color), Joan Crawford paired basics with stunning statement jewels.  Lagos necklace, $3,750, shopbazaar.com. SHOP 3.1 Phillip Lim necklace, $795, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Eddie Borgo necklace, $400, shopbazaar.com. SHOP When more is more, channel Greta Garbo and pile on the ruffles, pleats, and tulle.  Dundas dress, $9,990, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Simone Rocha skirt, $420, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Johanna Ortiz bodysuit, $995, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Give a wardrobe instant update à la Marlene Dietrich with cozy fur accents.  Demarson sash, $2,690, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Alexander Wang bag, $695, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Valentino shoes, $1,495, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Fall in line with Elizabeth Taylor’s style motto who believed one was *never* underdressed.  Balmain gown, $4,215, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Marni gown, $1,690, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Deborah Kerr in The End of the Affair proves that a ladylike handbag is appropriate for any occasion, both on-screen and off.  Givenchy bag, $1,990, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Stalvey bag, $11,500, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Salvatore Ferragamo bag, $2,200, shopbazaar.com. SHOP For post-Polar Vortex or tropical getaways, gift a Rita Hayworth-inspired topper.  Gigi Burris Millinery hat, $365, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Maison Michel hat, $935, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Stick to the classics… Lauren Bacall and pearls.  Axenoff Jewellery earrings, $3,000, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Lele Sadoughi necklace, $420, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Oscar de la Renta ring, $190, shopbazaar.com. SHOP But with Katharine Hepburn, is it ever wrong? Olivia von Halle dress, $1,080, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Vivetta top, $460, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Perfect your Grace Kelly-inspired sunglasses + headscarf + nonchalant attitude look with these retro sunnies.   Le Specs x Adam Selman sunglasses, $119, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Thierry Lasry sunglasses, $400, shopbazaar.com. SHOP Mykita sunglasses, $519, shopbazaar.com. SHOP
 Meet the whole gang. Now this definitely isn't your grade school swim team one-piece. Cult-favorite Solid & Striped has tapped 13 top models to join their summer '18 swim team, and design their very own swimsuits. This collaboration comes as no surprise considering S&S, founded by Isaac Ross in 2012 (with women's launching in 2014), has been a go-to for the leggy set, and those that want to look like them. Are you an Elsa? A high-cut sporty bikini, or maybe you're more of a Jourdan? A sexy cut-out one-piece. The capsule collection has a little something for everyone. While we don't imagine you'll be doing laps in these chic suits, you can stock up for your next Instagram-worthy getaway starting now on solidandstriped.com. Click through to see the whole collection. Inspiration: "Sporty '90s editorials of Claudia Schiffer, Elle Macpherson, Naomi Campbell. I was also inspired by simple white cotton underwear, like understated, simple, crisp and sexy."  Inspiration: "sexy, 1970’s beach and nightlife. I wanted a suit that could transition from beach to lunch or dinner, by putting on a wrap skirt, a hoop earring and go!" How her swimsuit is reflective of her style: "I love strappy pieces – whether it be on a shoe or a piece of clothing. It makes for an edgy and sexy look which I absolutely love! Plus, this feature also allows you to wrap and wear it however you want!" Inspiration: "I wanted it to have a vintage vibe, be wearable and comfortable. I think a high wasted brief is flattering on most figures and If I could only design one swimsuit I wanted it to be something that would appeal to more than one body type." On how she'd wear her swimsuit: "It’s great as a suit and looks super cool leaving beach with a pair of old Levi’s" Inspiration: "A modern open back simple Calvin Klein dress with the 90 degree angled straps." Inspiration: "I was inspired by the struggle to find a one piece that was both flattering and fit my body properly." Inspiration: "to create a sexy, comfortable and ageless piece, that fits every single body type!"
 Ready or not, festival season is upon us.  Whether you live for festival style or painfully cringe at the sound of those two words, Coachella season is upon us! We've all come to expect the token flower crowns, boho sundresses, and abundance of choker necklaces, but dressing for the Californian music festival doesn't have to be so predictable. Get inspired by the girls who got Coachella style right last year, and shop fresh outfit ideas for this year's festival below. It doesn't have to be all flower crowns and boho dresses. H.E.R. proves a tube top, camo pants, and chunky sandals make for even cooler festival style.  Make your go-to print dress pop by styling it with a pair of knee-high cowboy boots.   Flower Child 🌸 @revolve #revolvefestival A post shared by  Jasmine Sanders (@golden_barbie) on Apr 15, 2018 at 1:42am PDT Not only is crochet one of spring's top trends, it's a festival staple that never gets old. Try the look in a colorful set or with a sweeping maxi dress.  UGGFluffchella Sandal$140 SHOP NOW  Matching separates make for an effortless way to instantly look put together. Bonus points if they're done in a bright color or vibrant print.   💕 @revolve #revolvefestival #revolvepartner A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Apr 15, 2018 at 1:01pm PDT The most unexpected festival look of all? A crisp white shirt dress worn with a ladylike bag. Take note from EmRata and Elsa Hosk. COSA-Line Shirt Dress$125 SHOP NOW Add a little lace into your look in the form of a lace bustier or bodysuit that's easy to layer.   🍒Pool Party Palm Springs Style🍒  #ghdxcoachella #ghdgold @ghdhair A post shared by  R O C H E L L E  H U M E S (@rochellehumes) on Apr 14, 2018 at 12:10pm PDT Style a bra stop with a high-waisted skirt or pants for a fresh off my yacht look.   Top off your look with a belt bag that makes it easy to go hands free all weekend long.  If there's ever a time to be bold and go sheer, it's at Coachella. Now's your chance to wear a swimsuit cover-up as a dress and fully get away with it. 
 The bags, sandals, and dresses worth buying.  Spring has sprung and so has its many sales. The latest comes from Nordstrom, which is offering up to 50% off on apparel, shoes, bags, jewelry, and more. With over 150 pages of sale items to sift through, the deals are slightly overwhelming, so I did all the clicking for you to find the spring and summer must-haves worth shopping. From everyday sandals to It bags, skirts, and dresses, here's what to buy.  Originally $218, 40% off Do you need another floral dress? Maybe not, but this ultra-sweet square-neckline dress is worth adding to your collection anyway.   Originally $155, 50% off Swap out your go-to hoops for these beaded heart earrings that feel fresh.  Originally $175, 40% off We're obsessed with everything snake print this season—these block-heeled sandals included.  Originally $78, 40% off From outdoor soirées to music festivals, this eyelet top is a summer staple. Originally $75, 50% off Tie-dye is back as one of spring's hottest trends and Topshop's subtle slip dress is the perfect way to ease into the look.  Originally $425, 65% off A denim skirt that's anything but basic.  Originally $430, 30% off Add a splash of color to your look in one of summer's hottest shades.  Originally $128, 40% off A romantic, square-neck top you can wear with all your favorite jeans.  Originally $295, 40% off Meet your new everyday sandals for summer.  Originally $88, 40% off The perfect spring pants done in a pastel hue that feels fresh.  Originally $195, 50% off A classic black bag that works for day or night.  Originally $88, 40% off Wear it with a bodysuit on the weekend or a blouse for the office.  Originally $218, 30% off There's a reason this brand is a summer bag favorite amongst the fashion set.  Originally $85, 50% off Treat yourself to a new denim jacket—which you'll undoubtedly wear to death this season. This boxy, oversize style from Topshop is perfect for layering.  Originally $60, 40% off  If you haven't yet boarded the leopard skirt train, now's the time.  Originally $218, 50% off Ideal for date night and all your summer parties.  Originally $595, 50% off Ideal for pairing with your favorite midi dresses, you'll live in these white booties all season long.  Originally $75, 50% off  An effortlessly chic summer look. Originally $79, 40% off We'll be wearing this swimsuit as a bodysuit with all our favorite slip skirts this summer. 
 That latex bodysuit, though. Unless you've been living under a rock, you'll know that Teyana Taylor has been killing New York Fashion Week. At Tuesday night's show for The Blonds, she was at it again, this time in the sexy thong bodysuit version of hospital gloves. She opened the show facing backwards, as one does. Then, she proceeded to S👏 T 👏  R 👏 U 👏  T.   #PressPlay #TeyanaTaylor opens up for @theblondsny fashion show 😍 #NYFW A post shared by  HOLLYWOOD UNLOCKED (@hollywoodunlocked) on Sep 12, 2017 at 8:45pm PDT  Check this look out close up. After she made her first lap, she kept circling the room, ending up in the front before the cameras again. She also did many casual squats, again, as one does, during this time.   Again and again and again 💋thank you @theblondsny letting me open ur show tonight!!! 😩😩😍😘😘😘😘😘 A post shared by  Jimmy Neutch- Shumpert (@teyanataylor) on Sep 12, 2017 at 9:14pm PDT  Struttin' into the final day of @nyfw like ... @theblondsny @teyanataylor A post shared by  Videofashion (@videofashionofficial) on Sep 13, 2017 at 7:12am PDT   
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Take note from the ladies who wear this iconic duo with ease... Once upon a time, skinny jeans were the only acceptable denim to pair with ankle boots. With the influx of trends, in both footwear and denim, the modern pairings of now feature a variety of jean lengths, fits, and volumes that look oh-so-good when complimented by the perfect bootie. Get inspired by these new outfit combinations that will have you ready to swap out sandals for booties.  For a casual and classic ensemble, wear your favorite striped sweater with white jeans and a pair of suede booties; the variety in this look is easy to recreate for the weekend.  The buttery cocoa brown of this little suede boot looks so good against a stark white jean.  Take your outfit to the Old Town Road with an updated western inspired look. Keep things modern by pairing high-waisted straight-leg jeans with a pair of patent leather stiletto boots.  These patent boots are a wardrobe essential that'll last stick around for seasons to come.  A cropped, raw-hem pair of denim is the perfect way to show off a shorter statement bootie, especially one featuring croc-effect.   This easy-to-wear croc-effect boot from Ganni deserves to be shown off.  Wearing classic pieces with a trendy print is the perfect way to upgrade an everyday look.  Elevate even the most casual of errand-running outfits with a snakeskin boot like this one.  Leave it to Alyssa Coscarelli to make a case for the two-tone bootie. Opt for a cropped wide-leg pair of jeans so these unique boots can do all the talking.  A black leather two-tone boot featuring a pointed toe and cow-girl inspired details.  White on white on white is always a good idea; take it from Rihanna in styling white boots with white wide-leg pants. If she does it, then it's definitely a cool-girl move.  A kitten heel that was made for walking.  A longline plaid coat looks extra chic when worn with neutral, matching booties.  For a trendy twist on your favorite neutral shoe.  You can't go wrong with the classics, right? A belted coat, vintage Levi's, and a camel-hued kitten heel boot goes a long way.  These are easy to walk in, and easy to style; no matter the aesthetic. Despite our love and obsession for cropped high waisted denim, flare leg jeans are still just as chic. Play with proportions and lengths by pairing them with sleek patent leather kitten booties.  For an affordable and subtly elegant kitten heeled boot option.  Comfortable outfits aren't exclusive to leggings and flip flops anymore. Put a twist on your casual wear with an oversized chunky sweater, creamy colored jeans and a pair of lace-up booties that'll surely turn heads everywhere you go.  These budget-friendly booties feature a stacked wooden heel and corset lacing, making them look more expensive than they are. 
 The Swedish model on killing it on the 'gram and what makes the perfect pair of jeans. If you're one of Elsa Hosk's 5.4 million Instagram followers, you know that she's not just another model who posts all of her editorials and covers—this is a girl who loves fashion, and wears it. Her images are fun and cool and a little off-the-cuff, the kind of French hotel room shots and NYC street style images that get reposted by lesser-followed "influencers". She wears vintage Dior, Gucci and Fendi, along with current Saint Laurent suits and inexpensive brands like Reformation. Hosk has also dipped a toe in designing and collaborations. The latest on the docket is an 11-piece sustainable collection with model-favorite denim label J.Brand—and it's good.  The new line, called the #LittleJean collection—following a successful #LittleBlueJean and #LittleBlackJean collaboration with former Kardashian assistant and social media darling Stephanie Shepherd—is comprised of a leather blazer and five pant styles, including a '70s-inspired high rise, a classic vintage pair, and an '80s cut with added hardware.  As for the sustainability element, the brand went for it. There was an average 90% water reduction used during the wash process, manmade eco stones were used, eliminating the need to incorporate mined pumice stones, a natural resource from the Earth that results in large amounts of post-use waste—which is ultimately discarded in our oceans—and all tags, trims, and hardware are made of recycled and/or sustainably sourced materials. Hosk oversaw the design and creative of the collection (which ranges in price from $248 to $1298) including the lookbook, photographed by Zooey Grossman. Read about Hosk's inspiration, her influencer status, and how her hometown Stockholm style melds with her NYC life. What do you look for in great denim? For me a great jean is about the whole package—it’s got to have the fit, the wash, the cool-factor and flatter my body. In this collection it was so important for me to do a few different styles for every woman to feel great and comfortable and look amazing. Denim is so personal! Not everyone looks good in one jean, so I really tried to make something for every woman regarding both fit and style.  What’s your ideal denim silhouette? I think I’ll be living in loose denim for a while. I’m in love with the wide '70s style (the Monday Jean) and the round '80s style in this collection (the Playday Jean). Oh and the straight gray jean (the Sunday Jean) has been my go-to ever since I got the sample.  How would you describe your style? Mix and match, vintage and designer together, comfortable, unique!   What was your vision for this collection? To make a bad-ass collection for every woman!  I wanted every jean to be cool but wouldn’t go out of style, have modern shapes and vintage looking washes, and be comfortable while flattering!  Shop additional pieces at jbrandjeans.com. What is your favorite piece? It's so hard to choose but I love the leather pieces and the round '80s style (the Playday Jean) and the straight gray jean (the Sunday Jean) that I live in every day.  How would you style it? I’ve been styling the jean with little crop tops , sweatshirts, sneakers or strapped heels.  Has living in the US influenced your style? If so how? In the US the style is very laid-back and casual, a bit more influenced by sport than Europe.  How does it compare to Stockholm style? I haven’t been there a lot in the past years so I’m sure it’s changed but people really love fashion and wear a lot more tailored and structured  pieces. I used to have so many nice structured coats that just feel too dressy on the streets of New York. I think the weather also influenced Scandinavian style a lot so people wear a lot of gray, black, and white.  You’ve become a fashion influencer on social media, how do you feel about that role? I’m ok with that because I love fashion! I love finding vintage pieces and mixing it with my designer wardrobe. I’ll wear a 20 dollar vintage dress with a Vuitton chunky sneaker. That’s my favorite way of dressing, something a bit off but it still goes together somehow. I wear a lot of color because it makes me happy.  What’s your approach to Instagram? How often do you post? Do you plan content? I never plan anything so all my posts are pretty organic. I try to snap a cool photo on my way to an event or when I’m out to lunch with my boyfriend, or after work, I never let it take more than five minutes. I don’t look for good locations, just if I happen to walk by something and it doesn’t seem like it would take up too much of my time. I don’t really have time to plan my Instagram 'cause I’m always working so it has to be on the go, which I think makes it look a bit more real too, because it is! How would you describe what’s in your closet right now? What’s the mix? Just too much stuff! But a lot of oversized blazers and little simple strappy sandals, vintage Chanel and new Prada!  In your years of modeling what did you learn about posing for a photo effectively? To know your angles and face expressions.  Do you treat how you pose for Insta differently than a modeling job? Yes definitely! For Instagram I just try to make it in the moment kind of more real life moments and more natural poses, and for fashion it can be that or very extreme.  Do you see more designing in your future? Definitely more to come I hope! I have so much fun designing and coming up with concepts. 
 Welcome to Sustainable Style, a new series in partnership with the New Standard Institute, where we'll be publishing stories devoted to the fashion and beauty industry's effects on the environment. Click through for lessons on how to shop sustainably, explorations on what the future of your closet really looks like, and plenty of myth-busting along the way.  Shapeless silhouettes. Hippie fabrics. Crunchy designs. These words have long been synonymous with sustainable fashion, but a new guard of eco-conscious clothing pioneers are proving that earth-friendly and fashion-forward are no longer mutually exclusive.  Focusing on artisanal labor, high-quality natural fabrics and local supply chains, along with a reduction of energy and water consumption, elimination of chemical use, and minimal impact on forests and biodiversity, we've put together eight sustainable looks from brands that have our seal of approval. One thing you won't see? Recycled polyester, which has become synonymous with sustainability, despite data suggesting it may have a higher carbon footprint than natural fiber—not to mention the micro-plastic pollution it generates.  As we steer the industry on a more sustainable path, we hope to impart one important message to our readers: Only buy what you love, and what you will wear for decades to come.  This, we've come to learn, is the best solution—outside of wearing no clothes at all. Did you know fashion made from polyester is responsible for 500,000 tonnes of plastic microfibers entering our oceans every year?   Did you know garment workers usually receive only .5 - 4 percent of the final retail cost of a garment?   Did you know the fast fashion industry is responsible for over 8 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions? 
  Did you know by 2030, CO2 emissions from the fashion industry are projected to increase by more than 60 percent? Did you know Americans are throwing away 81 lbs of clothing per person, per year? Did you know plastic microfibers shed from synthetic clothing are ending up in our food supply? If the industry continues on its current path, by 2050 it could use more than 26 percent of the total global carbon budget.  
 
 They're getting bigger and better this season. Statement earrings aren't playing second fiddle to your look this season. Give your simple studs a day off and make sure to let your ears hang low with these eye-catching ear-catching pairs. Who's there? Your new favorite earrings.  Ellery earrings, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP Go big, then go bigger! A staple that won't go out of style any time soon.  Eddie Borgo earrings, $275, shopbazaar.com SHOP Snakes are much more appealing when they deck your ears.  Yazbukey earrings, $98, shopbazaar.com SHOP Perfect for an all-eyes-on-your-ears moment. LHD earrings, $850, shopbazaar.com SHOP When life gives you lemons, let's hope they're in the form of these oversized earrings.  Jacquemus earrings, $240, shopbazaar.com SHOP Let your earrings do the talking.  Yazbukey earrings, $98, shopbazaar.com SHOP Bring back the '90s with a new take on traditional hoops. Lele Sadoughi earrings, $225, shopbazaar.com SHOP Ditch your winter blues: Your colorful spring look starts here.  Rebecca de Ravenel earrings, $345, shopbazaar.com SHOP Pearls are back, and not just for the ladies who lunch. Simone Rocha earrings, $310, shopbazaar.com SHOP The earrings that dance at every step.  Rebecca de Ravenel earrings, $485, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Whether embossed or studded, the fall boot staple gets an upgrade this season. Chelsea boots have long been a fall staple—they're sleek, versatile and lend just the right amount of cool to any look. Whether you stick to basic black, or like yours with a little more statement-making capabilities, shop our favorites of the season.  A rugged brown boot is perfect for the city to country shleppers.  Acne Studios boots, $560, barneys.com. SHOP Make a statement by pairing these with an all-black look.  Alexa Chung boots, $503, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Give your look a touch of mod with this booties.  Coach boots, $295, coach.com. SHOP A simple boot to pair with anything from dresses to jeans.  Everlane boots, $198, everlane.com. SHOP A leek boot with a western flair for those who aren't ready to commit to the cowboy boot trend.  Gianvito Rossi boots, $1095, net-a-porter.com. SHOP With a silver-cap toe these boots are for the cool crowd.  Calvin Klein boots, $935, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A kitten heel, and embossed-finish means these can take you from day to night.  J. Crew  boots, $268, jcrew.com. SHOP Trade clunky rain boots for these patent booties.  Jeffrey Campbell boots, $60, nordstrom.com. SHOP Take these to brunch, a walk around the city or to your favorite museum.  Madewell boots, $210, madewell.com. SHOP Turn heads in these pumped up version of the Chelsea boot.  3.1 Phillip Lim boots, $695, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP For those in seek of a more unisex look.  Common Projects boots, $530, net-a-porter.com. SHOP  The little details and patent finish make these perfect for the office.  Tod's boots, $695, matchesfashion.com. SHOP When you can't justify another pair of black boots, try a midnight blue. Topshop boots, $160, topshop.com. SHOP These will be your new all-weather go-tos.  Rag & Bone boots, $525, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Chocolate croc-embossed boots scream "luxe".  Trademark boots, $450, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 The budget-friendly jacket trends to try this season—all for under $300.   From faux fur coats to cropped puffers and long menswear-inspired styles, this season's best coats range from ultra glamorous to laid-back and effortless. For those who want to get the look without breaking the bank, we scouted all the top coat trends for under $300. Scroll down to shop our favorites.  Spotted on everyone from Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to Elsa Hosk and Kim Kardashian, Max Mara's teddy coat makes being cozy look ultra luxurious.  H&M's full-length teddy coat makes for an affordable version of celebrities' favorite Max Mara coat.  For a different take on the trend, opt for a cropped moto-inspired style.  Or try the look in a darker brown hue that will still go with everything in your wardrobe.  For the second year in a row, double-breasted menswear-inspired coats are ruling the outerwear scene. Take the trend up a notch with a checked or plaid version that really feels borrowed from the boys.  A checked camel coat will go with everything in your closet.  A classic black wool coat never goes out of style—this full-length, double-breasted style will instantly make any look polished.   For a shorter take on the check look, this coat takes your favorite blazer to the next level.  There's nothing more glam than a plush faux fur coat—especially when done in a bold color.  A merlot-hued faux fur instantly stands out amongst a crowd of all black outerwear.   Channel your grandma's vintage fur coat in this '50s and '60s-inspired chubby from Topshop.  Take the look up a notch with a longer silhouette. This black style will be your new wardrobe MVP.  Our animal print obsession isn't slowing down just yet—a leopard, snake print, or tiger coat is instantly statement-making.  You can never go wrong with a classic leopard faux fur coat.   Whether worn with or without the detachable pink faux fur collar, this coat is going to get heads turning.   Leopard coats may be everywhere, but Mango's long and belted version looks ultra-luxe without breaking the bank.  Keep warm with a cropped puffer coat that still looks cool. Try it in a bright red to really make the look pop.  Channel Gigi Hadid in this red padded coat that's under $50.  Go Americana in Levi's red, white, and blue striped puffer coat that's giving us major '90s nostalgia.   Everlane's latest collection is made entirely out of recycled plastic bottles, meaning your short puffer coat not only looks cool, it also does some good for the environment. 
 The actress is taking notes from her royal BFF. Even while they're thousands of miles apart it seems that best friends Meghan Markle and Priyanka Chopra still influence each others personal style.  Today in New York City, Chopra stepped out of her hotel in a sleek, shiny red leather pencil skirt, and coordinating silk blouse by Akris. She punctuated the look with the perfect red lip, and a tiny Stalvey box bag to her business casual look.  Did the Quantico actress take a page from Markle's royal style book? Just last week the Duchess was seen wearing an almost identical monochromatic ensemble while visiting the University of Chichester's Engineering and Digital Technology Park in the UK. The Duchess got a little edgy with her regal wear for the occasion, in a green leather pencil skirt, matching blouse and nude pumps.  Markle and Chopra have only been friends about three years but they clearly have a true bond in the style department, or could their stylists be comparing notes? Markle works with Canada-based stylist Jessica Mulroney (who she also counts as a friend), and Chopra works with celebrity stylist Mimi Cuttrell who also styles Gigi Hadid, Bella Hadid and Arianna Grande. The actress is also adding tech investor to her already accomplished resume. The New York Times announced just last week that she is the latest investor in the dating app Bumble, as well as, Holberton, a computer training school. Chopra also shared the news on her Instagram to her 28.4 million followers saying, "I am honored to join two companies that strive to expand gender diversity in the tech space, and make a social impact for the greater good... let's do this!!"   A new chapter for me! I am so excited to partner with @bumble and @holbertonschool as an investor. I’m honored to join two companies that strive to expand gender diversity in the tech space, and make a social impact for the greater good... let’s do this!! A post shared by  Priyanka Chopra Jonas (@priyankachopra) on Oct 3, 2018 at 5:02pm PDT  Rejina Pyo blouse, $535, net-a-porter.com. Diane von Furstenberg shoes, $250, net-a-porter.com.  Fiorucci skirt, $255, farfetch.com. Stalvey bag, $11,500, modaoperandi.com.
 The must-haves you'll wear from now through spring.  It's officially time to start transitioning your wardrobe from winter to spring and these pieces from Nordstrom's Winter Sale are all must-haves for doing so. From midi dresses that can be styled a million ways to spring's top jacket styles and budding accessory trends, here are the items to score before Nordstrom's big sale ends on February 24th.  Originally $179 A perfect transitional midi dress that you can wear now with knee-high boots and with booties, sandals, or sneakers come spring.  Originally $150 The perfect spring bootie.  Originally $695 Ease into spring with a denim jacket that feels anything but basic.  Originally $30  April Showers bring plenty of opportunity to wear this cool, '90s-inspired bucket hat.  Originally $148 Another perfect transitional dress that you'll wear from now through spring.  Originally $100 Fleece jackets were spotted on several Fall 2019 runways at New York Fashion Week, indicating this once-basic jacket is about to take over again. Get a head-start on the trend with this FILA iteration that's perfection to wear from winter to spring.  Originally $78 A flattering square-neck blouse that's ideal for pairing for your favorite jeans.  Originally $42 Pearls are one of our favorite spring jewelry trends and these hoops are an affordable way to get the look. Originally $348 This bag brand is proving to be a rising favorite amongst fashion girls. Scoop up this sleek bucket carryall that you'll wear all year-round while its 50% off.  Originally $215 A cropped pair of jeans ideal for showing off your new spring shoes. 
 "What I once felt ashamed of, I now celebrate." Lately I’ve been thinking a lot about space.  What does it mean to navigate a world that does not create space for you? One that shuns you and constantly reaffirms your otherness—how do you find your place? For me, it took creating an identity for myself outside of my appearance, my family history, and my socioeconomic background. It took removing the labels I was forced to wear (“poor” and “female”) and the expectations that came with them (that I was inadequate, inferior, and could not perform at the same level as my male or affluent peers). It took speaking candidly about subjects that we, as a society, have stigmatized or deemed taboo. It took wearing my hair in an afro regardless of the venue. It took uninhibited self expression and raw vulnerability, even at the risk of being disliked or misunderstood. There have been times, particularly in situations where I am being considered for a job, when I’ve contemplated shrinking my afro rather than wearing it in its stretched-out state so that it wouldn’t take up so much space or make people uncomfortable. But making myself small for the comfort of others would be a disservice to me and to those who feel forced to shrink their truth in any capacity—especially Black women.  "There have been times when I’ve contemplated shrinking my afro so that it wouldn’t take up so much space or make people uncomfortable." From our curves to our lips to our hair, our body parts have been commodified and sold by the very same people who shamed us into not loving ourselves. Unlearning the belief that my natural features were unattractive, and allowing my hair to grow and exist in its natural state, was a significant part of my healing process.  Much like my hair, I have grown and transformed internally in ways that I did not know were possible. I learned to love myself, and that self love has manifested not only as acceptance, but as gratitude for my physical appearance, where I come from and what I have been through. What I once hated and felt ashamed of, I now celebrate. I took the anger, pain and frustration I had buried deep inside of me and turned it into treasure. That’s how evolution works: we experience periods of intense pain, sadness and anxiety and transform it into something beautiful, just like caterpillars becoming butterflies. I realized that my darkness—the things I was taught to feel ashamed of and to hide—is actually my light, and by exposing that to the world I could free myself and give permission to others to do the same. Right now we are experiencing metamorphosis on a social level. We are in the midst of darkness but soon our species will emerge with a new sense of awareness: one that does not give priority and privilege to an elite few based on race, gender, or affluence, but one that has equal space, for everyone.  I have made it my mission in life to both occupy spaces that already exist—spaces that people like me have been intentionally excluded from—and to create entirely new spaces: spaces within our education system that address the specific needs of students in each district, instead of applying a one-size-fits-all algorithm; spaces within entertainment and fashion that give a platform to artists who have been systematically excluded; spaces within our homes that allow for authentic self expression regardless of what we have come to consider "normal". "Unlearning the belief that my natural features were unattractive was a significant part of my healing process." I want each of us to fearlessly create our own pathways through life rather than following the ones that have been marked for us. I want to normalize being abnormal. It is time to usher in a new paradigm centered around compassion, empathy and living authentically from the heart. For me this starts with healing the Black community through art that accurately reflects our multidimensional nature—rather than the one dimensional characterizations we’ve been forcefed, and that have dominated our collective narrative. Recently, I shot a documentary about my family’s fight for freedom after having been brought to America as enslaved people. The film, which will be released in 2019, highlights the intergenerational movement toward liberation and how it is the job of each new generation to become a little more free than the last. I also finished writing a book, which will also be published in 2019, chronicling the process of my evolution and the lessons I learned during my healing journey. I believe art made for those, and about those, who have been neglected, misrepresented and unrepresented can help heal the world, and I want to use all mediums (television, books, film, theatre, dance, and photography) to assist in that process. As a model, creating powerful imagery has also become an important tool for raising consciousness. The intention behind this series of photos was to play with the concept of dimension and space. The hair was purposefully stretched out as far as possible to create contrast with the light-colored background so that it could be seen and celebrated in its natural glory.  It is my hope that we, as individuals, come to recognize the power each of us holds to help reshape the world. By living authentically and sharing our perspectives, we are able to create space for ourselves and for those who are constantly made to feel invisible. Model, Ebonee Davis; Photographer, Anastasia Garcia; Hair, Anthony Joseph Hernandez; Makeup, Jen Navaro; Styling, Marcela Bravo
 DVF has held the position for 13 years.  It's the beginning of a new era at the Council of Fashion Designers of America. Today, the organization named Tom Ford as its new Chairman. He is succeeding Diane von Furstenberg, who has held the role for 13 years.  After holding a vote today, the CFDA revealed the designer's appointment will be effective on January 1, 2020.   Breaking News! @TomFord will be the next Chairman of the CFDA, succeeding Chairwoman Diane von Furstenberg effective January 1, 2020. Read the full story. “I have had the privilege of being a member of the American Fashion community for many years and have experienced what the CFDA does for its members and the industry as a whole,” Ford said in a statement from the CFDA. “Having lived and worked in each of the global fashion capitals of the world, I look forward to working with the Board of Directors to further the voice of American Fashion and its designers.” Current chairwoman DVF expressed her excitment for Ford's appointment in a statement, "American Fashion could not wish for a better visionary to further grow its impact in the global landscape. Tom is a role model for all of us, and we are very lucky to have him as the next Chairman of the CFDA.” Von Furstenberg became President of the CFDA in 2006 and was named Chairwoman in 2015. She followed in the footsteps of Perry Ellis, Oscar de la Renta, Bill Blass, Norman Norell, Stan Herman, Mary McFadden, Carolyne Roehm, Herbert Kasper, and Sydney Wragge, who all previously held the role since the CFDA's inception in 1962. 
 Kanye West's Yeezy Calabasas pants are dropping soon. Adidas is releasing Kanye West's Yeezy Calabasas track pants—the athleisure bottoms favored by Kim Kardashian. The rapper's wife and design muse has been flaunting the striped sweatpants everywhere from Snapchat to the streets since early this year.  West already debuted an earlier installment of the pants online at yeezysupply.com in March, but this iteration—which comes in black and maroon—will be available on a larger scale, thanks to his partnership with Adidas. (But there's no promising it won't sell out as fast as the rest of West's covetable designs.) The track pant, $120, hits retail stores on October 8 in the U.S. and November 22 worldwide. Cop yourself a pair on adidas.com/yeezy and select stores. LOCATIONS
 The model confirmed the news on Instagram. Update, 9/14: Slick Woods has confirmed that she did indeed give birth to a baby boy right after walking Rihanna's Savage x Fenty show during New York Fashion Week. The model took to Instagram to share the announcement and reveal that she was actually in labor while walking the lingerie runway show.  According to the caption, Woods spent 14 hours in labor before welcoming a baby boy. "This is the face of a WOMAN IN LABOR, we hold shit down most of us don’t even know how much we’re going through, I’m here to say I CAN DO WHATEVER THE FUCK I WANT WHENEVER THE FUCK I WANT AND SO CAN YOU," she wrote.  Though Woods has yet to confirm the baby's name, the model previously revealed she planned to go with the name Saphir in an interview with Elle UK.  Congratulations to Slick on an epic runway walk and a new baby boy!  Original Article, 9/13: Model Slick Woods reportedly went into labor after walking in Rihanna's Savage x Fenty lingerie fashion show in Brooklyn last night. TMZ first broke the news and E! News confirmed. TMZ reported, "We're told paramedics showed up to help Slick along. She was taken to the nearest hospital." It's still unconfirmed if she gave birth. Woods has not yet publicly addressed the baby news. However, Rihanna's cosmetics brand Fenty Beauty congratulated the model on Instagram this evening. BAZAAR.com has reached out to Woods for comment.  The 22-year-old first revealed she was pregnant in July, with a baby bump photo on Instagram. "In good company," she captioned the photo of her hugging her belly in a swimsuit. Woods previously told Elle UK that she's due to September (which means she walked the runway while nine months pregnant). She also revealed to the magazine that her baby is a boy, and she wants to name him Saphir, inspired by the September birthstone.  Saphir's father is Adonis Bosso, who is also a model. Woods gushed over him to Elle UK, "‘I hear sob stories about baby daddy drama. Being 21 and my baby’s father being excited is just step one. There are girls who don’t even have that." Woods' appearance was one of the highlights of Rihanna's empowering Savage x Fenty presentation last night. She worked black pasties and a strappy, barely-there leotard that showed off her baby bump. She strutted in sheer thigh-high tights and heels—while nine months pregnant!—and totally stole the show.  She also wasn't the only pregnant model to walk the show; another mom-to-be made an appearance on the runway too. Twitter was abuzz over the bump-baring stars at the presentation. Congrats, Slick!
 Find out how do your online shopping tendencies compare to everyone else. Whether you're buying clothes directly from Instagram or still prefer to try things on in a store, we want to know how you're shopping in 2018. Tell BAZAAR.com's team of fashion editors what your shopping habits look like in a world of influencers, celebrity lines, and Instagram overload.    lotti dotty 🌸 @emmaleger wearing @privacypls matching set #revolvefestival A post shared by  REVOLVE (@revolve) on Apr 17, 2018 at 7:24pm PDT  Easter chick 🐣🍫 In my stories today I’m asking you about those trends that you adore but your man ... not so much. Sound off here or in my stories😉😏 A post shared by  Ellie (@slipintostyle) on Mar 29, 2018 at 12:01pm PDT A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Apr 12, 2018 at 1:19am PDT  Dreaming of sand in our shoes... 🐚 thanks to @mrs__ju and the proof the #Dior #Saddle can be worn anytime anywhere. Vintage magic! 🌞 #BestofVest #VestiaireVintage #Timeless #Monday #Mood A post shared by  Vestiaire Collective (@vestiaireco) on Apr 9, 2018 at 2:55am PDT 
 Couture and bridal—ballgown not required. It's not uncommon for Haute Couture designers to end their runway spectaculars with a bride.  Giambattista Valli sent down a parade of ivory confections yesterday, while Ralph & Russo ended their show with Elsa Hosk as their bride of the season; and, while not explicitly bridal, even Maria Grazia Chiuri graced her runways with a handful of ivory pieces worthy of an aisle.  At Chanel, an ornately-decked bride is the expected finale to each otherworldly collection, set in the scene that inspires Lagerfeld and his design team for the season. For Haute Couture Spring 2019, guests entered the Grand Palais from the snow-covered streets of Paris, and were seated poolside in the garden of an Italian villa. The show began with Chanel's statement suiting, followed by cocktail dresses in shades of pastels. A black-and-white section gave way to eveningwear in the candy-colored hues of the collection, punctuated with exceptional embroideries and plays on volume.  While a bride in soft color, or with an exaggerated skirt seemed the clear finish, Chanel is never about the expected. A bride clad in an embellished one-piece swimsuit and a bridal swimcap with a trailing cathedral-length veil finished the show, giving beach bridal a whole new look.  While we at BAZAAR feel the modern beach bride is anything but basic, Chanel's fully-encrusted swimwear paired with an over-the-top veil proves that bridal doesn't always include a ballgown–or even a dress for that matter.  Coco Chanel famously said, "Before you leave the house, look in the mirror and take one thing off,” and “It is always better to be underdressed.” Chanel's Couture bride of the season is case in point.
 Dogs and supermodels and Barry Manilow, oh my!  Another New York Fashion Week has come and gone and while this season was relatively quiet, there were still a few standout moments to highlight. Many brands are trying to navigate the changing landscape of traditional runway shows, but in the midst of the unknown, there were several new runway debuts worth noting, along with a few gimmicks that we unabashedly enjoyed anyway (hello Barry Manilow singing "Copacabana" on the runway). From the inspiring to the unexpectedly fun, these were the best moments from the New York Fashion Week Fall 2019 runways.   Now this is how you close a fashion show! @11honore set the bar high for the kickoff of #NYFW. @lavernecox in @zacposen A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Feb 6, 2019 at 3:59pm PST The week kicked off with an inclusive runway debut from 11 Honoré, the luxury e-commerce site offering designer fashion in sizes 10 and up. A diverse cast of models, including Precious Lee and Candice Huffine, hit the catwalk in a range of designer looks that will be available to shop in extended sizes on the site. The cherry on top of an already incredible show? The brand tapped Laverne Cox for the runway finale and she delivered the most dramatic, instantly iconic walk in a Zac Posen gown.  Nobody knew what to expect from the debut of Japanese costume designer Tomo Koizumi, but what resulted was one of those unexpectedly magical moments that takes the whole room's breath away. After being discovered by Katie Grand on Instagram last month, the designer was immediately invited to present a collection at Marc Jacobs' Madison Avenue store. A star-studded cast of models including Rowan Blanchard, Gwendoline Christie, Bella Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski, Joan Smalls, and more cascaded from a  staircase in a series of colorful and whimsical puff gowns. Fashion loves a fairytale story and Koizumi's—both colorful and unexpected—was just that.  It was a season of model legends making comebacks on the runway. Patti Hansen, who served as the inspiration behind Michael Kors' '70s collection, closed the show in a metallic suit, marking her first runway appearance since the '90s. Seventies supermodel legend Pat Cleveland led the finale walk at Hellessy in a red hooded gown and sequin pants. And Christie Brinkley closed Elie Tahari's 40th anniversary show after high-fiving with her daughter, Sailor Brinkley Cook, on the runway.  Two years since taking the creative reins at Oscar de la Renta, Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia delivered their best collection for the fashion house yet. There was strong suiting followed by a series of stunning, red carpet-worthy gowns ranging from feathers to a full ball gown worn by Bella Hadid in the finale. It was an elegant mix of daywear and eveningwear that felt fresh, but still worthy of the late De la Renta’s approval. Despite the eternal buzz around legacy fashion houses, a growing list of emerging designers proved they're the ones to watch during NYFW. Instagram-favorite Batsheva made its debut with a performance art presentation, while newbie Khaite staged a stunning first runway collection atop a pile of leaves. Though not their first shows, rising brands Marina Moscone and Area were worth noting too. Moscone presented her collection against a backdrop of books at The Strand, while Area once again delivered a series of ultra fun accessories and ready-to-wear.  From left: Khaite, Marina Moscone, Area, and Batsheva Giving us the most precious moment of the week, Lela Rose hosted a dog show and a fashion show all in one. The designer presented her Fall 2019 collection with the "Roseminster Dog Show," which cast both canines and models on the runway. The main takeaway: cocktail dresses and suits look infinitely better when worn next to a lineup of English sheep dogs, poodles, and golden retrievers.  It wouldn't be NYFW without a surprise runway performance and this season we got not one, but two. The first came in the form of Lil' Kim closing out The Blonds runway. The rapper performed her classic "The Jump Off" while dancing down the runway in a sparkling gold bodysuit.  Neutrals and bright colors had the ultimate showdown in this season's collections. Predominantly beige and butter hues shaped collections at The Row, Gabriela Hearst, and Boss, proving you can never go wrong with a classic color palette. But more designers than ever filled the runways with color, color, and more color. Bright pinks, purples, oranges, and blues took over at brands like Carolina Herrera, Sies Marjan, and Rosie Assoulin. But which palette will be the winner come Fall 2019?  From top left: The Row, Boss, Gabriela Hearst; Carolina Herrera, Rosie Assoulin, Sies Marjan   We can always count on @michaelkors for a fashion show with a great soundtrack. This season he upped the ante with a performance by @barrymanilowofficial, (and got everyone up out of their seats) to celebrate the disco- inspired collection. A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Feb 13, 2019 at 8:07am PST In one of the most unexpected runway surprises of all time, Michael Kors' '70s-inspired disco show ended with an impromptu performance of "Copacabana" by none other than Barry Manilow. The legend hit the runway in a bedazzled orange jacket as he performed his classic dance hit alongside Bella Hadid and Fran Summers. It was ridiculously fun and will undoubtedly be stuck in our heads for the rest of the week.  As per usual, Marc Jacobs delivered a theatrical grand finale to the week. This season, the designer tapped Christy Turlington Burns to close his show. The iconic supermodel's appearance marked her grand return to the runway for the first time in over two decades—with her last walk taking place back in the '90s. It was an epic, and stunning, return and according to Christy's Instagram, perhaps her last show ever. 
 These uniquely different women show you how.   The power of fashion is strong, and the clothes you wear have the ability to influence all aspects of your day. At their very best, they make you feel like you. And while each season comes with its own handful of major trends, they won’t do much for your wardrobe if they lack your own unique spin. Fortunately, you don’t need to hire a personal stylist to learn how to incorporate each piece into your closet. Inspiration can come from everywhere: an influencer’s Instagram, the runway, and resources like The Edit, a curated site created by Macy's Fashion Office that offers expert fashion styling tips, trend guides, and home and beauty advice. For even more inspo, we asked five very different women with their own unique sense of personal style to share how they’d wear a few of this fall’s most exciting trends: the menswear blazer, florals, metallic boots, and red handbags. Not to mention how each outfit makes them feel. The Floral Midi Dress As a BAZAAR editor, Lauren Fisher spends her days scouring the internet, streets, and social media to uncover the latest trends, stylish It-girls, and fashion news.  The conclusion: There’s a lot out there, so looking to a trusted source like The Edit for tips is imperative.  That’s where she discovered this muted floral dress. An all-over subdued print pairs seamlessly with any neutral color—like this dark green—and allows a red handbag to grab the most attention. 
  The Multitasking Floral Jacket-Dress Katie Sturino is an entrepreneur. The woman behind #supersizethelook is an advocate for plus-sized fashion, and has her own beauty brand called MegaBabe. As a woman who grabs life and gets the most out of it as possible, it makes sense she wants her clothes to work for her—they need to be comfortable, functional, and occasion appropriate. This floral blazer works as both a coat over jeans and a T-shirt, or buttoned up as a dress with heels. As Katie says, “Menswear-inspired pieces can work on any body type.” 
  The Statement Making Blazer After spending years as a fashion editor at Atelier Doré, Tori Lazar has acquired a wealth of knowledge about what the most stylish women of New York like to wear (and how they pull it off). She’s also developed her own sense of personal style along the way, and has discovered that the most important component of any look isn’t what you wear—it’s the attitude you wear it with. For Lazar, it's important to step outside your comfort zone. “Pairing bold colors in similar hues, like this burgundy and blush pink, is a fun way to interpret a menswear blazer,” she says. “It’s a little Gucci-inspired!” 
  The Bold Botanical Minidress Aubree Ashtyn isn’t afraid to show off her style. As a ballet and hip-hop dancer, she loves to express herself and isn’t afraid to push her boundaries. She's accomplished a lot in her career, including launching her own successful YouTube channel, as well as learning a Beyoncé dance routine in 24 hours—with no instruction. Whether it’s through dance or what she's wearing, personal expression is her A-game, which is why she chooses outfits that show off her personality. An example: this bright floral minidress that's such a show-off piece, it needs little to no adornment. #nailedit. 
  The Mismatched Plaid Skirt Suit Jessica Wu knows a thing or two about style. As an e-commerce director and Instagram star, she’s always sporting the latest trends. Her take on a menswear blazer involves pairing it with a similar but slightly mismatched plaid skirt and metallic ankle booties (another key trend for the season). “Balance an oversized blazer with a slim mini skirt,” she says. “And always push up the sleeves.”
 From '80s florals and bucket hats to the little white dress and the little white top. Nothing says summer quite like barely there sandals, the ideal little white dress, Bardot-ready tops, floral dresses, and of course, bucket hats. See what to buy now to look so perfectly summer 2019. Fashion blogger Leonie Hanne incorporates plenty of trends in one single look—wide leg trousers, hair barrettes and a square neck knit top. The latter is a '90s throwback that's flattering,  architectural, and works perfectly with everything from pencil skirts to mom jeans. Your goes-with-everything summer top. Barrettes, scrunchies, and bows are just that little pick-me-up you need for your summer looks. Feel free to have fun with your hair accessories—life is too short not to put a bow on it.  This genius hybrid is both a bow and a scrunchie—perfect for that easy Parisian moment you've been waiting for.  There's a lot of goodness happening here—a belted swimsuit, a robe as cover-up—but we're falling hard for that bucket hat. It's somehow both current and retro, and does an excellent job at protecting you from the sun. A colorful frock made out of poplin—as seen on Hannah Bronfman—gives you the structured, summery feeling you didn't even know you'd been needing. Wear it with white slides during the day and swap for block heels at night. A great linen trouser that you can belt is a dream summer pant—light-weight, but still smart. We love the idea of pairing it with a sexy top, like this one from Posse or a simple white blouse for daytime. Wear these with a silk button-down to the office and over a simple maillot on the weekends. A little puff sleeve dress is just what your Insta feed ordered this summer. This dress is just straight-up cute and will definitely help you stand out against the after-dark crowd at the beach. This modern iteration on the Laura Ashley style would look just as pretty and feminine with strappy low-heeled sandals as it would with knee-high boots. Heels are getting lower and shoes are getting more subtle—but with interesting flourishes by the likes of Jacquemus, Staud and The Row. These shoes can pair with anything from shorts to slip dresses, and denim to minis. These barely there babies are ultra-flattering and pretty enough to put on display. Be easy breezy—but also power-hungry—in a bold summer suit. Swap your work pumps for sexy barely-there sandals to take this look from work into the weekend. Tibi jacket, $949, and coordinating pants, $569, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW There's something inherently European riviera about a white blouse with that extra something special—like Birkin or Bardot might show up in the same top at any moment. Nothing says summer quite like a pretty white blouse paired with vintage jeans or a maxi skirt after dark. A good animal print is a year-round staple, but find your wild side for summer in a sleek slip dress. Wear alone when the weather calls for it, and layer a light knit underneath come fall. Beach bags have hit the city streets, too—pick just the right bag to take you from concrete to sand.  SHOP NOW There's nothing quite as romantic as a whisper thin floral dress on a balmy summer night. This pretty piece is fit for weekends at the beach and a summer wedding. Nina Agdal proves all you really need in the tropics is a great little white dress, a hat for shade—and someone to snap the pic. Does it get more summer-ready than a fresh-to-death white dress?  We adore the shape of this mini with cut out details.
 Getting glam ready. On and off stage, American Ballet Theatre's prima ballerina Devon Teuscher is as graceful and stylish as can be. ShopBAZAAR got ready with the principal dancer at The Surrey for a glamorous night out in stunning dresses, swoon-worthy accessories and fail-proof makeup. Lizzie Fortunato earrings, $195, shopbazaar.com, Oscar de la Renta gown, $2,845, shopbazaar.com, Taschen book, $15, shopbazaar.com, Yves Saint Laurent nail polish, $28, shopbazaar.com, The Row bag, $990, shopbazaar.com, Manolo Blahnik sandal, $895, shopbazaar.com, Miriam Quevedo hair oil, $90, shopbazaar.com, Surratt lipstick, $34, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Delfina Delettrez ring, $890, shopbazaar.com, Tom Ford gown, $2,415, shopbazaar.com, Emilia Wickstead dress, $1,205, shopbazaar.com, Melissa Kaye earrings, $3,250, shopbazaar.com, Rosie Assoulin gown, $1,118, shopbazaar.com, Officina Del Poggio clutch, $695, shopbazaar.com, Gianvito Rossi sandal $1,245, shopbazaar.com, Surratt lip gloss, $32, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Stella McCartney gown, $2,205, shopbazaar.com, Surratt lipstick, $34, shopbazaar.com, Yi Collection earrings, $2,550, shopbazaar.com, Saint Laurent sandal $1,495, shopbazaar.com,  Aquazzura shoe, $1,500, shopbazaar.com, Roger Vivier shoe, $1,750 shopbazaar.com, Miu Miu shoe $850, shopbazaar.com, Diana Vreeland Parfums, $250, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Brock Collection dress, $2,528, shopbazaar.com, Dr. Barbara Sturm glow drops, $145, shopbazaar.com, Anita Ko earrings, $1,925, shopbazaar.com, Cushnie et Ochs gown, $1,995, shopbazaar.com, Roger Vivier shoe, $2,095, shopbazaar.com, Manolo Blahnik shoe, $625, shopbazaar.com, Surratt lid lacquer, $36, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW 
 Comme Si founder Jenni Lee on picking the right mentor, investors, and more. Where you see socks, Jenni Lee sees opportunity. The Comme Si founder is betting that women want more from the accessory than just something to slip into their shoes every day. Her first collection, rendered in Italian silk and Egyptian cotton, proves that she’s on to something. On the cusp of her second season, she’s looking to the next steps for the business, as well as who she wants to work with along the way. Speaking with fellow Wing member Natalia Oberti Noguera, founder and CEO of Pipeline Angels, Lee was able to get another supportive perspective on the areas of the business she feels are too critical to compromise on, from using top-quality materials to hiring an inclusive team of women and people of color. Here’s what she learned about why good partners can make all the difference. “Now that the brand is out there and I have real customers who are reacting to my product and my brand, it feels like the foundation of Comme Si is established. I personally can see the huge opportunity in where it can go and how big it can grow. It feels like this stage of a business is the right time to look for investment, when you know who your customer is and how you want to grow, and you just need the capital to move forward and do that at the pace that you want. “It was reassuring to hear Natalia confirm that if there are values and certain things that are really important to me, I should not sacrifice them, and I should look for partners who also care about or want to get on board with those same things.” “We talked a lot about what she calls ‘smart money:’ You shouldn’t be looking for just the money. You should be looking for money, plus, what’s the network that this person has? What skills and expertise and background do they bring to the table? What are the values that they care about? Which was really great to hear, because it's something I’ve been thinking a lot about—that if I were to take on investment, that is what I’d be looking for. “I forget who told me this, but apparently the average relationship between a founder and an investor usually spans 10 to 12 years, which is longer than the average marriage in the U.S. It’s interesting to think of it in that way—they are someone that you will work with for a really long time, and so it makes sense that you should make sure your values align. You should make sure you want the same or similar things.”  “I will say, it’s very important to find a really good accountant and a lawyer. It’s been mostly friends, or people that I know who have started businesses, who I’ve asked, Who do you work with? Who would you recommend? Who would you definitely not recommend?’ “That whole idea about social capital is so important. And it’s so true: If there are people who have gone through it before that you really trust, I find that those recommendations go so much further than if you’re navigating it on your own. “Natalia was really kind, too, saying, ‘If you’re looking for anything from accounting help to legal help, I know great women who are in senior positions who want to support female entrepreneurs that I'm happy to recommend you to.’ I think continuing that network effect of women continuing to support women, it’s so important.” Worn throughout: Veronica Beard blazer, The Line by K bodysuit, Vince shorts, Poppy Finch earrings, Musier shoes
 Start building up your transitional wardrobe.  Maxi dresses may be known as one of summer's must-have staples, but the effortless piece can take your wardrobe to new heights all year long. Acting as the perfect winter to spring transitional piece, the long-sleeve maxi dress is not only easy to wear, but also works well with boots, sneakers, and sandals. As we impatiently await the arrival of warmer weather, click through to shop the best maxi dresses that you can wear both now and all spring long.  Add a pair of white boots to this neutral printed maxi dress in the winter or a pair of sandals as temperatures rise this spring.  Madewell dress, $190, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Embrace color with this rainbow-striped DVF dress that goes with virtually any hued boot or sandal—from black to white and all that's in-between.  Diane von Furstenberg dress, $200, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Top off this stark winter white look with a pair of black leather booties. Natasha Zinko dress, $555, stylebop.com. SHOP Prove that florals know no season with a boho-inspired dress. Top off the look with suede boots.  Liu Jo dress, $236, farfetch.com. SHOP Get a head-start on a spring color palette in the form of a striped dress.  Apiece Apart dress, $525, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP The perfect day-to-night look, this black Ellery dress features subtle white corset-inspired stitching that's practically begging to be styled with stark white boots.  Ellery dress, $598, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Embrace both colors and prints in this bohemian frock. Top it off with a suede bag and black leather boots.  Ulla Johnson dress, $495, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Keep it classic with a Parisian-inspired striped shirt dress that can be worn year-round. Accessorize the look with a red bag for a pop of color.  Equipment dress, $521, farfetch.com. SHOP Lighten up your look with sunny and warm florals that feel fresh in both winter and spring.  Mango dress, $99, mango.com. SHOP A ruffled, Victorian-inspired neckline feels fresh in the world of maxi dresses. Style this Ganni dress with suede boots for more of a boho take or white boots for a street style-inspired look.  Ganni dress, $270, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Try an unexpected color scheme with this retro-inspired, draped Etro dress.  Etro dress, $909, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Whether day or night, this asymmetrical dress makes a statement in this best way possible and works with black or white booties.  Loewe dress, $1,095, mytheresa.com. SHOP The resurgence of polka dots is going strong for Spring 2018—and what better way to try the look than with a statement-making head-to-toe version of the print?  Saloni dress, $560, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Try a pair of white or tan suede boots with this navy and white printed Tibi dress.  Tibi dress, $358, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Whether cold or warm, this sunny floral maxi dress will have you feeling ready for summer whenever you slip it on.  Altuzarra dress, $1,198, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP
 Update your look for the new year with these must-have accessories.  New Year, New You? While that might not entail a whole new wardrobe, it's easy to update with a sleek new shot or a statement handbag—even if that statement happens to be teeny tiny. From the belt bags that are here to stay, to an It bag ressurection these are the bag trends to kick off your 2019 in style.  Get ready to pair down your essentials, because bags are going mico-mini. You'll be lucky if you can fit your iPhone XS inside. While basket bags aren't necessarily knew, this Brazilian brand mixes rattan with vibrant acrylic panels for a fresh take on this ubiquitous style. The see-through trend shows no signs of stopping. With Staud's Shirley bag coming in new colors every season, you'll want to collect them all.  The box bag is taking on cooler new shapes, like this vintage-inspired tote.   What was once a relic of the '80s and '90s came back strong as 2018's hottest accessory trend. You'll relish in being hands-free this season. 324 NY bag, $495, 324newyork.com. SHOP The tassel bag isn't just for vacation—add some swish to your look with this season's ultimate bohemian accessory.  This year it was the return of the Dior saddle bag, but we're predicting the Fendi baguette to be the next for It girl resurrection. 
 Gaga's eccentric style is back—and so is her iconic hair bow.  You may have used Memorial Day Weekend to catch up on some rest, attend a barbecue or two, etc etc, but Lady Gaga used the four-day weekend to make an astounding 12 (I repeat: TWELVE!!) outfit changes while hitting the recording studio in New York. From ultra-ladylike dresses to head-to-toe leopard to the resurgence of her iconic 2008 hair bow, the singer pulled out all the stops with her looks this weekend.  Bringing a mix of the Fame Monster era with her Tony Bennett jazz collab years, Gaga brought back the eclectic and dramatic style we all know and love her for this weekend. Here's a look back at all 12 of her outfit changes that will have you saying "yaaaaas Gaga, you look so gooood." Going for an ultra-ladylike, ballerina-inspired look, Gaga stepped out in a white tulle dress, black cat-eye sunglasses, and black Neil J. Rodgers slingback pumps on Thursday.  Later in the day, she emerged in a Cher Horowitz-meets-Working-Girl-inspired outfit. Once again, she topped off the look with cat-eye-sunglasses, a clutch, and Neil J. Rodgers pumps.  Oh, this old thing? That night, Gaga went full-on showgirl in this red tulle Christian Siriano look, black satin opera gloves, diamond jewelry, and retro cat-eye sunglasses for a totally casual dinner out in New York. Iconic.  On Friday, the singer hit the studio once again in a polished little black dress, oversized sunnies, a Delvaux bag, and pumps for a look that practically screamed "I'm about to sue you for every penny you have." Keeping with the polished, ladylike style, Gaga went for a Jackie Kennedy-esque look in a mock-turtleneck dress, Delvaux bag, and beehive-inspired hairstyle later in the day.  Adding an unexpected splash of fun to her classic white blouse and black mini skirt, the singer opted for a pair of sparkling Rochas glitter boots that lended a playful go-go girl vibe to her look.  ...and then later emerged in a high-neck houndstooth dress and platform heels.  On Sunday, Gaga ditched her polished look for an over-the-top leopard ensemble, a Mark Cross bag, and ultra-skinny cat-eye sunglasses. Oh, and do you see what I see? A tiny braided hair bow sitting atop her head—reviving her iconic 2008 hair bow in a fresh way.  ...but then she went back to the elegant look with a Peter Pan collared dress, a Mark Cross bag, and pointed pumps later that day.  Continuing to serve up boss lady looks, Gaga then stepped out in a double-breasted Mola Walker pantsuit, Erickson Beamon hoop earrings and a crossbody logo bag the next day.  Once again rocking her hair bow, Gaga tapped into her Fame Monster days by wearing a blue leather dress, matching gloves, and sky-high patent heel platform boots.  And that same night, she then changed to a second leather ensemble—this time a sleek black leather coat à la The Matrix.  Yaaaaaaas Gaga, you look so gooood.  Bow down to the queen of outfit changes. 
 Jackets, required... Not all blazers are created equal. Oversized menswear blazers are having a moment, but a sleek '90s leather single-breasted jacket also feels right on time. Are you stocked with something colorful? Perhaps a longer black jacket that does the job of le smoking? Get your blazer game tight with 7 jacket that will instantly update your wardrobe—and shop them, of course. A good cream or white jacket is just the thing to make all your looks really come alive. Double points if you belt it like Sophie Turner. A total classic, this will live in your closet for years to come. We love the contrasting buttons and double-breasted shape happening on this jacket. A gray, menswear inspired suit jacket with a subtle plaid pattern will take you miles. The look right now is a bit oversized, so you can wear it as a suit like Hailey Bieber, over vintage Levi's, or on top of a slip dress.  We love the muted yet colorful plaid pattern in this single-breasted version. Bella Hadid makes the case for a slim, '90s inspired leather jacket. While she wears hers with an all-leather look by Altuzrra, we think it would be equally chic with cream trousers or a silk maxi skirt. Store your moto in favor of this fresh silhouette. Gabrielle Union proves how perfect a great fitting black jacket can be—we love it with nothing underneath for evening. Trés Yves Saint Laurent. This longer one is exceedingly elegant. We adore that this one can also be worn as a dress with sheer tights and pumps. It's all about a bit of a rumpled tan jacket for day for Emrata. The model wore this same jacket with a cropped top and coordinating trousers earlier in the week, proving its inherent versatility.   Say it with me: linen blend. Get all the cool vibes linen provides with less wrinkling on a great shaped jacket. Pick a shade, any shade. A blazer in a color is a one-stop shop to statement-making perfection. Yoyo Cao proves the point. Try it double-breasted. I know we said any color, but light blue feels right on time right now. Whether you opt for a sculptural Balenciaga jacket, a double breasted belted number like Christine Centenera, or a cropped piece, this is the blazer that you put on when you're ready to stand out. Just wait for the compliments to roll in. This hot take on a bolero jacket feels like a totally fresh iteration on the classic blazer.
 The luxury conglomerates created a charter to improve working conditions for models.  Two of fashion's largest conglomerates are teaming up to improve working conditions for models in the industry. As New York Fashion Week officially kicks off, Kering and LVMH announced the formation of a charter which seeks to protect models' health, well-being, and rights while working.  The charter states that female models must be a French size 34 (U.S. size 2) or above and male models must be a French size 44 or above. Size 32 women (U.S. size 0) will be banned from working with all Kering and LVMH brands in any capacity. Along with weight guidelines, the charter also forbids the hiring of models under the age of 16 for shows or shoots. Models between the ages of 16 - 18 years old are not permitted to work between 10 PM - 6 AM and must be accompanied by a parent or guardian.  Moving forward, both Kering and LVMH have agreed to only work with models who can present a medical certificate and additionally, will provide a psychologist/therapist on call for models during working hours.  As for the fashion houses implementing these changes, Kering owns Gucci, Saint Laurent, Balenciaga, Stella McCartney and many more while LVMH owns Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior Couture, Céline, Marc Jacobs and more. Considering both the industry influence and the number of brands the luxury conglomerates own, the charter will undoubtedly pave the way for much of the fashion industry.  The long-overdue guidelines, which will go into effect immediately, follow France's ban of excessively thin models and James Scully's disturbing abuse allegations at model castings last season. 
 She hasn’t gone out in five months, and has forged a friendship with Huma Abedin. Though she didn't dress up like the Pope, like Rihanna did, Scarlett Johansson still caused some controversy with her Met Gala gown on Monday night. That's because she decided to wear a dress from Marchesa, and one-half of that designer duo, Georgina Chapman, is the ex-wife of Harvey Weinstein.  It was the first time a major star had worn Marchesa on the red carpet since Weinstein became the center of a sexual misconduct scandal. And Chapman herself had remained silent—until now. To recap: Since October, more than 50 women have come forward with allegations against Weinstein; the allegations include sexual assault, harassment, and unwanted advancement over the past three decades. In a response to a New Yorker article on the matter, Weinstein’s spokesperson noted, “any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein.” Shortly after the allegations became public, Chapman announced she was leaving Weinstein, and back in January they agreed on a divorce settlement, according to People. In a new interview with Vogue, Chapman reveals what her life has been like since the scandal, from getting therapy to striking up a friendship with Huma Abedin, whose ex-husband is disgraced politician Anthony Weiner. Here are some of the biggest takeaways from Chapman’s first return to public life. When asked whether she was ever suspicious of Weinstein, Chapman responded, “Absolutely not. Never.” She said that their marriage was a happy one, with Weinstein giving her confidence and being a great father to their children (India, 7, and Dashiell, 5). “There was a part of me that was terribly naive—clearly, so naive. I have moments of rage, I have moments of confusion, I have moments of disbelief!” she said. “I don’t know. I wish I had the answers. But I don’t.” Chapman told Vogue that she hasn't felt right going out in public since the scandal hit. “I was so humiliated and so broken...that...I, I, I...didn’t think it was respectful to go out,” she said. “I thought, Who am I to be parading around with all of this going on? It’s still so very, very raw. I was walking up the stairs the other day and I stopped; it was like all the air had been punched out of my lungs.” Chapman said she’s been seeing a therapist, and it’s clear from the interview she still has a lot to emotionally process, especially as a mother to their two children. “I have moments when I just cry for my children. What are their lives going to be?” she said, through tears. “It’s like, they love their dad. They love him. I just can’t bear it for them!” It’s easy to presume that after the Weinstein scandal hit the news, celebrities would steer clear from wearing clothing made by his wife. In the past, Chapman’s friend Neil Gaiman admitted, Weinstein would sometimes push actresses to wear Marchesa on the red carpet.  But Chapman insisted that the decision to scale things back post-scandal was hers. “We didn’t feel it was appropriate given the situation. All the women who have been hurt deserve dignity and respect, so I want to give it the time it deserves. It’s a time for mourning, really,” she said. “A lot of people reached out and said, ‘Let me wear something.’” And post-Met gala, perhaps they'll get to.  A few months before Weinstein’s scandal broke, Chapman met Huma Abedin, the now-ex wife of Anthony Weiner. Abedin, who rarely gives interviews, spoke to Vogue about how the two grew closer, bonding over their husbands’ scandals. “We just...bonded. In allll kinds of ways,” Abedin said. “This particular club, ironically, it’s not such a small one: women who have had to endure it in such a public way, women like Georgina and me. People don’t feel sorry for us; you don’t get that empathy.”  
From: Marie Claire US

 Yes Cardi!!! Cardi B is making her Paris Fashion Week debut with a bang. The rapper arrived in the French capital looking like a walking runway in a showstopping Michael Costello look.  Giving us vintage French couture vibes mixed with a little bit of '80s Dynasty, Cardi wore a colorful high-neck print dress with a high-slit and exaggerated shoulder pads. The pièce de résistance of the Michael Costello-designed look was her matching wide-brim hat.   I’m Mrs OMG that bitch is shameless . Dress: @michaelcostello PARIS A post shared by  Iamcardib (@iamcardib) on Sep 25, 2018 at 10:32am PDT This Cardi's first season attending shows at Paris Fashion Week, yet she's clearly already mastered the art of serving some major street style looks—as well as the poses to go with them.  Before landing in Paris, Cardi touched down at Milan Fashion Week to attend Dolce & Gabbana's Spring 2019 show over the weekend. For the occasion, she channeled The Nanny's Fran Drescher in a head-to-toe animal-print look by the Italian brand, topped off with matching fur D&G glasses.  She also shared some excellent commentary on the look via Instagram. A sampling: "Man, these Italians got me f*cked up, giving me champagne in the afternoon, they must not know that I'm light. What's good, b*tch? We out here in Milan, drinking sparkling water, eating some spaghettis (insert evil laughter)....b*tch!!!"  MILAN A post shared by  Iamcardib (@iamcardib) on Sep 23, 2018 at 6:36am PDT It's Cardi B's Fashion Month and we're all just living in it. 
 It's the gift that gives every month. One-time gifts are so last year. Subscription boxes—or a subscription service that periodically sends packages to one's address—are the holiday presents of a new generation. Not only will the personalized box gifts show your loved ones that you're thinking about them, but they're sure to last well beyond the holiday season. Scroll down to find the perfect subscription boxes, from fashion, skin care, and even food collections, for your family and friends and beyond. Curated by Rachel Zoe, Box of Style aims to deliver the latest trends of the season, from statement pieces to beauty products and beyond.  Cost: $100 per Quarter; $350 per Year GlossyBox ships five high-quality products per month straight to your door, making it one of the best options for all the makeup mavens in your life to test new items.  Cost: Starts at $21 per Month FabFitFun lets customers choose products each season, from the best in beauty, wellness, home, fashion, and fitness. Its plethora of options make it the perfect gift for that friend who loves to pamper themselves on self-care days! Cost: Starts at $50 Each Season Your friend who spends more time at the gym than literally anywhere else will thank you for this one. Cost: Starting at $40 per Month This is the perfect subscription service for your favorite bookworm. Each month, customers get to choose new books from five curated options, which will then be delivered straight to their doors. They'll never run out of a new book to read.  Cost: $50 for 3 Months; $90 for 6 Months; $150 for 12 Months Subscribers of the Emma & Chloé box will receive monthly a piece of jewelry from their latest collection, designed in their Parisian workshop.  Cost: $35 for 1 Month; $99 for 3 Months; $175 for 6 Months; $350 for 1 Year Skincare brand Sunday Riley's subscription box service is stocked with some serious beauty goodies, from the LUNA Sleeping Night Oil to the Sachajuan Overnight Hair Repair. Cost: $95 for 1 Box; $85.50 per Month for 3 Months The Jo Malone subscription service offers candles, colognes, and diffusers for all of your loved ones who are searching tirelessly for that luxury scent.  Cost: Starting from $195 A Rent the Runway subscription is ideal for your stylish friend who somehow always has "nothing to wear." Give the gift of  fresh borrowed designer pieces they can personally select every month (or week, based on the plan you choose).  aCost: $69 for a Trial Month; $80 for a 60-Day Trial Say "Happy Holidays" with a gift that'll make your friend say, "Ahh." This tea subscription box service is sure to complete a night of comfort and relaxation for all of your loved ones. Cost: $40 for 1 Month; $36 per Month for 3 Months Adore Me allows customers to try on handpicked items in their boxes, from lingerie to sleepwear. After a seven-day period, customers can keep the items they love and return the rest for free. Cost: $40-$60 per Set Love Goodly dispenses the best of the best vegan, clean, and eco-friendly beauty products—the perfect gift for your eco-conscious friend. Cost: $35 for the Bimonthly Subscription Box; $49 for the VIP Bimonthly Subscription Box We all have that one friend who can't cook if their life depended on it (and, if you don't, then you are that one friend). Consider giving them the gift of sustenance with this Freshly subscription service, which sends prepared meals straight to their (or your) door. Cost: Starting at $50 for 4 Meals Hokkaido milk cookies? Kyoto hand-ground matcha? Apple pie Kit Kats? Yes, please. This is the perfect subscription box service for a friend obsessed with snacks that they would never find in their corner grocery market.  Cost: From $32 for 1 Box There's no greater gift than the gift of coffee for those with a caffeine addiction. This Blue Bottle Coffee subscription lets you choose from 11 different coffee types. Cost: Starts at $8 for 6 Ounces Goop's exfoliating overnight acid peel pads refine and brighten skin while you sleep, making it the perfect gift for all your friends with obsessive skin care routines. Cost: Starts at $112 per Month Who wouldn't want delicious candies delivered straight to their door? Choose from sweet candies like the Tropical Oasis box or sour candies like the Sweet Open Roads box. Cost: Starts at $29 per Month for a 6-Month Subscription Everybody loves greenery in their home. Consider this subscription box service, which will last long after your loved one's Christmas tree is kicked to the curb. The Sill provides a low-light tolerant plant, hand-potted in one of its small five-inch earthenware planters, every month. Planters come in four sweet colors: mint, black, blush, and cream. Cost: $35 per Month We all know that one person who could use a little help in the wardrobe department. Give them a gentle nudge in the right direction with Stitch Fix's subscription service. Expert stylists curate a box of goodies based on a quiz that surveys their unique fashion preferences and sizes. Stitch Fix offers boxes for women, men, and kids. Cost: $20 Styling Fee for Each Package; Pay for What You Like and Return the Rest for Free Let your loved ones know just how much you care about their fashion staples with this gift. After all, nothing says "Never lose a pair of socks again" like sending a subscription box of seasonally curated socks every three months. Cost: $28 for a Quarterly Subscription The Tie Bar offers the best of the best when it comes to ties, from long, skinny ties to bow ties. Your loved one will look positively suave every month with this subscription box service. For a bonus, The Tie Bar also offers sock subscriptions. Cost: Starts at $99 Misfits Market is a subscription box service that delivers affordable and fresh produce straight to your door with a mission of cutting food waste across the country. This gift is perfect for your eco-conscious friend who wants to spend more time in the kitchen. Cost: Starts at $22 This premium subscription box service curates teas based on the recipient's Sips By tea profile. The box includes four teas that will fill 15 cups throughout the month. Cost: Starts at $45 for a 3-Month Subscription Beautiac's subscription service provides fresh makeup brush heads every month, making it the perfect gift for those friends who love playing around with makeup and keeping their skin fresh and primped. The best part? The products are 100 percent recyclable and cruelty-free. Beauty never felt so good. Cost: Starts at $20 per Month; $16.50 per Month for a 6-Month Subscription This gift is both thoughtful and delicious. Twice each month, the gift recipient will be able to try their hand at new, seasonal gourmet desserts, with all of the recipe's ingredients and instructions delivered straight to their door.  Cost: $49 per Month
 After Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs and Burberry, a mother-daughter spa day What's the perfect way to celebrate your fashion month catwalk debut? If you're Kaia Gerber, a spa day (or at least a spa moment) with supermodel mum Cindy Crawford. The pair took a quick pampering break from fashion month, according to an Instagram post shared by make-up artist Hung Vanngo .  Current mood 😛#spaday A post shared by  Hung Vanngo (@hungvanngo) on Sep 19, 2017 at 12:06pm PDT   The 16-year-old made her official debut at NYFW's kick-off Calvin Klein before walking in Alexander Wang, Fenty Puma and closing the Marc Jacobs show.  Both mother and daughter opted for under-eye masks and Crawford took it a step further by getting a brow tint treatment. This, of course, isn't the supermodel's first rodeo, so she obviously knows how to recover like a pro. 
From: ELLE US

 Whether you're team thongs, hipsters, or briefs.  Buying new underwear shouldn't be a chore. To make life simpler, we've narrowed down the best brands to shop for all your intimates now. From thongs to briefs, click through to shop the underwear that are getting all the best user reviews. Plus, shop the most comfortable bras to match here.   Cosabella's Soire Confidence collection has been a best-seller for years. The high-waist panty is made of ultra-lightweight mesh for optimal comfort (and a bit of sexy sheer). Plus, the panty comes in 7 different colors and a variety of coverage styles (g-string, bikini, and everything in-between), so there's a pair for everyone.  This three-pack of classic lace thongs will become your everyday go-to.  The ultimate lazy day underwear worn by just about every cool girl (and guy) since the '90s. Calvin Klein's stretch cotton blend briefs will be the only thing you are wearing on those relaxing Sundays from the comfort of your home.  One of the most high-rated panties, this Spanx thong is undetectable underneath clothes. Whether worn underneath a cocktail dress or your everyday look, the figure-flattering waist band does the trick when you need to smooth things out.  With details like a sheer construction and floral pattern, this panty is the best for when you want to heat things up without sacrificing comfort.  "Cute, comfortable, and sexy," the reviews speak for themselves when it comes to this pair. Since its brand launch, Savage X Fenty has been a fan favorite. This pair is made out of a soft microfiber with a seamless edge for a comfortable, visible-panty-line-free wear. The popular style is offered in a range of colors and prints from XS - 3X.   Just by reading the reviews you'll see just how amazing these panties are. They're made out of a featherweight mesh, so comfort is key and drying time when washing is super fast.  Kim Kardashian West's new shapewear and underwear brand boasts the perfect neutral thong—offered up in nine color options and sizes XXS - 4X.  The microfiber material keeps you comfortable all day while the sheer mesh embroidery brings a bit of sexiness along with it. With a full coverage bottom, high waist, and the prettiest lace detailing, these briefs give you the best of both worlds.  Victoria's Secretvictoriassecret.com$10.50 SHOP NOWWho can resist Victoria’s Secret’s 10 for $35 panty deal? Stock up on all your everyday essentials—including the best-selling no show thong.  These briefs not only look sexy, but feel great. The material is a combination of stretch silk-satin and delicate lace—making them ideal for wearing under your night out look. This brief is made out of a silk blend so it lays gently on the body and goes virtually undetected even under the tightest of clothes. Made of 100% cotton for comfort and a little ruffle detailing  and French phrase for some flair.  With a seamless design and silky stretch fabric, this panty is a comfortable everyday choice. The structure and design gives any outfit a smooth look. Pretty tulle, polka dot detailing, and a sweet bow to top it off—ideal for when you want to add a girly touch to your intimate drawer.  Made out of a stretch-cotton jersey, this panty will move with you not against you. 
 See the full lookbook for the duo's third collection together.  For the third season in a row, Tommy Hilfiger tapped Gigi Hadid to co-design his runway collection. Last spring, the model and designer took over Venice Beach for a California-inspired collection and before that, they staged a blowout carnival during New York Fashion Week. For Fall 2017, the duo designed their own tour merch, which will make its runway debut during a see-now, buy-now show at London Fashion Week. Ahead of the show, see the full lookbook for the collection, which is available to shop in stores and on tommy.com starting September 21.  Shop the full Tommy x Gigi Fall 2017 collection on September 21st at tommy.com.  The collection features Gigi Hadid "Tommy Tour 2017" merch from dad hats to t-shirts and tanks.  Shop the full Tommy x Gigi Fall 2017 collection on September 21st at tommy.com. 
 For those who wouldn't be caught dead wearing Party City.  If you've ever celebrated New Year's Eve, chances are you've worn one of those classic feathered "Happy New Year!" headbands once or twice in your lifetime.  For those who crave the finer things in life and won't settle for Party City's version of the headpiece, Alexander Wang is here to save the day with a high fashion rendition of the look. Made for girls who party like it's NYE all year round, the range of headbands features phrases like "Wangover," "After After Party," and of course, "Party Animal." A little steeper than a Party City price point, Wang's "After After Party" headband will cost you a cool $6,000. Yes, just to reiterate: six thousand dollars.  Good news for those looking for a bargain: the brand is also offering a "Wangover" version of the headband for $5,100 and a "Party Animal" headband that's practically a steal at $3,900.  Wang's party-ready headbands first appeared back in September at the designer's Spring 2018 show on Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner. Right after the looks walked the runway, Wang hosted one of his most over-the-top #WangFest after parties ever—complete with donut towers, pools of Budweiser, and performances by Cardi B, Ja Rule, Ashanti, and A$AP Ferg. In other words, Wang has the art of partying down pat—just in case you needed some background on the luxury headbands.  While most of us will probably just settle for the $5 drugstore version of the look, you can bet that the #WangSquad will be out in full force wearing these $6,000 accessories.   On the party bus at the Spring 2018 show: @bellahadid by @dexternavy. A post shared by  alexanderwang (@alexanderwangny) on Mar 3, 2018 at 9:45am PST
 Tracking all the standout looks from this season's top collections.  There's a luxury that comes from Italy that can't be matched—a tailoring from the likes of Prada, Jil Sander, Gucci, and more, that makes high fashion feel both the work of artisans and designers. See what Milano has to offer for Spring 2020 with the five best looks from each major collection.   What's old is new again—but Donatella Versace proved with her Spring 2020 collection that she has no plans of veering away from fashion's forefront, while still staking claim on the brand's accomplishments of the past. The show began by hearkening back to basics: killer coats, sexy suiting, and sultry (as expected) takes on officewear and outerwear, all strutting through a scene where prints where projected on the walls, hinting at what was to come. Then came the jungle prints, printed via a Google-provided technology on beaded cocktail looks, coats, pants, and more, with fluorescent options of the same ilk breaking them up in between. The jungle print was hard not to recognize. We so rarely think about the world before Instagram, and Versace's show asked us to take ourselves back, to the late '90s, when red carpets were paramount to street style and social media. One gown, above all, changed that game (and red carpet coverage) as we know it—Jennifer Lopez's jungle-printed Versace gown for the 2000 Grammy Awards. The gown was part of the inspiration behind Google Images, given the world's voracious desire to see it up-close, and Donatella's play with projections and smart printing acknowledged the brand's inspiration on modern technology with an ode to the past.  And then came the showstopper: The new, even more revealing (if you can imagine), version of the iconic jungle-print gown made its appearance—on J.Lo—as the show's finale, finally giving the gown the Instagram moment it deserved. —Carrie Goldberg When one thinks about Italian fashion and what it represents, craftsmanship above all else comes to mind, followed by heritage, leather, and sex appeal. Tod's offers the top three in droves, and is expected to deliver quality basics made in top-notch fabrics one knows will last a lifetime and end up in the closet of future generations.  That pressure to deliver heirloom-quality products sometimes leaves drama and ostentatiousness to other labels, and this season didn't go out of its way to break the mold. Standouts included the opening bomber and palazzo shorts ensemble paired with the brand's signature loafers (pictured here), a waist bag shown on an almost-'80s chocolate short suit, and a zebra trench coat, which seemed to be the show's biggest departure from the classics—but would easily complement a wardrobe of them. —Carrie Goldberg
 A casual gift for the man in your life.  Picking out the perfect gift for the man in your life can be a daunting task. Luckily, Balmain's debut pre-fall menswear collection is here and it's filled with all the glitz and sparkle that's undoubtedly missing from your man's wardrobe.  The standout item of the collection, however, is a crystal-encrusted baseball jacket, which retails for a casual $40,000. The jacket (pictured above) took two whole months to create and features the words "Balmain Army" across the back, of course. “When it was completed, it was like Christmas, it was like, ‘It’s done, it’s exactly what I wanted,'" Balmain's creative director Olivier Rousteing told WWD.  This marks the first time Balmain has produced a pre-fall collection for its menswear line. Citing a "revolution" in men's fashion, Rousteing told WWD the fashion house will be taking more risks with its men's collection, embracing "glamour without feeling ridiculous." And what better way to do that than with a $40,000 crystalized baseball jacket? 
 Tips and tricks for fitting a week's worth of clothes in a carry-on. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. One of the secrets to being a fashion editor is knowing how to effortlessly pack for a trip on the fly. Watch as we break down our tips and tricks for fitting a week's worth of clothes in a single carry-on.  Location courtesy of 212 Fifth Avenue. Staging by IMG. 
 The boots, bags, and fall wardrobe pieces to stock up on now.  It's the most wonderful time of the year: Nordstrom's Fall Sale. Just in time to build up your fall/winter wardrobe and get your holiday shopping done, the retailer's annual sale is full of boots, accessories, outerwear, and more to stock up on. Click through to shop the best of this year's sale items.  Charles David over-the-knee boots, $149 on sale for $89, nordstrom.com. SHOP Vince coat, $695 on sale for $486, nordstrom.com. SHOP Sam Edelman shoes, $100 on sale for $60, nordstrom.com. SHOP Alexander Wang bag, $595 on sale for $416, nordstrom.com. SHOP Nine West boots, $140 on sale for $84, nordstrom.com. SHOP Mother jeans, $218 on sale for $146, nordstrom.com. SHOP Marc Jacobs watch, $250 on sale for $167, nordstrom.com. SHOP Fownes Brothers leather cashmere-lined texting gloves, $96 on sale for $72, nordstrom.com. SHOP Jessica Simpson boots, $139 on sale for $72, nordstrom.com. SHOP Elizabeth & James top, $345 on sale for $207, nordstrom.com. SHOP Kristen Blake coat, $289 on sale for $198, nordstrom.com. SHOP Timex watch $109 on sale for $65, nordstrom.com. SHOP Rebecca Minkoff bag, $275 on sale for $165, nordstrom.com. SHOP Canvas Jewelry set of 3 chokers, $34 on sale for $20, nordstrom.com. SHOP Mackage leather jacket, $705 on sale for $519, nordstrom.com. SHOP Sole Society shoes, $100 on sale for $60, nordstrom.com. SHOP A.L.C. dress, $595 on sale for $357, nordstrom.com. SHOP 3.1 Phillip Lim bag, $650 on sale for  $455, nordstrom.com. SHOP Canvas Jewelry earrings, $18 on sale for $10, nordstrom.com. SHOP Diane von Furstenberg coat, $598 on sale for $289, nordstrom.com. SHOP Shellys London pumps, $129 on sale for $77, nordstrom.com. SHOP Elizabeth & James bag, $545 on sale for $381, nordstrom.com. SHOP Vanessa Mooney earrings, $66 on sale for $39, nordstrom.com. SHOP Stuart Weitzman boots, $575 on sale for $345, nordstrom.com. SHOP Tory Burch bag, $498 on sale for $333, nordstrom.com. SHOP Steve Madden boots, $100 on sale for $70, nordstrom.com. SHOP Mother jeans, $228 on sale for $152, nordstrom.com. SHOP Tory Burch earrings, $158 on sale for $105, nordstrom.com. SHOP Calvin Klein coat, $328 on sale for $219, nordstrom.com. SHOP
 Proof the wardrobe staple isn't only reserved for summer.  The effortlessness of maxi dresses are synonymous with summer, but the wardrobe staple doesn't have to be reserved solely for warm weather. Get the most wear out of the piece by shopping for maxi dresses you can wear from summer all the way into cooler fall weather. From breezy full-length wrap dresses to sleeveless dresses perfect for layering under a leather jacket, shop the best maxi dresses to wear in both summer and fall.  Topshop dress, $95, topshop.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: Pair it with a pair of flat sandals and a playful straw bag for the perfect day-to-night look.  How To Wear It In The Fall: Add a pair of ankle booties and go. Ganni dress, $266, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: Perfect with a strappy sandal or white ankle boots and a vacation-ready straw hat.  How To Wear It In The Fall: Add a leather jacket and leather boots.  MM6 Maison Margiela dress, on sale for $218, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: With a flat pair of slide sandals.  How To Wear It In The Fall: Give it some edge with a pair of sneakers and a leather moto jacket.  Rixo London dress, $430, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: Add a clear Staud tote bag and neutral-hued sandals.  How To Wear It In The Fall: With a suede, boho-inspired jacket and ankle boots.  Aritzia dress, $80, aritzia.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: With some layered gold necklaces, a playful bag, and flat sandals. How To Wear It In The Fall: With a cropped jacket and sneakers or boots.  Preen Line dress, $590, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: With lucite hoop earrings and white sandals.  How To Wear It In The Fall: With black booties.  Free People dress, $168, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: With lace-up sandals and a straw basket bag.  How To Wear It In The Fall: With suede boots and a leather crossbody bag.  Ganni dress, $270, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: Add block-heeled sandals and thick gold hoops.  How To Wear It In the Fall: With sneakers or ankle boots and a cropped jacket.  Saloni dress, on sale for $392, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: Accessorize with a pair of simple white sneakers.  How To Wear It In The Fall: Add a suede pair of booties and oversized gold hoops.  Mes Desmoiselles dress, $285, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: With a straw tote or basket bag, layered necklaces, and flat Grecian-inspired sandals.  How To Wear It In The Fall: Give it some edge with black ankle boots, a moto jacket, and a hat.  Sea dress, $525, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW How To Wear It In The Summer: Worn over a bathing suit for a beach look or with a flat, boho sandal and gold jewelry for a day or night out.  How To Wear It In The Fall: With a pair of ankle boots and a hat—leather moto jacket optional. 
 Step one: try to get the owner of a luxury fashion house to adopt you.  "I’ve wanted to work in fashion ever since I saw The Devil Wears Prada, but how do I get my foot in the door if I have no connections?" —Hire Me, Miranda  First of all, that's the thing that made you want to work in fashion? Did we see the same movie? I mean the Chanel boots were good but phew, I think you may have missed some of the plot lines and mental breakdowns in there. But okay, one girl's toxic work environment is another's treasure, I suppose. Let's continue... Breaking into the fashion industry can seem daunting, especially since it's still a world where nepotism largely rules (unfortunately). But it's still possible to succeed even if your parents don't own a major fashion house or small country (I'm proof of this).   The trick is to make your own connections. Make a list of the people and companies you admire within the industry. Do diligent research, make sure your resume is up to date, and start reaching out to a few key people for informational interviews (not to ask for jobs, just to learn more about their career!). Reach out via email or LinkedIn (or a social media platform if appropriate), tell them you admire their work, and politely ask for 15 minutes of their time over a quick coffee to discuss their own career path and how they got to where they are. Most people are happy to help (any excuse to talk about themselves is always good). You never know what you'll learn or what opportunities these quick coffees can lead to, the fashion industry is a very small place! It takes a lot of time, patience, and applying to many, many jobs, but don't be afraid to put yourself out there. In the meantime, read the below books by fashion veterans who've done it themselves.  "What’s the best way to explain gaps in a resume or multiple short term jobs?" —Michael That entirely depends. Were you off volunteering to save the world, taking time to raise your children, or exploring other career trajectories? Or were you laying on your parent's couch suffocating underneath a pile of Doritos packets while scrolling Instagram? If the answer is the latter, LIE!! But in most cases, it's best to just be honest in your cover letter and interviews. Without drawing too much attention to any gaps in your previous experience, tell the truth if asked instead of concocting some wild, intricate story. Before any interviews, be prepared with how you're going to explain any gaps or short-term jobs so you don't appear flustered when asked. Be confident in what your journey (short-term jobs or not) has taught you—and how it has prepared you for whatever job you're applying for. It's best to be well-versed in the job description, as well, so you can tailor your previous work experiences or resume gaps as learning opportunities for the job ahead. "I'm stuck in a career rut. How do you find your *true* purpose and what type of job you’re meant to do?" —Ness  I really wish there was some magical formula I could give you that would reveal the answer, but sadly I think the process and journey is different for everyone. Some people know their purpose the minute they start talking; others probably never really take the time to discover it (sorry, this isn't a motivational TedTalk, I'm just telling you the facts).  The most important thing for you to do is connect with yourself: What makes you feel fulfilled and happy? Don't think about the job that's going to make you the most money, clout, or seem most impressive at your high school reunion. What actually brings you joy and fulfillment? It might be helping people, or it might be basking in solitude while avoiding the entire human race. But either way, the next step is to find a job that supports this purpose and joy in some capacity. This is something that will likely take some time (and trial and error) to find the real answer to.  How do you actually connect with yourself in the Year of Our Lord 2019? It's not with sheet masks or CBD bath salts, but with actually taking real time for yourself. Keep a journal, write daily to-do lists and weekly goals to stay focused. No matter what your current job is, don't let it fully consume your entire life. If your job title is the only thing that defines you, you're probably not going to feel like you have a real, balanced purpose in life. Get some hobbies, connections, and joy outside of your workplace, too. Go towards whatever makes you feel happiest and inspired, the rest will eventually fall into place in a way that aligns with all areas of your life. While trying to find your own purpose, I highly recommend reading the You Are a Badass book series (it's not as corny as it sounds, I swear) to better learn the art of connecting with yourself.     
 From opulent crystal embellishments to gilded accents and luxe velvet, here are 21 shoes that will add a little sparkle and a lot of cheer to your holiday party look.  From opulent crystal embellishments to gilded accents and luxe velvet, here are 20 shoes that will add a little sparkle and a lot of cheer to your holiday party look.
 Shop 1000+ pieces to get the look of the Instagram-worthy trends to give and receive. Party dressing requires a little something more–or dare we say, extra. Here, it’s all about bold hues, rich textures, sparkle and celebratory silhouettes that make it easy to pop bottles. This winter, hit the dance floor in style, and exude the kind of allure that puts mistletoe and midnight kisses on the brain. We turned to the season’s best and the arbiters of over-the-top, The Russian Tea Room and interior designer Sasha Bikoff, for ideas to inspire your party-hopping wardrobe, and the gifts you’ll be looking to give and (hopefully) receive. Trust–maximalism is the trick to nailing the best in festive looks. Here, the top 10 BAZAAR-approved trends to shop this holiday season, and all the ways to gift chic. Kira Kira On Ebonee: Saint Laurent dress, $11,900, ysl.com; Saint Laurent boots, $10,000, nordstrom.com; Ericson Beamon earrings, $430, net-a-porter.com. On Caroline: Gucci top, $3,700 and pants, $3,980, gucci.com; Sergio Rossi boots, $1,750, sergiorossi.com; De Beers earrings, price upon request, debeers.com. Balloons by Ava's Party Designs. 
  Gold Standard   On Caroline: Louis Vuitton dress, pant, and boots, price upon request, louisvuitton.com; JW Anderson earrings, $440, net-a-porter.com. On Ebonee: Oscar de la Renta dress, $8,290, oscardelarenta.com; Aquazzura "Purist" sandals, $695, aquazzura.com. 
  Rich Bitch On Ebonee: Self Portrait velvet blazer, $506, farfetch.com; Self Portrait shorts, $340, nordstrom.com; Anna Sui shirt, price upon request, annasui.com. On Caroline: Ellery dress, $1,695, farfetch.com; Mindi Mond earrings, $13,000, mindimondny.com; Fendi boots, $1,350, net-a-porter.com. 
  Birds of a Feather On Caroline: J.Mendel dress, $4,290, jmendel.com; Aurelie Bidermann “Sirocco” earrings, $577, farfetch.com. Taxidermy peacock courtesy of Creel & Gow.  
  Crimson Stride On Ebonee: Alexander McQueen dress, $4,450, net-a-porter.com; Oscar de la Renta earrings, $455, oscardelarenta.com; Fendi leather boots, $1,350, net-a-porter.com. On Caroline: Preen by Thornton Bregazzi top, $470, and pants, $1,065, preenbythorntonbregazzi.com; Oscar de la Renta earrings, $590, oscardelarenta.com. 
  Graphic Impact   On Caroline: Carolina Herrera dress, $2,990, neimanmarcus.com; Oscar de la Renta earrings, $235, oscardelarenta.com. On Ebonee: Loewe top and pants, price upon request, loewe.com; Aurelie Bidermann glass pearl drop earrings, $250, stylebop.com. 
  Pink Ladies On Caroline: Alessandra Rich dress and belt, price upon request, alessandrarich.com; Giuseppe Zanotti "Barbra" platform sandals, $845, giuseppezanotti.com; Mindi Mond earrings, $22,000, mindimondny.com. On Ebonee: Marc Jacobs jacket, $2,900, skirt and bralette, price upon request, marcjacobs.com; Oscar de la Renta “Navette” earrings, $395, frwd.com; Giuseppe Zanotti "Annemarie" sandals, $895, giuseppezanotti.com. Furniture by Sasha Bikoff Interior Design; Flowers by Missi Flowers. 
  Rainbow Right On Caroline: Ashish mini dress, $1,997, fwrd.com; Jimmy Choo "Maine" boots, $1,875, neimanmarcus.com. On Ebonee: Dior dress, $14,500, bra, $1,150 and briefs, $930, dior.com; Fendi boots, $1,350, net-a-porter.com; Nam Cho earrings, $29,700, mitchellstores.com. Furniture by Sasha Bikoff; Fabrics by Stark. 
  Green Goddess  White Walker On Ebonee: Yves Salomon mink coat, $7,620, yves-salomon.com; Tiffany & Co. "Aria" drop earrings, $3,400, Tiffany & Co. Schlumberger necklace, $17,500, and South Sea Noble cultured pearl necklace, $27,000, tiffany.com. Flowers by Missi Flowers. 
  
 This season, designers cast a spell with gothic silhouettes, mystical prints, and otherworldly textures. On February 24, 2017, thousands of witches across the country gathered to cast a binding spell on Donald Trump. Singer Lana Del Rey took part in the mass hex, and encouraged her fans on social media to participate too. The gatherings have since become a monthly ritual, taking place at the stroke of midnight on a night of the waning crescent moon. Time was when witches were burned at the stake—or, at the very least, relegated to the margins of society. But in recent years, witchiness—as a personal style, a philosophy, and, yes, even a form of self-care—has not only gone mainstream, it’s taken on a patina of cool. Stores like Urban Outfitters are lousy with crystals and candles. On Instagram, influencers like Emma Roberts are as likely to show off an aura reading as they are a new outfit. And in the beauty world, many of the hottest skin-care ingredients (snail mucus, bee venom) sound like they’ve been formulated in a steaming cauldron instead a lab.   Witchcraft has also spread its wings into the bright halls of fashion, with Gucci leading the way. After Alessandro Michele’s much-discussed fall collection, which included a procession of dragon bearers and cephalophores—saints who are depicted carrying their own severed heads—the artistic director ushered in Resort 2019 with a collection that can best be described as a goth teen’s wildest dream. The show took place in a Roman necropolis in southern France, accompanied by smoke and candles and a dramatic 17th century musical composition sung in Latin. Fashion’s elite surrounded by the dead—and, by extension, reminders of their own mortality. And the clothes were anything but breezy holiday fun. There were crucifixes, lace, brooches, tall boots, capes, veils, crushed velvet, spikes, high collars, long sleeves. Other brands showed similar inclinations: Picture Louis Vuitton’s bone-white Victorian gown, Vera Wang’s jet-black tulle, and Max Mara’s ethereal capes. "Modern witchiness reveals itself through fashion in clothes that articulate joy and express a healthy relationship with mortality while also being difficult for the male gaze." Modern witchiness reveals itself through fashion in clothes that articulate joy and express a healthy relationship with mortality while also being difficult for the male gaze. It’s not about dressing to please an amorphous other but yourself: Grey Gardens meets Wednesday Addams meets Stevie Nicks meets nuns. Luxe meets feeling yourself meets fuck off.    Today’s witches couldn’t care less about outward approval: Their focus lies in their own pleasure and craft as they carefully construct their identities, one aesthetic and/or metaphysical choice at a time. The titular witch in Mikhail Bulgakov’s The Master and Margarita becomes that way by rubbing a cream from a demon all over her body and then taking off, flying, into the night. The rest of us? We’ve donned our capes, we’re right behind her. This article originally appears in the November 2018 issue of Harper's BAZAAR. Model: McKenna Hellam; Hair: Joey George for Hairstory; Makeup: Yuki Hayashi for Dior Beauty; Manicure: Mar y Soul for Chanel Le Vernis; Production: Heather Strange; Set Design: Andrea Huelse. Special thanks to Moondance Ridge Bed & Breakfast, New Paltz, New York.
 Send help. Last season, we reported The Great Jeans Apocalypse was among us when new designer Thibaut debuted no pants-pants (aka thong jeans) at Tokyo Fashion Week. Understandably, the internet quickly lost its cool over the extremely ripped and deconstructed jeans.  For those who thought the jeans (or lack thereof) were just a runway gimmick, think again: LA-based brand Carmar Denim created their own thong jeans knockoff—and they're already sold-out. Yes, I repeat: a pair of $168 denim seams now has a wait-list of people who want to buy them.  If you're wondering who exactly is buying all these thong jeans and where exactly they're wearing them, you're not alone. But fear not, Carmar has already taken to Instagram to prove the barely-there jeans can be worn totally casually in a multitude of social situations... Here we have the kid-friendly thong jeans in action at an amusement park...  The Extreme Cut Out Pant, for those who dare to bare 🎡 #carmardenim #extremecutout #mood A post shared by  CARMAR Denim (@carmardenim) on Apr 30, 2018 at 1:21pm PDT On the beach...  BRING IT ON 💥 #day2 #carmardenim #saturdaze A post shared by  CARMAR Denim (@carmardenim) on Apr 14, 2018 at 4:47pm PDT To keep cool in a desert... (okay fine, the draft probably feels nice here):  Desert heats got nothing on us 🔥🌵 #carmardenim #day3 #slayallday A post shared by  CARMAR Denim (@carmardenim) on Apr 22, 2018 at 12:02pm PDT And, of course, while waiting to be Instagrammed in front of a red wall:  Sicker than your average 🔥 #carmardenim #extremecutoutjeans #trending A post shared by  CARMAR Denim (@carmardenim) on May 2, 2018 at 5:50pm PDT Listen, when it comes to jeans, you do you. But I'd just like to say, it's going to be super awkward when everyone shows up to the apocalypse wearing the same pair of thong jeans. Just a little something to think about. 
 She gave the new baby a truly unique name.  Coco Rocha welcomed her second child, a baby boy named Iver Eames Conran, earlier today. The new mom took to Instagram to announce the news and share a sweet photo of her new baby.  According to her caption, the baby weighed in at 7lbs and 10oz. And just like the model's first child, baby Iver Eames already has his own Instagram handle at just 1-day-old. In fact, the newborn posted his first Instagram from inside the womb... The account, which is managed by Coco Rocha and her husband James Conran, then shared another sweet photo from the hospital room. In the photo, Coco and her oldest child, daughter Ioni, pose alongside the new baby boy.  Iver is following in the footsteps of Coco's first-born, Ioni James Conran, who already has over 70,000 Instagram followers at just 2 years old.  Along with the toddler's impressive social media following, she also made her runway debut alongside her supermodel mom at Paris Couture Week in January. Ioni and Coco had a high-fashion mommy-and-me moment on Jean Paul Gaultier's Spring 2018 Couture runway, closing the show in matching icy blue gowns, black opera gloves, and ornate headpieces. The duo also served up some seriously fierce poses.  Get ready for Iver Eames to have just as much fashion influence as little Ioni. Congratulations to the happy family!
 Balmain’s creative director—whose collaboration with Victoria’s Secret just debuted in Shanghai—can’t wait to get home for Christmas.  8:30 A.M. On Christmas morning I’ll wake up in Bordeaux in my childhood bedroom surrounded by my posters. As a kid, I was obsessed with the Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, Claudia Schiffer, and Cindy Crawford. I don’t want to say what I’ll be wearing because it looks a bit strange, but, okay—Petit Bateau striped pajamas with a matching cap, which my mom still buys for me. My dad and I will have breakfast next door with my grandma and granddad. We’ll eat ome- lets with bacon and nice homemade bread. 10:30 A.M. I’ll go back home to shower and then put on skinny pants, a tank top, and my double-breasted jacket. No matter where I am, it’s my uniform. When I travel I take 10 pairs of pants and 10 jackets with me, but in my house in Paris I have, like, 50. 11:30 A.M. Bordeaux is a really French city in the Napoleonic style, and there’s a big garden next to my high school where I used to go for lunch. I’ll walk there with my dad and sit and talk forever about my life, my fears, and his personal life as well. 1:30 P.M. After that I’ll go to my mom’s house. We love watching Fantaghirò, a children’s fantasy series from when I was growing up. It starred Alessandra Martines, who was the wife of director Claude Lelouch. 3:30 P.M. My mom and I usually go antiques shopping and pick out something for her house or mine. I’m into 18th-century paintings with Baroque frames. I also love desks that look like they are from some castle. My mom collects glasses, carafes, dishes, and lace napkins. 5:00 P.M. It’s really cold in the winter in Bordeaux, so we’ll sit in a tea place and have little biscuits. 8:00 P.M. I’ll have a special dinner with all of my dad’s family. We’ll have seafood as a starter, followed by roasted chicken with potatoes and some mustard. If my grandma bakes a cake with strawberries, I’m the happiest person in the world. 10:00 P.M. At the end of the night we’ll sit by the fireplace and eat so many Ferrero Rocher chocolates. When I’m back in Bordeaux, I feel like I’m far away from everything. But I do keep up with Instagram, and I love posting nice moments with my family. Social media for me is like underwear—I can’t go without it! My granddad is really bad at selfie-taking, but my two little cousins are pretty good. 11:30 P.M. I need my rest because I usually go to Dubai for New Year’s. I’ll throw a party on the beach, and all of my friends from L.A. and New York will join together at this moment to enjoy being under the sun. A lot of girls come, and sometimes they’re just like, “Babe, I’m here.” One year, Kendall, Gigi, and Selena came. We’ll watch the fireworks, and I’ll close my eyes and make wishes. I can tell you that all the wishes I’ve made until now have come true. I hope for much happiness for us all in 2018.  From left: "My mom and I usually go antiques shopping."; MERRY XMAS WITH MY 2 Angels #clara #anna #familytime #cousinsforever; "If my grandma bakes a cake with strawberries, I’m the happiest person in the world."; "When I’m back in Bordeaux, I feel like I’m far away from everything."; Seasonal sparkle, Balmain by Victoria’s Secret bra, $248, victoriassecret.com.
 One of the first memories I have related to fashion was being a kid and buying a pair of shoes that were entirely covered in rainbow glitter. They were as fantastic as you might imagine. I remember my mother turning to the saleslady and saying, “don’t we all wish we could have a pair of those?” And thinking to myself, “wait, why can’t you?” That was before Kate Spade.    Kate Spade changed so much when she started her line in 1993. That was a time when cool adult fashion consisted of overalls and plaid shirts. And into that grungy world, Kate Spade entered with preppy bags in a variety of wildly bright colors.    "Kate Spade seemed to understand that women who liked wearing pink dresses weren’t stupid or frivolous." The line spoke to women who still wanted to be girly, who never saw anything wrong with being girly. Not everyone wanted to emulate the actors from The Craft (though, to be fair, the women on the Craft poster looked great). And, inspired by vintage handbags, Kate Spade allowed them to embrace that feminine spirit. Time Magazine wrote about how she “persuaded women in the '90s to trade what she calls 'the nothing black bag' for a purse with personality.”    I suspect not all that much persuasion was necessary. Women were just waiting for an affordable option that allowed them to have a little fun with fashion. And, God, her pieces had personality. Inspired by her mother’s old purses that came in a variety, “oranges, pinks, chocolates, huge pearl buttons,” Kate Spade’s purses were never nothing black bags. Go to the company’s website today and you’ll see that her first collection inspired a range of bags that look like pineapples, purses covered in comic print, totes that declare they’re “out and about” and clutches emblazoned with flamingos. In 2003, The New York Times wrote that, “If Dorothy Parker were a product, she would be a Kate Spade clutch.” That may account for the dizzying number of Kate Spade products with Dorothy Parker quotes emblazoned upon them. Like Dorothy Parker, Kate Spade’s pieces started conversations. And it wasn’t just the handbags. The whole line seemed able to find the fun in femininity without ever making fun of femininity. Kate Spade seemed to understand that women who liked wearing pink dresses weren’t stupid or frivolous because of that style choice—after all, she proudly donned pink tights and founded a multimillion dollar empire. It was an affordably priced wardrobe made for the Elle Woods of the world.    And if you’re looking for a pair of sparkle shoes, your first stop should be Kate Spade. They’ve made countless glittery pairs of shoes since they started doing footwear in 1999. My mother and I both have pairs of her shoes now.    Today, Mindy Kaling tweeted that Spade’s clothes “were colorful, bold, cheerful, and encouraged women to find the twinkly person inside them. You couldn’t walk into her boutiques and not smile.”   I am heartbroken about the news of Kate Spade. I have worn her clothes many, many times. They were colorful, bold, cheerful, and encouraged women to find the twinkly person inside them. You couldn’t walk into her boutiques and not smile. Rest In Peace, Kate. Kate Spade taught us that we can still enjoy color and sparkle, and that fashion can be as playful as it was when we were children. We can still be twinkly in adulthood. It was fashion that focused on making people happy.   Which is one of the reasons why it’s so tragic that Kate Spade's life ended with such sadness. It seems shocking, always, when someone who has brought so much joy into the lives of so many takes their own life, as Kate Spade did. The fact that many of us will miss her creative gifts certainly has nothing on the pain that her family must be feeling. But will miss those gifts, all the same. She was inspiring to many of us.    The world will be a less sparkling place for the loss of her. But the twinkly person she inspired in many of us will hopefully go on, in shoes that she created for us.    If you or someone you know is exhibiting warning signs of suicide, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255).
 The late First Lady gets the Moschino treatment.  From human bouquets to McDonald's merchandise to actual garbage and beyond, Moschino's Jeremy Scott knows how to commit to a theme when it comes to his runway shows.  Following last season's maximal garden-inspired collection, the Italian fashion house looked to a different source of inspiration for its Fall 2018 show today: the women of the 1960s. Namely, Jackie Kennedy.  In a season full of '80s-inspired collections, Moschino instead went full-on '60s with a colorful runway that reimagined Jackie Kennedy's signature look for 2018. Featuring oranges, purples, and yellows, the bright lineup of 62 looks recreated the late First Lady's iconic tweed skirt suit and pillbox hat.  The skirt suits, hats, and tights weren't the only colorful things to hit the runway though. A few of the models sported head-to-toe body paint in bright colors of neon yellow, blue, and lime green—making for an alien-like take on Jackie O's classic style.  The parade of @moschino alien Jackie Kennedys #MFW pic.twitter.com/mXoVbpx4Yx Kaia Gerber, Joan Smalls, Bella Hadid, and Gigi Hadid were amongst those who walked the show, each sporting a different rendition of Jackie Kennedy's look. Kaia hit the runway in a bright orange skirt suit, pillbox hat, and matching pumps.  Bella wore a bright purple iteration of the look with a colorful patterned pillbox hat.  The eldest Hadid, meanwhile, wore an orange coat featuring patent leather trim and a matching hat.  Channeling a different side of the '60s woman, Joan Smalls wore a little black dress, leather gloves, and black sunglasses.  The final 15 looks of the show departed from the skirt suit look and instead, entered into evening wear territory. Featuring dazzling crystal-embellishments, silky draping, and striking colors, the pieces were a modern-day take on '60s evening attire—all while keeping the elegant bouffant hairstyle in check.  Though tame in comparison to Scott's previous runways, Moschino's take on Jackie Kennedy and the Swinging Sixties felt equal parts quirky and cool during a season of many subdued collection themes. And who doesn't love an unexpected ode to a style icon?
 Silvia, Delfina and Leonetta Fendi reflect on a decade of the Peekaboo... The Fendi Peekaboo first hit the runway a decade ago in September 2008 for the Spring 2009 season. This was prime It bag era—when, in fashion speak, what you carried mattered more than any shoe, dress or coat ever could. Fast forward to now, and while many It bags have fallen out of favor and gone the way of other trend-driven items on eBay and The Real Real, the Peekaboo has made its way into the realm of collector's item.  And collectors have their pick. The Peekaboo now comes in multiple iterations: the Large Peekaboo, Regular Peekaboo, Mini Peekaboo and Micro Peekaboo.   There is also the higher-end  Peekaboo Essential and the newer Peekaboo Essentially (a smaller sized Essential). There are more than one thousand materials and nearly unlimited color combinations of the Peekaboo. To date, the most expensive Peekaboo is the Fendi Gems Mini Peekaboo in white croco, white gold, diamonds, rubies and amethysts. Swoon. To celebrate 10 years of the chicest game of hide and seek this side of Milan, Fendi is releasing the #MeAndMyPeekaboo campaign with a video featuring the designer of the iconic bag and Creative Director for accessories, menswear and kidswear for Fendi, Silvia Venturini Fendi and daughters Leonetta Luciano Fendi and Delfina Delettrez Fendi. The way the ladies speak of the bag is almost of something mythic and well-loved—like a mysterious, but favored family member. “The Peekaboo is my baby. It’s a creature that belongs to me," says Silvia Venturini Fendi; "The Peekaboo bag is precious, mysterious and timeless," Delfina Delettrez Fendi comments; and "The Peekaboo bag is timeless, versatile and full of surprises," chimes in Leonetta Luciano Fendi. Watch the video in full below. 

 This spring trend is here to brighten all our days. When it comes to color, the fashion set is known to embrace the mantra, "black is the new black." So consider it a rare moment of optimism that designers are embracing the colors of the rainbow—all together, all at once. From '70s-inspired tees to technicolor skirts and statement-making striped dresses, it's a full-on spectrum of color this spring. As you give your closet a revamp for the warm weather ahead, there's no better way to brighten up your look than with the help of the rainbow. These are the colorful pieces to shop now.  Ushering in the new season, bold and bright rainbow-hued pieces ruled the Spring 2018 runways in the form of show-stopping dresses, t-shirts, and accessories.  From left: Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini, Peter Pilotto, Dolce & Gabbana A rainbow knit makes for the perfect transitional piece to weave some color into your spring/summer wardrobe.  Mira Mikati crochet top, $428, farfetch.com. SHOP Add a splash of multiple colors in the form of a My Little Pony-inspired rainbow heel.  Charlotte Olympia sandals, $606, matchesfashion.com. SHOP For a sporty take on the trend, opt for a pair of track pants with rainbow-hued stripes down the leg à la Adwoa Aboah.  Spiritual Gangster rainbow track pant, $148, revolve.com. SHOP The world needs more sparkle—and so does your wardrobe with these colorful Alice + Olivia pieces.  Alice + Olivia t-shirt, $195, aliceandolivia.com. SHOP Alice + Olivia skirt, $660, aliceandolivia.com. SHOP Take it back to the Seventies with a retro-inspired striped shirt.  Re/Done t-shirt, $110, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Add a splash of rainbow to your look with a colorfully-embellished handbag.  Loeffler Randall bag, $177, shopbop.com. SHOP Take the look to the beach or poolside with a colorful striped one-piece.  Caroline Constas swimsuit, $285, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Embrace the rainbow in a less-obvious way with these colorful-hued baubles from Stella + Bow.  Stella + Bow hoop earrings, $60, stellaandbow.com. SHOP Stella + Bow ring, $60, stellaandbow.com. SHOP Channel your inner flamenco dancer with a ruffled, one-shoulder top that brings on the color.  Philosophy di Lorenzo Serfani top, $395, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Why pick one favorite color when you can have the whole rainbow? Whether you opt for an embellished graphic tee or a statement-making skirt (or both at once), take the plunge with more color.  Bat Gio t-shirt, $240, bergdorfgoodman.com. SHOP Gucci pleated skirt, $1,980, neimanmarcus.com. SHOP Liven up even the most neutral of looks with a colorful pair of slides.  Tabitha Simmons slides, $478, matchesfashion.com. SHOP A pair of colorful-lensed sunnies makes for the perfect way to add a splash of color into your look.  Ray-Ban aviators, $178, macys.com. SHOP Trade in your all-black uniform for a technicolor piece that will instantly brighten your day.  Alberta Ferretti sweater, $535, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP Gucci's "more is more" mantra comes to life in this logo rainbow mini skirt sure to turn heads.  Gucci mini skirt, $1,500, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP For a more subtle take on the trend, add a splash of rainbow to your look in the form of minimally striped sneakers.  Loeffler Randall sneakers, $325, shopbop.com. SHOP
 Finally. On Tuesday, just two days before New York Fashion Week officially begins, the Council of Fashion Designers of America, in partnership with the Model Alliance, has announced that for the first time ever, models will have a private area to change at the shows. If you go backstage during NYFW, you might find any number of people — members of the press, show runners, PR reps, photographers and more — milling about as models strip down and change into their show outfits. In the many years that NYFW has been going on, models simply have had to get dressed in front of everyone as if it were no big deal. "Models have raised concerns about invasive photography and lack of privacy while changing clothes backstage at New York Fashion Week," Model Alliance founder Sara Ziff said in a statement. "The Model Alliance takes these concerns seriously, and we decided to take additional steps this season to ensure a safe and respectful work environment by providing private changing areas backstage." The CFDA and the Model Alliance have worked with IMG and Pier59 Studios, which hosts many of the runway events during NYFW, to build these spaces. Right now, it's unclear what the areas will look like and whether or not they'll be limited just to the shows at Pier59 — or if they'll be a fixture at every official show, although all participants have been encouraged to comply. What is clear: These concerns, and other issues surrounding sexual harassment and safety, are now the focus of the fashion industry in America. In an open letter dated February 1, CFDA chairwoman Diane von Furstenberg wrote, "The current climate has been marked by brave women and men and their revelations about an unacceptable culture in politics, sports, and entertainment, as well as in fashion." The statement outlines the three main focuses—health, safety, and diversity—of an evolved initiative to ensure the standards in the fashion industry in America are up to date: In addition, the CFDA has provided a clear outline for what sexual harassment means to them, per the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission:  A step in the right direction.  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Bow down... And that's a wrap on another season of collections—but really, it's just the beginning. Here, our 10 top looks from a season that favored bold shoulders, vacation-wear, pastels and a return to pretty.   Karl Lagerfeld took showgoers to la plage for Spring 2019, complete with sand, blue skies and a tide. There were straw hats and suiting, little dresses and lace pants—but it's this seemingly simple black and white number on Kaia Gerber that stole our hearts.  Nicolas Ghesquière has always been at home in the future. His space age set sat in direct opposition to the ornate Louvre , whose grounds it stood upon. Futurism was a hallmark of the 1980s, a decade the designer borrowed from, while simultaneously embracing modern fabrications. But it's this Memphis Milano wallpaper print on a "Blade Runner" shaped suit that is haunting our dreams.  Looking through Dries van Noten's Spring runway gives us that excited Christmas day feeling that only the rare collection we really, really want to wear can give us. It conjures those terms that aren't so much about fashion as they are about joy—like wow these pieces are so "pretty" and "cool." Forgive us for our lack of eloquence, but something about a floral print, a bandeau top, a sheer overlay and a blue and white plaid skirt with matching shoes leaves us at a loss for words and a vast appreciation for one of the Antwerp 6.  Kerby Jean-Raymond made the New York set decamp to Brooklyn—and Weeksville in particular. Not the sort of spot Alexander Wang throws parties or Eckhaus Lata shows off its cool factor, but instead a place rich in history, as home to one of the country's first free black communities post abolition.  The Spring runways were rife with nods to seaside life, but this net dress with fringe and feather detail with a sheer pink overlay coat was our favorite.  Just when boho was starting to feel like a forgotten word, Natacha Ramsay-Levi is bringing back the vibe, thanks to a collection inspired by, well, Morocco and Ibiza of course. This scarf print, fringed pants and vest, low slung belt and beaded earrings look is the boho babe grown up, a little tailored, but still laid back af.  Jonathan Anderson can do no wrong as far as we're concerned. His collections feel like the well-curated rooms of art collectors and architects. They're smart, never overwrought, and just the right amount of playful. Yes, there's a blazer, but it's pink, and it has a matching sweater vest and there's shirting and cool boots, but it's all finished with a bold crocheted raffia, oversized bag. It's Anderson's world right now and we're happy to live in it.  Pierpaolo Piccioli has cornered the market on beautiful and beautifully made dresses and gowns. Spring 2019 elicited a standing ovation from a crowd of people who had seen somewhere between 20 and 50 runway presentations in the preceding weeks. Consider it proof of pretty then that his billowing cotton dresses, kaleidoscope prints and sequin suiting literally got people to their feet. This pin-tucked pink number with oversized sleeves and a jaunt chapeau has our number.   There are the clothes you want to step into the moment they leave the runway and the clothes that create the fantasy we all want to live in. Marc Jacobs is a bit dreamer, a bit Mad Hatter. His dive back into the 1980s last season helped create a veritable wave of returns to the Greed Decade. This season, we're here for this prom dress and oversized blue jacket with matching hair.  We'll take a walk in Rodarte's garden anytime we're invited. With glorious, diaphanous gowns, lace skirting, and a shimmering, bold gold dress, all topped off with flower crowns that would make Frida Kahlo proud, Spring was a magical showing of ultra-femininity by Laura and Kate Mulleavy. This white suit with puff sleeves is seemingly simple, but just the sort of special and timeless look we've come to expect from the sister design duo. Welcome back to New York  Julien Dossena has taken the fashion world by storm since beginning his tenure at Paco Rabanne. What started as a study of Rabanne's well-known futuristic designs has evolved into a clever mix of those famed chain links, mixed with prints from far off lands, lingerie details and a decidedly-90s silhouette. Even with that lean silhouette throw-back these looks feel incredibly new. Put us on the pre-order list for these fantastic pants and maybe 5 other looks on our wish list.
  Witness her killer moves with your own eyes.  Last night, Rihanna cemented her status as a fashion mogul when she presented her latest Savage X Fenty lingerie collection with a stunning runway spectacle. The show, which was filmed on September 10 in Brooklyn, featured supermodels from Alek Wek to the Hadid sisters, diverse women of various shapes and sizes, dancers, and musical performers. The standout star in the roster (aside from Rihanna herself)? Normani, without a doubt.  The breakout pop and R&B singer, formerly of the girl group Fifth Harmony, modeled a printed bra, underwear, matching gloves, and black tights for the show, but rather than doing a typical runway strut, she delivered a fierce dance performance (to Sean Paul's "Get Busy") that left viewers in complete awe.  good morning to normani destroying ‘get busy’ 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 pic.twitter.com/zPXicG3fEI NORMANI ladies and gentlemen 💋🖤 @Normani #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/iIhGQ9p5vR Omg @Normani you look so amazing #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/1kUc0rArAq Normani is everything. Send tweet #SavageXFentyShow pic.twitter.com/P0UFgqV0yW Normani is amazing. Girl bodied that performance, it was so grown and sexy. It's only right that you know Normani's name is synonymous with excellence. You slayed that #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW. I'm so proud of you. pic.twitter.com/3PzlX9k9CO Normani x fenty.That’s it, that’s the tweet.pic.twitter.com/I2OEQrAJoh normani is a legend in the making i just feel it Normani absolutely slayed Rihanna's #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/lWM8LASBl0 I’ve said it once and I’ll say it again - 🗣Y’ALL BETTER PUT SOME RESPECT ON NORMANI’S NAME 🗣 #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW #Normani pic.twitter.com/9pks7Dr7Sq THE WAY NORMANI FUCKING DESTROYED THAT STAGE. A GODDAMN ICON. #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOWpic.twitter.com/jQByT4gOg8 WOW can we just take a moment to appreciate this legend in the making she’s doing the fucking damn thing period!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 😭🙌🏾😩 #Normani pic.twitter.com/UlrYdEjtAa RIHANNA SPILLED WHEN SHE SAID THAT NORMANI ATE THE WHOLE SHOW!!!! LOOK AT THE MATERIAL pic.twitter.com/auhbXNsaih god bless paris.god bless rihanna.god bless normani.god bless the diversity of all the dancers. god bless rih's team for never disappointing. #SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW pic.twitter.com/LO9l0RkjXK Normani's dance abilities have been getting extra attention in the past few months after the singer's buzzed-about "Motivation" music video and VMAs performance. Rihanna did not let the young artist's talents go unnoticed.  "I wanted to highlight women who are powerful," the designer told ELLE.com of her Savage X Fenty show, which was choreographed by Parris Goebel. "To me, power in whatever way you master it is very sexy. And with someone like Normani, you know, she's an incredible dancer, and dance is athleticism. Dance is powerful. It would be a shame to miss out on the opportunity to have that kind of beauty and power in the show."  Rihanna claimed that she is "not nearly as good a dancer as Normani," but she does try to test-run her lingerie pieces by dancing in them in her kitchen. 
  Down Under designers are having a moment. Every so often we see a shift around designers of a certain region really make an impact in our style stateside. Whether its the Scandinavian's "norm core" or the Colombian designers color and print-enhanced movement—and let's not forget the great Danes. Now, it's Australia and New Zealand's turn. Not only are they redefining the modern woman's wardrobe but many are also making great strides, and leading the way in sustainability. From Maggie Marilyn, to Hansen and Gretel, and Paris Georgia, see all the Oceania brands that are catching our eyes.  This New Zealand brand counts top models like Kendall Jenner, Lily Aldridge and Georgia Fowler as fans. It's easy to see why, their sleek designs are uncomplicated, and instant wardrobe staples. Paris Georgia top, $303, parisgeorgiastore.com. SHOP NOW Launched in 2008, Aje has seen major success thanks to the street style set (like Bettina Looney) who rely on their effortless frocks that are still impactful enough to make the photographers coming running during fashion week.     It's only been three years since launching her eponymous line, but this New Zealand native is making an impact not just on our wardrobes but also on the environment. Sustainability is just ingrained into the culture of her brand, from ethically sourced fabrics, to spotlighting factory workers that help produce the brand with care.  During the spring 2020 shows, from New York to Paris you couldn't walk into a fashion show without seeing It girls in Esber's "negative space" dress. The brand fuses masculine and feminine details into an ultra modern collection that exudes a quiet confidence.     Best friends Sophie Coote and Nikki Campbell translate Australia's signature style into closet must-haves from gauzy white tops to petite floral separates.    Designer Anna Quan launched her label in 2011 under the principle "less is more"—and specializes in sourcing the finest fabrics and perfect tailoring that keeps the style set coming back for more.  This Aussie staple is another brand making a serious commitment to sustainability, clearly disclosing their production chain for customers to view. Their pieces range from wardrobe basics of blazers and silk dresses to trendier items like a tiger-printed two-piece set.  Hansen and Gretel blazer, $329, hansenandgretel.com. SHOP NOW There's so many eyewear brands, but Velvet Canyon has quickly made a name for themselves but being on some of the most famous names in the game. Whether you're an oval or cat-eye girl, they've got the retro frames on lock. Velvet Canyon sunglasses, $285, velvetcanyon.com. SHOP NOW
 Invest in the pieces that will sail you right from beach weekends into autumn.  It's that time of year when we are patently against investing in any more purely summer pieces—but that doesn't mean we're giving up on fresh, fun looks. Shop ten pieces that are perfect for now—and maybe even better for later.  LaLigne laligne.com $150 SHOP NOW We love the idea of this Birkin-esque top with a twist that we'd throw over bikini bottoms now and with wide-leg denim when temps drop.  A great tailored trouser will take you style miles. This white pair can make for an unexpected pairing with a maillot now and give you that louche vibe you're striving for with a cream cashmere sweater later.  A shoe with architectural detail is always on our radar. These smart sling-backs are elegant with mini dresses now and will transition effortlessly into fall. This knitted top gives that textural vibe we love. Wear it with your favorite high-waited pieces now and layer it over a button down or shirt dress later. The high end sneaker trend isn't going anywhere. This vibrant leather pair will be perfect with denim cut-offs and a tee for summer weekends and add just the pop of color you need to knit separates. We're here for the puff sleeve trend. This statement-making dress will be elegant for after-work al fresco dinners with sandals and look just as good with boots when it cools off. Embrace the belt bag trend in unexpected velvet. The logo craze isn't going anywhere either. This skirt is the stuff dreams are made of—ladybug buttons included. Pair with that cropped knit tank now and a turtleneck come October—and let the compliments roll in. We've established our love of a great white shirt. This one is especially fetching and exists in that perfect, season-less place. The consensus is in—wide leg jeans are the way to go. Get your '90s raver style on lock with tank bodysuits now and smart blazers later.
 His Fall 2018 show in February will be the last shown during NYFW.  The mass exodus of designers leaving New York Fashion Week isn't slowing down anytime soon, and now the CFDA-helmed week is losing one of its biggest designers: Alexander Wang.  As WWD reports, the designer is opting out of the traditional NYFW calendar following the Fall 2018 shows this February. Moving forward, Wang will instead present his collections in June and December.  "Our customer will be better served through the new system. The innovative approach reframes product on the month that it ships, rather than the outdated labels of ‘resort’ or ‘pre-fall,’ giving our customers more relevant and consistent merchandise throughout the year," Lisa Gersh, CEO of Alexander Wang, told WWD.  Under the new format, collections shown in June will hit stores between October and March, while collections shown in December will be available to shop between April and September.  Wang's departure follows a growing list of designers who have already exited New York Fashion Week, including Proenza Schouler, Altuzarra, Public School, Rodarte, Thom Browne and more. This season's NYFW calendar will also be missing Tommy Hilfiger and Victoria Beckham, who are showing in Milan and London, respectively.  With his over-the-top after parties and #WANGFEST, however, Wang brought something especially unique to the usually subdued week of shows. Without his presence, it's unclear where exactly the future of New York Fashion Week is headed. As a result, the CFDA is considering the addition of a summer and winter season in New York, possibly launching this year in June and December (or July and January).  Steven Kolb, CEO of the CFDA, told WWD the plan is still very much up in the air, but conversations are in the works, "The idea is, could there be a core group of brands that sat well together and combined their interests to do something during pre-collections?" "I think for it to have any significance in terms of making a mark, I could see a collective of maybe five or so brands that have the right adjacency and might align to it," Kolb added.  For now, it seems the future of the traditional NYFW calendar will remain uncertain...
 A real mood.   While attending Paris Fashion Week, Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner had an epic date night last night. And just like your typical date night, there were red hot matching dresses, models galore, and wine glasses carried to-go down the streets of Paris.  In lieu of handbags, the models channeled their inner Rihanna and carried wine glasses out of their Paris hotel. Bad Gal Riri, a real pioneer for accessorizing with wine glasses, has been spotted carrying her drinks to-go for years now.  
  Not only did Bella and Kendall give us some major Rihanna vibes, but their night out also channeled another iconic BFF drinking moment in history. Back in 2003, Cameron Diaz and Drew Barrymore were spotted carrying an open bottle of champagne and two glasses down the streets of New York for an epic girls night out. Let's take a moment to remember the real OGs here: Along with their must-have wine glass accessories, the It models also served up some looks in coordinating red dresses. Kendall opted for a sparkling one-shouldered dress by Alexandre Vauthier paired with clear PVC heels. Bella, on the other hand, went for a bit more buttoned-up look in a long-sleeve collared dress by Emilio Pucci and colorful patent heels. She accessorized with an orange croc Dorateymur shoulder bag, which still allowed her to carry her wine because, priorities.  The duo was attending a Paris Fashion Week party hosted by YouTube alongside Karlie Kloss, Joan Smalls, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, and more of the fashion crowd. 
 Her son, Presley Gerber, will also make an appearance. Cindy Crawford is recreating her iconic 1992 Pepsi commercial for this year's Super Bowl. The new iteration arrives 26 years after the original, and will costar her 18-year-old son, Presley Gerber. The full ad will debut on February 4, the night of the big game, but Pepsi already teased a photo from the TV spot.  Like she does in the original, Crawford  sips a Pepsi at a gas station, but that signature white tank top is missing. This time, she's sporting a denim shirt. The new ad will also include footage from Michael Jackson's dance-filled Pepsi commercial from 1984. The supermodel, 51, was excited to work with her son for the project. "Just as a mother, we drove to work together that day and we shared the same trailer. And when he was doing his thing, I was just a proud mom watching from the sidelines, trying not to annoy him," she told the Associated Press yesterday. We're still waiting for a joint ad between her and her 16-year-old daughter, Kaia, who's become a breakout star on the runways. Crawford is aware that her Pepsi spot has become a pop culture classic. "It was one of those moments in my career that when I walked down the street, people were like, 'Pepsi!' Or I'd be at a bar and people would send me over a Pepsi," she told AP. She's even seen women channel the ad for an easy Halloween costume. This isn't Crawford's first time revisiting the commercial, however. In 2016, she parodied the ad on The Late Late Show with James Corden, which featured the late-night host in the same tank top and cutoff denim shorts.  The Associated Press contributed reporting. 
 The model has opened up about her famous ex in a new interview.  In a new interview with PORTER magazine, Gisele Bündchen has finally opened up about a plethora of topics—from her incredible career as a Victoria's Secret model, to what life is like with her husband Tom Brady. But one subject that fans might not have expected the supermodel to discuss at length is her former relationship with Hollywood heartthrob, Leonardo DiCaprio. In the incredibly honest interview, Bündchen reveals that her split from the famous actor in 2005 came at a difficult time in her life. Having faced anxiety, which included having panic attacks, the model realized that she needed to make some major changes if she wanted to feel better.  Per  PORTER, Bündchen "had lost control of herself entirely; she was living out of a suitcase, subsisting on mocha Frappuccinos, cigarettes and wine. A doctor suggested Xanax, but she didn’t want to take a pill. Instead, she imposed strict new rules to force herself out of the cycle." The model's new rules included, "No sugar, no caffeine, no alcohol," cutting back on work commitments, and beginning instruction with a yoga teacher.   As for why she ended her relationship with DiCaprio, Bündchen tells PORTER, "No longer numbing myself with smoking, drinking and too much work, I was becoming more and more aware of things that I’d chosen not to look at. Was I alone in wanting to do some serious soul-searching while he stayed the same? In the end, unfortunately, the answer was yes." Of course, Bündchen has since moved on. Per E! News, the model went on a blind date with Brady in December 2006, and ended up marrying him in April 2009. Brady and Bündchen have since welcomed two children—son Benjamin, who was born in December 2009, and daughter Vivian in December 2012. Brady has another son, John, from his previous relationship with Bridget Moynahan. SUBSCRIBE
 Shiny essentials to shop for the chilling weather ahead.  Shiny essentials to shop for the upcoming season.  Proenza Schouler bag, $1,750, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Lynn Ban ring, $500, lynnban.com. SHOP Balenciaga boots, $855, farfetch.com. SHOP Off-White c/o Virgil Abloh bag, $1,100 shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Jennifer Fisher earrings, $685, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Golden Goose Deluxe Brand boots, $665, similar styles available at goldengoosedeluxebrand.com. SHOP Louis Vuitton bag, $2,660, similar styles available at louisvuitton.com. SHOP Piaget necklace, $11,600, piaget.com. SHOP Proenza Schouler oxfords, $820, similar style available at zappos.com. SHOP Chanel bag, $3,700, chanel.com. SHOP Jil Sander earrings, $170, similar style available at jilsander.com. SHOP Aldo booties, $120, similar style available at aldoshoes.com. SHOP Ralph Lauren Fine Jewelry necklace, $6,900, ralphlauren.com. SHOP
 From to Dior to Chanel, all the runway highlights from the fall collections in Paris.  Bonjour, Paris: the final leg of Fashion Month is here. As the Fall 2019 collections hit the runways in the French capital, we're highlighting all the standout looks along the way. From Dior to Chanel, these are the runway looks that will shape next season's biggest trends.  The Centre Pompidou, Paris' epicenter of modern and contemporary art, served as a primary source of inspiration for Nicolas Ghesquière this season, as did "Culture" more loosely, which he describes as "what we see, what we accept,what we learn. What’s left to us..."And rather than look to the oh-so-haute Louvre, the designer chose a more urban, modern, downtown approach. As his show notes began, "perceptions shift..." And shift they did, although Ghesquière's girl is still the tough, mini-skirt-wearing girl she has been for seasons.  For Fall 2019, the designer paired bold shoulders, ruffles, sparkles, and other fanciful elements with grungier street elements for a mix that feels resemblant of the streets. He also played with a piece of every bold tone for a reason—"Green is water, blue is air, yellow is electricity. Red is human."—but used them sporadically. For the most part, this is still the cool-kid Vuitton girl you've come to know and love; she's just expanding her horizons. —Carrie Goldberg Television screens surrounded the Miu Miu runway, looping old school VHS imagery including such disparate themes as Mariah Carey, random nudes, cats, and blooming flowers. The whole look was very mid-‘90s MTV. The clothing vibed on that idea a bit but not too literally with a cool, young mix—camo and shearling jackets, some pop floral slim maxi skirts, layered leather mini skirts, and sheer puff sleeve mini dresses. A black velvet cape and anorak cape-jacket hybrids were standouts. At the end of the show, models walked to Dolly Patton’s rendition of "Stairway to Heaven," further proof that sometimes it’s the unexpected pairings that really soar. —Kerry Pieri Karl Lagerfeld’s final collection for Chanel, designed before he passed away last month, walked at the Grand Palais today on a bed of faux snow, next to trees and charming chalet houses against a backdrop of snow capped mountains. A moment of silence and a recording of the posthumous designer speaking before the collection walked served as tribute—but as a drawing of Coo Chanel and Karl Largerfeld sketched by the late designer at each seat read, “The Beat Goes On.”  Chanel is a joyous brand and this collection brought that joy,  après-ski style. The Chanel woman is a true traveler, who requires a wardrobe for each of her fabulous destinations, including the world's chicest mountaintops. Whether that be Gstaad, Aspen, or Hokkaido, she’s certainly covered in puffer jackets, black and white tweeds, white suiting, a furry snow cape, fair isle sweaters and snow boots, bien sur.  Penelope Cruz helped close the show in an ice queen-worthy mini dress before models walked to0 "We Could Be Heroes" by David Bowie, the same song which closed Karl's last show for Fendi in Milan. Karl will always be missed but he was most certainly still felt today. —Kerry Pieri For Fall, Sarah Burton looked back to her hometown in Northern England for inspiration. In her show notes, the creative director revealed she brought her team to the countryside and mill towns in which she grew up, leading to a collection inspired by “the bolts of cloth we saw woven both by man and machine.”  The end result was a garden party of new sorts—one that traded in traditional floral print frocks for futuristic, couture-like roses that came to life in new form. There were 3-D florals that blossomed as the exaggerated shoulders of an ‘80s-inspired jacket and a series of belted pouf dresses. A range of metallic looks—from jewel-encrusted suiting to chain evening wear—leaned towards the futuristic, machine-driven aspect of the collection. All together, it was a stunning contrast of old meets new, delicate meets tough, and nature meets technology. —Lauren Alexis Fisher Giambattista Valli has long mastered the art of swoon-worthy dresses—and his Fall 2019 collection was no exception. A masculine-meets-feminine juxtaposition set the tone for the collection, with boxy tailored suits sprinkled in-between flouncy floral dresses and gowns. It was the range of colorful print dresses accessorized with floral neck scarves and fanciful feathered shoes that stood out most, however. Puffed sleeves and strong shoulders served as the main focal points, echoing the ongoing ‘80s revival that doesn’t appear to be slowing down anytime soon—much to our delight. —Lauren Alexis Fisher 
 Only if we can wear these Jacquemus boots though.  White boot season is upon us, according to Hailey Bieber. The 22-year-old model sported the favorite fall trend yesterday while out in Los Angeles with a chic, '90s-inspired outfit—minus the pants.   Hailey layered an oversized J Brand x Elsa Hosk leather blazer over a long, cotton MM6 Maison Margiela T-shirt. And although her bottoms were either MIA or hiding under her shirt, she kept her legs partially covered with a pair of white fold-over boots by Jacquemus. Additional accessories included Celine square cat-eye sunglasses, gold hoop earrings, a gold watch, and a black leather bag from the Alexander Wang x Bvlgari collaboration. To complete the nostalgic aesthetic, she kept her hair in a laid-back updo with a jaw clip.    Hailey and husband Justin Bieber, who legally married a year ago, are reportedly having their religious ceremony this month. Will the model wear an equally modern and risqué bridal look, or will she opt for something more traditional?    Hailey recently opened up about the rocky start of her modeling career and how she used to feel "inferior" to her friends—like Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid, and Bella Hadid—because they were taller and booking more runway jobs. "My burn in the modeling industry has been slow and I've had to learn to be okay with that," Hailey told Vogue Australia.  She added, "You can make it work and not have to do runway, and I've done a good job with that. I'm proud of myself for building a more commercial career that worked for me and being confident about it."
 But she's still inspiring women to love their bodies. Sixteen-year-old Natalie Nootenboom made her runway debut earlier this month during New York Fashion Week, and made history as the first plus-size model to ever walk for Anna Sui. But her record-breaking achievement came with its downsides—when the first-timer arrived backstage, people thought she was part of the crew. "I did get a few looks," Nootenboom told The Hollywood Reporter. "But I get it, I was the first plus-sized model to walk for Anna Sui." The model, who's also the niece of DJ-turned-designer Steve Aoki, had to clarify to some crew members that she was walking in the show, not working backstage for it. "It was uncomfortable at first. Being the first of anything requires a little uncomfortability," she explained in a separate interview with ELLE.com.  In case you missed it here's an edit of my walk for Anna Sui's #nyfw show. I remember I would always play this song and daydream about walking on a runway and the day has finally come! Thank you so much @annasui  and I am so honored to be chosen  to be your first plus model to walk your show! ❤️ A post shared by  𝐍𝐚𝐭𝐚𝐥𝐢𝐞 . (@natalienootenboom) on Sep 11, 2017 at 11:01pm PDT Nootenboom won't let that initial rough patch get in the way of her goal to inspire other curvy women to embrace their bodies. "I felt out of place when I first got there," she told THR, "but I just remembered that I’m making a place for curvy girls." The fashion world has been getting better representing plus-size women on the runways. There were 90 plus-size model appearances this NYFW, a significant improvement from the 26 last season, according to The Fashion Spot's diversity report. Twelve out of the 94 shows surveyed in the study featured curvy women, but that includes plus-size lines like Addition Elle and Torrid.  Nootenboom's debut also defies body image norms on a more specific level, as she challenges stereotypes that Asian women are all skinny and petite. The model, who is of Japanese descent, revealed that she received plenty of thank-yous from fellow Asian women on social media after making her runway debut.  She recalled one emotional exchange: "I got this one elderly lady who told me, 'I wish there was someone like you representing us when I was young.'"  We hope to see Nootenboom on many more runways to come.
 Floral dresses, sequin animal prints, sexy swimwear—need we say more? London-based RIXO is no stranger to ShopBAZAAR. We’ve been smitten with the line’s vintage-inspired pieces since day one and continuously collaborated with co-founders (and BFFs), Henrietta Rix and Orlagh McCloskey, for exclusives and amazing features. With a growing list of devoted followers that include editors, influencers and celebs, this is the buzzy brand you need to add to your closet if you haven’t already. We talked to RIXO about their beginnings, the ShopBAZAAR Hero and what’s next. Describe the beginnings of the brand. Orlagh: We met at university—we were both studying at London College of Fashion in the same Fashion Management course. We bonded over our shared love of vintage and became best friends straight away.  Henrietta: We’d scour charity shops and vintage fairs together all over London, parts of the UK, and even abroad (whenever we went on holiday together) hunting for vintage treasures—we still make time to fit this in now! Whenever we go anywhere, the first thing we do is look up where the local vintage shops and flea markets are. We get so much inspiration from different cultures and countries we visit. Orlagh: We had the initial idea at university after working on a project together. After that, it was only a matter of time before we set up RIXO. As soon as we graduated in 2014, we worked behind-the-scenes for RIXO on weekends and evenings—every spare minute we had that we weren’t working at our other jobs! Eventually we quit our jobs and RIXO was launched from our university house in September 2015.      RIXO dress, $400, shopbazaar.com  SHOP NOW Style tips for wearing the ShopBAZAAR Hero?Henrietta: Our Coleen dress is a really versatile transitional piece, no matter the season or time of day. Wear it casually in the winter months with trainers or boots and layered with an oversized knit jumper on top. For evening or a special occasion, remove your jumper and throw on a pair of heels to dress it up. Due to the lightweight silk fabric, worn on its own with flats or sandals, our Coleen dress will see you right through the warmer months too or if you’re heading to a sunnier climate to escape the cold! In the past few years, RIXO has gained a huge following with editors, celebs and influencers making the brand their go-to—what do you think is the main reason for this?Orlagh: It’s a mixture of design, quality, and price-point all amalgamated together. All of our pieces are high-quality and mostly 100% silk and our prints are all hand-painted, so that also gives us a really strong, personal brand identity that people recognise. I design every print and so, because it’s always my hand and my handwriting, it will always look like a RIXO piece. Our shapes are also flattering and very unique to us. Additionally, we don’t have investors; RIXO is self-funded by both Henrietta and I. Therefore, unlike other brands we don’t work to a certain margin for pricing. We work backwards, looking first at what we think the true value of something is and what we would be happy to pay for it ourselves as a customer.  Henrietta: We feel so passionately about not being greedy and ensuring it’s the end customer that gets the true value for money! Instagram has also played a part in our growth and ability to reach new global audiences. It’s something we have handled personally from the beginning—it has all been very organic. Since we launched our Instagram I’ve manage it entirely and I think part of the success is because it’s our own personal stream of thought and no one else is posting, commenting or replying on our behalf. I try to reply to all of our DMs or comments and also proactively like and comment on posts of people wearing RIXO who have used our #HumansOfRIXO hashtag. Our account is really inclusive, personal, and natural; we’re not trying to be something we’re not or alienate a certain customer—I think people connect with that.Biggest hurdle you had to overcome to make your business work?Henrietta: We are completely self-funded and hopefully as two young, determined hard working women, we can keep it that way. We feel really passionate about business as well as design and growing RIXO ourselves, without investors, in an organic manor. When we first started RIXO in 2015, it was just Orlagh and I doing everything ourselves, right up until this past year—from launching an e-commerce website to designing and marketing to packing and sending the orders customers made on rixo.co.uk. Not having funding or help meant all the workload and decisions about the business were left completely to us, which of course was challenging—we had to completely give up our personal lives for a while. However, it was the best thing we could have done! Not having anyone else to answer to meant that we could be agile, make decisions quickly, create pieces that we really loved, and focus on areas of the business that we knew would help drive success. Orlagh: In the first six months of starting the brand, it was a challenge getting people to understand the ethos of the brand without having product to show them. As soon as we had product it was easier to show them what RIXO was about. How do you see your brand growing/evolving? Henrietta: We’re expanding into new categories so people can shop the whole RIXO look. We just launched swim and beach cover-ups and in February we launch our first accessories category, including handbags, belts, jewellery, neck scarves, and hair accessories. Eventually our goal is to make RIXO a complete lifestyle brand.  Orlagh: The new categories are in response to the demand from our customers. We’d style up RIXO ready-to-wear pieces on rixo.co.uk with our own vintage accessories and we always had customers asking to buy the full looks—sometimes we’d end up selling or loaning out our own vintage belts and bags to customers who were coveting them.Powerful advice your received?Henrietta: Be willing to put the brand above everything else. We gave up our twenties for RIXO and there’s no sign of slowing down. You have to be completely immersed and passionate about your brand, otherwise the long hours and sacrifices you have to make will get the better of you.  Orlagh: Follow your gut! We’ve made lots of decisions in the past based on what we felt was right for the brand, against what sometimes was advised by others who perhaps had more experience than us. No one knows your brand better than you!     What's next?Henrietta: In February we are launching an accessories collection for the first time within our Spring/ Summer 2019 collection. Our SS19 accessories, like ready-to-wear, are vintage inspired and feature our hand-painted prints. There’s bold printed scrunchies, decorative chain belts with shell detailing, Napa leather and printed bags with chain bracelet handles and shell closures, as well as decadent ‘80s inspired costume jewellery (the bigger the better!). Orlagh: Our upcoming SS19 collection ‘Love Over Gold’, a nod to Princess Diana’s favourite Dire Straits album, is inspired by our favourite ‘80s icons—Princess Diana, Jerry Hall, Brooke Shields, Madonna… We created pieces that we could imagine those icons wearing back in their heyday, but with a contemporary twist. From Jerry Hall supermodel glam pieces with sweetheart neckline and clashing prints, to demurer Princess Diana inspired co-ords, silk midi skirts, and midi day dresses with high necklines and balloon sleeves. It’s exciting because there’s a wider variation of shapes and prints in this collection—maxi polka dots, pastel tone animal prints, abstract florals, multi-coloured houndstooth and ‘80s style chain print. Plus, it’s the first time we’ll be launching RIXO accessories!
 Street style has become just as major as the runway shows themselves. Check out these street style stars for fashion inspiration. We're tracking the in-demand model's off-duty style.  Take a look at some of the singer, beauty mogul, and designer's best looks over the years. See the model's most stylish off-duty looks. Tracking the actress' best looks from the red carpet to the streets of New York.  Because dressing for the office in freezing temperatures can feel uninspired.  We break down all the price tags in the latest episode of 'This Look Is Money.'  From bootcut to black, they can't live without them. Tyler Joe captures the best dressed fashion week guests... Ciao, Bellas... Inside the festival's best looks. Winter outfit inspiration from the best model street style.  See all of the It model's best off-duty looks.  Tyler Joe shoots the chicest on the streets during the Spring 2020 runways... The People's Princess was a fashion icon way ahead of her time. The looks fashion girls will be loving this fall. Start shopping this season's office must-haves now.  It's called chic in the heat...  Gowns, pasties, and oversized sombreros. The Lizzie Fortunato brand manager takes BAZAAR inside her closet to demonstrate how she brings Texas fashion to Brooklyn. The Obamas are serving up some major style while traveling through the South of France.  J.Law's diamond is so sparkly. What to wear to work without sweating to death on your commute. It's the end of an era.  Welcome summertime in style.
 The bright green dress is perfect for London's warmer weather. Meghan Markle continued her busy week of royal engagements by attending the Invictus Games Sydney celebration reception in London today with Prince Harry. And, as per usual, Markle's outfit choice was impeccable. The reception was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, ahead of October's Invictus Games, and for the event Markle selected a striking floral Self-Portrait dress, which she paired with a smart black blazer.  As London is experiencing a heatwave right now, the future royal appeared to select a dress in a light and floaty fabric, perfect for the midst of Spring. The dress is currently still in stock and retails for around $510. Self-Portrait Cold Shoulder Floral Dress, $510 SHOP With less than a month until the royal wedding on May 19, Markle continues to demonstrate her flawless style whenever she attends functions with her fiancé. As well as wearing the incredibly summery Self-Portrait dress, Markle's Grain de Poudre blazer by Alexander McQueen ensured that her outfit remained smart for the occasion.   SHOP She completed the outfit with a simple pair of black Manolo Blahnik heels, and a Roland Mouret Cross-Body Bag, which is currently sold out, though you can still shop the style in different fabrics. Manolo Blahnik BB Pointy Toe Pump, $625 SHOP Roland Mouret Mini Classico Cross-Body Bag SHOP It's thought that Markle will attend the Queen's 92nd birthday celebration concert tonight alongside Prince Harry and several members of the royal family. Want more royals? Now you can watch all of the best episodes from Bazaar's Royal Watch—right here on Prime Video.
 Did you meet the world in plaid flannel or bell bottoms? Fashion changes at a rapid pace. When we say the '80s, everyone thinks of big shoulders and Madonna, but each year of each decade had its own unique sartorial mood. See what was at the top of the style conversation the year you were welcomed into the world. The question remains: Are you more or less likely to embrace the choker if Victoria Beckham was wearing it in the year of your birth? The Summer of Love was in full swing as was the Vietnam War. Girls like supermodel Twiggy were rocking mini skirts, often with matching or coordinating tops. It was a year of smart camel coats, Love Story and strong female silhouettes. Take note from a post-White House Jackie Kennedy in this dream jacket and cross-body bag to really pinpoint the vibe. Everyone was embracing stripes, good suiting and a solid wide brim hat. Women in ties was optional, but gave a good indication that Women's Lib was alive and well. A great wide collar was perfect for disco dancing. Bianca Jagger proved that embracing menswear shapes for women, as pioneered by Yves Saint Laurent's Le Smoking was all the rage. Obviously, this idea endures. The bell bottom was just the thing for men and women. It was all about showing your curves and making room for a big platform shoe underneath those roomy hems. It wasn't all suiting and menswear inspired in the 1970s. Off the shoulder-easy breezy dresses were having a moment. All the better in white cotton. The world saw the end of the Vietnam War and the rise of platform sandals, mini dresses and turtlenecks for layering. There was an ice-skater vibe in fashion and the price of a brand new Mustang was just over $4,000.   The Apple Computer Company formed and Charlie's Angels premiered on TV. Women were wearing shirt dresses, midi skirts and pussy bow blouses. Feathering your hair was an unofficial mandate. Spain held its first democratic election in 41 years, the Trans Alaskan Oil Pipeline opened and Saturday Night Fever hit the big screen. Ladies wore a little sparkle whereever they could, smart, slouchy turtlenecks and anything that you could do the Hustle in. If you weren't wearing a giant collar and fitted vest in 1978, who even were you? Harvey Milk became the first openly gay person elected to public office in California and Fleetwood Mac was at the top of the charts.  It was two more years before nothing could get between Brooke Shields and her Calvins but dark, fitted denim was already everywhere. Everyone was reading  The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams and life expectancy for males was 70 years old.  It was gold lamé or bust, baby and the question on everyone's lips was “Who Shot J.R.?” It was all glamour and glitz and looking like the richest girl in the room. Consider it the precursor to today's athleisure boom. It was all about a Jane Fonda-style workout with the leotard and leg warmers to match. Heather Locklear pulled it all off with particular aplomb. A lace portrait collar and smart velvet with a statement shoulder was just the sort of tasteful look royals and non-royals alike favored. This was a time when the world was falling in love with Princess Di and happily hadn't embraced neon yet. Pick your polka dot, any polka dot. Black, white and red was having a graphic moment, shoulders were still big and a wasp waist was everything. Everyone was naming their daughters  Jennifer, Jessica, Amanda or Ashley. Everyone was still feeling the sartorial affects of "Flashdance." Off the shoulder sweaters and stir up leggings hit the masses. Christie Brinkley was the supermodel of the moment and Vanessa Williams became the first black Miss America.  It was all about big hair, the slouch boot and "Girls Just Want to Have Fun." Mikhail Gorbachev became the leader of the Soviet Union and Michael Jordan was named "Rookie of the Year" in the NBA.  It was only one look of Madonna's many looks, but it was a big one. Off the shoulder velvet and a lot of taffeta made appearances at proms all over America. Girls were wearing their boyfriends' leather jackets and it was all about a good pump.  For every primary color and fuchsia silk rosette available, there was also a sleek buttoned-up moment in fashion. Brows were bold, cheekbones were high and so were collars. Heavy jewelry was a must and Whitney Houston just wanted to dance with somebody.  The sleek skirt suit, preferable in a color of the rainbow was in every power woman closet. "Working Girl" was in theaters and it wasn't out of the question to throw on that suit with some slouch socks and sneakers. The glass ceiling was just beginning to show cracks and Wall Street was booming. It was all about getting a jacket that could stop traffic, jewelry with gem stones to spare and, if you're really feeling special, gloves as accessory. George H.W. Bush became president, Michael Keaton was Batman and Paula Abdul was Forever Your Girl. Welcome to the year of layered necklaces and chain belts. Fashion in general was more toned down than in the '80s—with an emphasis on basic white blouses and black trousers rather than over-the-top wide shoulder jackets and crazy colors.  "Cheers" and "Designing Women" were on TV and Julia Roberts was the It-girl, wearing oversized blazers, natural makeup and simple gold hoops. Everything was understated and cool and the edgy youth were listening to Nirvana’s Nevermind. The designer to wear was Versace, Versace, Versace. Black and gold form-fitting looks with major sex appeal were everywhere as was the high, slick pony tail. The Bodyguard was the soundtrack to listen to and the movie to see. It was a year to look like you were headed directly from school to a rave, from work to a rave, or from the dentist, directly to a rave. Life was a Delia's catalogue with overalls, rainbow everything, patches and floppy hats. It's also the year Coachella began, thanks to Pearl Jam.  Marc Jacobs was the designer to know, My So Called Life was premiering and plaid flannel was already emerging along with grunge bands. Cindy Crawford was the supermodel of the moment and unnatural red hair was the color to have. Minimalism was one of the major looks of the decade, with Carolyn Bessette as one of its greatest champions. Calvin Klein ruled, as did black and white and clean lines. Shoes were the simple mule or Doc Martens. Little tiny sunglasses were everywhere, as were striped highlights for men and women. Girls wore their button-downs open at the bottom, Beanie Babies reached fever pitch and the top songs were "Don't Speak" by No Doubt and "Wannabe" by the Spice Girls. You couldn't walk a city block without seeing at least a few vibrant track suits. Musicians were the greatest style inspiration, including singer Aaliyah, who favored cropped tops—along with every other girl with good abs. It also wasn't unlikely to see men's underwear bands peeking out of everyone's pants. Butterfly clips, chain mail tops and pleather pants added up to a great look in 1998. Makeup had a general silver sheen to it and and the haircut to have was the "Something About Mary" bob. 
 We've got moves you've never seen before... Get your spring style story straight—from the perfect little red dress, to statement tops, and a new take on the boyfriend blazer. Get inspired by the ladies who wear them well and shop the looks.  Chloe is a vision in red with white accessories in this killer Khaite dress with an unexpected drop waist. This spring-ready piece is the ideal day to night, winter to spring transition piece. It's all about a little drama and ease in wearability. A little Victorian, a little modern. Wear it with boots now and sandals later. While they have a more utilitarian rep, a great pair of slouchy khakis is anything but boring. Indya Moore proves they're the perfect balance for even the sexiest tops.  A subtle cargo pocket and slouchy fit put these right at the top of our spring wish list.  The boyfriend jacket is now worn best with a strong shoulder, in a light hue. We love how Rihanna styled hers with a slip dress and minimal sandals. This jacket will take you through spring over denim, with coordinating trousers for a suiting look, over dresses a la Rihanna. The options are endless. An ultra luxe jumpsuit, like this Ralph Lauren one on Rosie Huntington Whiteley, is a spring must. Gilded accessories only up the chic ante. Easy but elegant. Has there ever been a better combo? The most modern spring uniform is a great blazer paired with biker shorts, seen here on Marion Cotillard in Chanel.  These sleek babies are meant to be dressed up. It's all about the balance of a great jacket.  Cara Santana knows the quickest way to look pulled-together is a sleek bun and a tweedy menswear-inspired suit. The hoops are just a bonus. This pinstripe number also has coordinating pants, which leads to nearly endless combinations of smart looks. A subtle statement dress with a sleeve is just the thing as temps get higher. A pretty print makes it that much better. We love the idea of this dress with a white slouchy boot. A relaxed jean with cowboy boots and cashmere turtleneck sweater is the exact transition look we have in mind. Kaia Gerber looks beyond cool in it.  Finding the right oversized jean isn't easy—but we have you covered with this slightly distressed pair. A shift dress is a modern option for evening at the moment. Go bold a la Gigi in Prada and try a knee-high sock. It's fashion but fun. This charming dress is work (with tights!) to weekend approved.   Pairing neutral pieces together is elongating—and signifies the turn of seasons. We love Bella's double breasted, 80s inspired jacket. This pencil skirt will provide that same elongating vibe—just pair with a coordinating bodysuit or knit. Statement tops are here to stay. Take note from Bettina Looney and wear your bold shoulders with pride. Get a similar vibe in a great dress with a statement sleeve. 
 Christine Centenera and Josh Goot's pared-down collection is also getting the denim treatment. WARDROBE.NYC capsule collections are a one-stop shop to looking like the coolest kid in the room. Designer Josh Goot and stylist Christine Centenera founded the direct-to-consumer brand with the concept that each drop would be sold only in fixed four- and eight-piece wardrobe sets through the brand’s website and New York concept store. It’s an innovative idea and appealing to many, but  also somewhat limiting to shoppers who just want those perfect bike shorts. Now the individual pieces will be available at Matchesfashion.com and the brand’s site.“The concept of WARDROBE.NYC as a brand that was designed in capsules to build the perfect wardrobe, was something that we found incredibly innovative,” Natalie Kingham, the fashion and buying director at Matchesfashion.com, said in a release. The e-comm site will also be releasing the brand’s first denim collaboration with Levi’s, as well as select items from past Releases 01 TAILORED, 02 SPORT, and 03 STREET.A slim stovepipe style, pencil skirt, and bold shouldered denim shirt are standouts from the denim collaboration. “Levi’s heritage and cultural significance, combined with their design team and resources in San Francisco, allowed us to explore our own notion of democratic luxury—creating a denim wardrobe concept that felt new and elevated,” co-founder Goot tells BAZAAR.com. As for a chic minimal trench, easy oversized blazers, and button-downs that make up more of Release 04, Centenera explains, “Release 04 is inspired by the idea of a new classic wardrobe. We all wear denim, and we wanted to distill the perfect pieces for a modern wardrobe—reinterpreted Levi’s denim as the foundation, backed with luxury jersey staples and Italian–made tailored essentials.”As for the design duo’s overall denim philosophy? “Practical urban minimalism,” Goot answers. Sounds like a chic continuation of the brand’s overall ethos. See and shop the collection below. SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW SHOP NOW
 You're going to want all of these Yankees hats.  Baseball gear is about to get a high fashion makeover, thanks to Gucci. The Italian fashion house debuted its Pre-Fall 2018 collection today and amongst its signature rich prints, retro-inspired pieces, and sparkling sequins was a first look at its upcoming collaboration with the Major Baseball League.  Featured in the collection's lookbook photos are a variety of Gucci x MLB Yankees hats ranging in color and style. From a classic Yankees hat emblazoned with Gucci's snake emblem to a pink rendition and even a Gucci x Yankees beanie, the toppers are just the first of the fashion and baseball mashup. According to a release from the fashion brand, the collaboration will extend to include several of MLB’s historic teams in both the apparel and accessories categories.  More of the Gucci x MLB apparel and accessories will debut as part of the brand's upcoming Fall 2018 collection, which hits the runway in Milan this February.  It's unclear how much the Gucci x MLB hats will retail for but standard Gucci caps typically range from $240 - $360. As for the MLB, this marks the first time the baseball league has teamed up with a luxury fashion brand. Take a look at more of the collaboration below:  
 Sweater dress weather is (almost) here.  Sweater weather is rapidly approaching, and it's not just exclusive to tops. Along with PVC trench coats and calf-hair boots, sweater dresses are one of falls biggest hits. Variety? You've got it. We're talking balloon sleeves, cable knit, turtleneck, and ankle-sweeping—the sweater dress options are endless. This fall, stay warm or go home in the chunkiest, chicest, and most effortless sweater dresses below.   The oversized sweater dress is a sure fire way to incorporate comfort into your closet rotation. Whether long, short, or somewhere in between, this iteration of the piece is a timeless staple.  The best part about this dress? All you have to do is toss your hair into a bun and slide it on; comfort included.   Easy to layer and perfect for the neutral-obsessed, this midi can be worn by itself or over leather trousers for an elevated, off-duty look.  At this point, you probably already have several turtleneck dresses in your wardrobe. Update your arsenal with ribbed, textured, and wrapped options.  Wear this autumn-ready sweater dress with everything from your favorite worn-in combat boots to your new chunky dad sneakers.  This isn't your average turtleneck dress; this one from cult-favorite Nanushka features a wrap front and a midi length.  When you conjure up an image of a sweater dress in your mind, you may picture it modestly. But when boasting a thigh slit, the staple cold-weather piece becomes a bit more sexy. From street style stars to editors, fashion-forward women can't stop wearing this sweater dress style. Fiorella's charcoal-colored sweater dress makes for the perfect day-to-evening piece. It comes in ivory, too.  Transition into the new season easily with this luxe, soft sweater dress that covers just enough skin. Wear it with sneakers on the weekend or with heeled knee-high boots for the office.  This look pairs wonderfully with minimalistic accessories; let the ribbing detail of the dress do all the talking.  Raey's take on the ribbed dress—which features a fishtail and soft cashmere—achieves the chic look we want to carry all season.  Ideal for layering, work this dress into your rotation by sliding a tissue turtleneck underneath or adding a cotton poplin oversized shirt on top.  Sweater dresses don't only exist in midi and maxi forms; embrace the mini sweater dress and show off your favorite knee-length boots and longline blazers.  Meet your new favorite fall going out dress; featuring virgin wool, statement sleeves, and a timeless grey colorway.  An open-back sweater is one thing, but an open-back sweater dress is on another level of cool. Style yours with white sneakers or flat mules to keep it daytime appropriate.  Simple, but not really. This easy Helmut Lang option looks like a typical ribbed knit mini from the front, but it features an open back, giving you the option to show some skin or a pretty lace bralette.  A splurge-worthy sweater dress that will elevate your fall wardrobe for years to come. 
 15 must-haves to shop from the big sale event.  It's the most wonderful time of year: time to spend your Christmas money. And as fate would have it, it's also Nordstrom's highly-anticipated Half-Yearly Sale. As you recover from your holiday feasts, put those money and gift cards to good use by shopping some of the best deals from Nordstrom's sale event. Whether you're in need of some new winter coats or a fresh pair of boots, here's what to shop from the sale that's happening now through January 2nd.  Originally $248 Prepare to get all the compliments on this double-breasted faux fur coat.  Originally $159 Bored of your fall/winter boot collection already? Add a pair of snake print booties to liven things up. Originally $65 Add a fuzzy, '90s-inspired turtleneck to your collection. Bonus points if you wear it with a mini skirt and tights for a Clueless-inspired look. Originally $169  Nobody wants to buy snow boots, but a stylish pair of combat boots that can endure cold weather conditions? Sign us up. Consider these your new favorite winter boots.  Originally $695  Keep cozy and chic in this oversized coat that'll bring an unexpected color into your winter wardrobe. Originally $24 Hair accessories have been staging a major comeback for the past season now. The next big thing for 2019? The return of headbands. Stock up now.   Originally $895 Hello, 911? I hate to be dramatic, but this Proenza sweater is over 70% off and I can't breathe. Originally $130 Stock up on another pair of classic black leather boots while they're on sale.  Originally $128 Reformation jeans are now on sale for under $80. I repeat: Reformation jeans are now on sale for under $80!!! Originally $40  A turtleneck bodysuit that makes layering a cinch. Wear it with jeans, high-waisted pants, or skirts.  Originally $378 A luxe everyday handbag that will instantly take any outfit to the next level. This brand that's a new favorite amongst fashion girls is now 50% off—act fast. Originally $209 Add a pair of black tights and boots and you've got an instantly chic winter look.  Originally $530 Trust us: all you're going to want to wear the next couple months are chunky oversized knits. This warm turtleneck looks luxe and will keep you cozy through winter.  Originally $59 A fun night out bag that you can dress up or down.  Originally $68  A giant, cozy scarf you'll want to bundle up in all winter long. 
 See all of the It model's best off-duty looks.  It's safe to say that Kendall Jenner has quickly proven herself to be a supermodel-in-the-making. Not only has she made waves on the runway, but her street style game has won her major points in our book. Jenner can make a head-to-toe black outfit feel fresh again, she can work a formal ball skirt effortlessly on the streets of Cannes, and she makes matching sweats look like the chicest haute couture we've ever seen. Click through to see Jenner's latest looks, plus shop model off-duty must-haves on ShopBAZAAR. In a Ports 1961 shirt and shorts, Staud bag, black leather Jacquemus boots, and rectangular Alain Mikli sunglasses while out in NYC.  In a black strapless jumpsuit and strappy black heels, heading out to dinner with Bella Hadid at Cipriani Restaurant in New York City. In Paris Georgia's black bootleg pants and heart singlet top, carrying Staud's moon lizard-effect leather tote, and wearing Are You Ami's Luther hoops (per @kendalljennercloset) while out in Manhattan during New York Fashion Week. In a Versace dress featuring a handkerchief print and neon pink lace, with Amina Muaddi leopard-print ponyskin sandals, heading to dinner with friends in Manhattan. SHOP NOW In a strapless black leather catsuit, which she accessorized with black strappy sandals, a delicate gold chain, and Rue Gembon's Bruna Hoops, stepping out in Los Angeles with Kylie Jenner. In a Bec & Bridge orange midi dress, white shoulder bag, Velvet Canyon sunglasses, and Amina Muaddi sandals while on a bodega run in SoHo, NYC.  In a red denim jacket with matching jeans, white crop top, black byfar handbag, black combat boots, and tonal Kim Kardashian West Carolina Lemke sunglasses.  In a Christopher Kane cheetah-print mini dress (from the brand's Resort 2019 collection), black mini Chloé C bag, slingback heels, and rectangular sunglasses while out in Beverly Hills.  In an off-the-shoulder pink silk mini dress by INGIE Paris with ostrich feather trim across the bodice and white pumps   at the opening of the Tiffany & Co. Flagship boutique in Sydney. In a snake skin embossed mini dress with long sleeves, a plunging neckline and ruffle trim, and a pair of green square-toe sandals at the opening of the Edition Hotel in Times Square. In a black Rami Kadi halter dress with lurex velvet, fringes of beads, crystals at the hips, an alluring key-hole cutout, and two massive side splits for the Vanity Fair Oscars Party.   In a matching Versace denim top and jeans, black booties, black tiny sunglasses, and a colorful scarf wrapped around her head for the Versace fashion show in Milan.   In a black and white, printed, one-shoulder, mini Versace dress with long sleeves, white heels with ankle straps, and a black and gold handle bag while in Milan.  In a printed pink crop top and mini skirt and a vibrant orange blazer all from Area. She also sported a pair of nude pumps from Stuart Weitzman for an interview on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon  In a long sleeve red blouse that she knotted at the front, black jeans, and multicolor sneakers for a walk in the Soho neighborhood of Manhattan.  In a bronze satin blazer dress from Alexander Arutyunov, Stuart Weitzman pumps, and gold snake earrings by Natia X Lako, for Stuart Weitzmans campaign release party and a sit-down interview with BAZAAR.com. In a black leather mini dress and booties for Longchamp's New York Fashion Week show. in a Saks Potts green fur coat, blue jeans, a gray turtleneck sweater, Yeezy Boost sneakers, and Luv Aj huggie earrings while bike riding around NYC.  in a Philosophy Di Lorenzo Serafini dress, Ellery slingback pumps, Peter and May retro sunglasses, and Luv Aj hoop earrings for the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic in Los Angeles.  in a Nina Ricci pink ribbed sweater set and Yeezy "Wave Runner" sneakers at the airport in Los Angeles.  in a white t shirt, nylon Prada fanny pack, tan trousers, and By Far slingback pumps.  in an oversized white button up, white mini skirt, lace up sandals, and coral chandelier earrings while shopping in Paris.  in a House of Holland yellow blazer and trousers, Barney's New York satin mules, and Jimmy Fairly sunglasses out in Paris.  in a snakeskin pattern t-shirt, light wash jeans, brown cowboy boots, and a graffiti Balenciaga purse out during Milan Fashion Week.  in an oversized blazer, cutoff gray denim shorts, a graffiti Balenciaga purse, and baby blue Fendi  cowboy boots out in Milan.  in a blue silk button up, white ribbed tank top, black trousers and Balenciaga purse while arriving at the Alberta Ferretti show during Milan Fashion Week. in a black top with white piping, Calvin Klein 205W39NYC color block trousers, and Kurt Geiger white cowboy boots leaving the Burberry fashion show in London. in a satin tuxedo dress, wide pink belt and point toe boots out in NYC. in a royal blue layered turtle neck and green pants during her appearance on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon.  in a red Marques' Almeida belted jacket, matching bellbottom pants and black boots while out in Paris.
 When lingerie meets street style.  It may still be a few months away, but auditions for the 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show are already well underway. Although the show is rumored to be taking place in Shanghai this year, model castings are currently being held in New York this week. From belly-baring crop tops to actual bras and high-waisted denim, see what models are wearing to their big auditions. Spoiler alert: they're just as good at street style as they are at lingerie. in Louis Vuitton jeans with a Gucci bag in Adam Selman pants in a Victoria's Secret bodysuit and Louis Vuitton boots in a Victoria's Secret bodysuit and Giuseppe Zanotti boots in Off-White t-shrt and Alexander Wang boots in Reformation
 The most coveted pieces from the September Issue... Make this your most stylish season yet with sleek wrap dresses from of-the-moment brand Attico, updated Birkenstocks in never-before-seen colorways, J.W. Anderson's signature pierce bag with a velvet twist and more. From the pages of Harper's BAZAAR, straight to your closet.  WHY WE LOVE IT: Statement earrings are the modern girl’s best friend and this cool piece from editor fave Proenza Schouler is guaranteed to transform any look into one of unexpected edge. With its sculptural shape, subtle contrasting rose gold finish and block charm detail, get ready to make a statement, be bold and turn heads. Proenza Schouler earring, $650, shopbazaar.com SHOP WHY WE LOVE IT:We're delighted about the return of the wrap dress and this is color-blocking at its best. Throw in slinky boudoir vibes and your look is made.  Attico dress, $1,385, shopbazaar.com SHOP WHY WE LOVE IT:You can never have too many pairs of Birkenstocks. With the brand's new collection of fall updates featuring jewel tones and shearling lined—we're stocking up.  Birkenstock sandal, $135, shopbazaar.com SHOP WHY WE LOVE IT:For the past several seasons, J.W. Anderson's pierce bag was the star of street style and this new Victorian-esque version with dramatic ribbon and deep velvet is ready to take its place back on top.  J.W. Anderson bag, $1,930, shopbazaar.com SHOP WHY WE LOVE IT:Make two-toned denim your go-to for "I have nothing to wear" days. It adds an instant cool factor and goes with everything—stripes, florals, neutrals.  Courreges denim, $450, shopbazaar.com SHOP WHY WE LOVE IT:This fall is about about the boot so make it count with bolder than bold, eclectic electric and traffic stopping impact. The best part? The satin fabric and glossy geometric heel.  Tibi boot, $650, shopbazaar.com SHOP WHY WE LOVE IT:Trust Monse to combine two of of the season's hautest details: velvet and cobalt. We especially love the draped neckline and easy fit for an impossibly cool finish, making it appropriate for both everyday and glamorous affairs.  Monse top, $1,150, shopbazaar.com SHOP WHY WE LOVE IT:These deconstructed petal drops are a unique twist on the chandelier earring. Wear it with tees and denim or slip dresses and heels.  Lele Sadoughi earrings, $220, shopbazaar.com SHOP WHY WE LOVE IT: Loewe is officially in the It bag game. Made of butter-soft leather that only gets better with age and the perfect size for carrying all your essentials, we guarantee you’ll be reaching for this bag day after day, season after season.  Loewe bag, $2,850, shopbazaar.com SHOP WHY WE LOVE IT:Not your average power suit. Designers are reinventing tailored separates with feminine features, like pearl accents and flared silhouettes. Bring out your inner boss lady and embrace  get-ahead style.  Ellery blazer, $2,195, shopbazaar.com SHOP Ellery pants, $1,095, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 The model will walk in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in November. Another model will be gracing the runway alongside the Victoria's Secret Angels this November. In an extremely moving Instagram post this weekend, Winnie Harlow revealed that she'd been cast in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, and would finally be making her debut as a VS Model. Taking to Instagram to announce the news, Harlow described how nervous she was going into the casting at Victoria's Secret, and how she was "beyond honored to be given the opportunity to try out." Clearly, everyone was impressed with Harlow, as she will be walking as one of the Victoria's Secret Angels this fall. Overwhelmed by the magnitude of the accomplishment, Harlow thanked just about everybody in her Instagram announcement, most of all pointing "to my fans who have been pushing me forward to this point in my career."   S H A N G H A I 💙🇨🇳 A post shared by  ♔Jamaican Canadian♔ (@winnieharlow) on Sep 4, 2018 at 2:49am PDT  Harlow also revealed, "I can’t believe this!! Thank you for giving me all the energy and kindness in that room! Thank you for allowing me to walk for VICTORIA’S SECRET!" From her appearance on America's Next Top Model, to her uncensored Instagram presence, Harlow has been making a huge impact on the world. Outspoken about her vitiligo, a condition that results in the loss of skin color in patches, Harlow's fierce attitude and unmistakeable style make her a perfect fit for Victoria's Secret.   🦁 the real difference isn't my skin. It's the fact that I don't find my beauty in the opinions of others. I'm beautiful because I know it. Celebrate Your unique beauty today (& everyday)! A post shared by  ♔Jamaican Canadian♔ (@winnieharlow) on Aug 16, 2017 at 8:10am PDT You can even watch a video of the moment that Harlow found out that she'd been cast as a Victoria's Secret Model, and it's clear that one of her biggest dreams had come true.
 Oh yeah, literally while walking in the show. Does Gucci ever learn from their previous mistakes? First, the brand and its creative director, Alessandro Michele, received significant backlash in February after selling blackface clothing. Then, shortly after, the brand came under fire again in May for selling Sikh turbans online for $790. And now, the brand has messed up again—this time, by showcasing clothing that seriously disregards people with mental health issues. During Milan Fashion Week, Gucci sent straitjacket and uniform-inspired looks down the runway for its spring/summer 2020 collection. And while this likely was not the brand's direct intention, it came off kind of callous to the point where a Gucci model named Ayesha Tan-Jones made a statement against the looks while walking the runway.  Before coming down the catwalk, Tan-Jones wrote, "Mental health is not  fashion" on their palms, and held their palms up for the show attendees to see as they came down the runway. Honestly, it was truly a badass moment of silent protest: After the show, Ayesha took to Instagram to make a full statement regarding the moment, and said that the stigma surrounding mental health and illness (especially towards PoC and LGBTQIA+ communities) needs to end. "I believe, as many fellow models do, that the stigma around mental health must end," they wrote. "As an artist and model who has experienced my own struggles with mental health, as well as family members and loved ones who have been affected by depression, anxiety, bipolar, and schizophrenia, it is hurtful and insensitive for a major fashion house such as Gucci to use this imagery as a concept for a fleeting fashion moment."  STATEMENT for my protest of the @gucci show ✊🏽 MENTAL HEALTH IS NOT FASHION A post shared by  YaYa Bones (@ayeshatanjones) on Sep 22, 2019 at 8:23am PDT After Sunday's show, Alessandro Michele made a statement pertaining to the fashion faux-pas and said that the straitjacket-inspired looks were really just a very extreme version of a uniform. “For me, the show was the journey from conformity to freedom and creativity,” Alessandro told The New York Times. “Uniforms, utilitarian clothes, such straitjackets, were included in the fashion show as the most extreme version of restriction imposed by society and those who control it. These clothes were a statement for the fashion show and part of a performance.”  Given the nature of the show, Alessandro added that Ayesha was free to protest the looks. Thankfully, these Gucci pieces will not be sold online, but we can only hope that the brand does better with sensitive issues like mental health in the future.  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 As Stranger Things returns for a second season, stars Noah Schnapp and Finn Wolfhard experience a close encounter of the fashion kind. Fall 2017 is a season of bizarre, gorgeously bonkers fashion. I dare you to toss convention out the window and join the new freakfest. There are many advantages to going strange. First and foremost, strange clothing is empowering. Nobody messes with a strange person. I regularly test this theory on the New York subway. Whenever I board the A train in a strange outfit—stripy socks with sandals, flowery man-blouses, straw sombreros, massive shades—I precipitate a flurry of elbow nudges and anxious side-eyes. Too terrified to make eye contact, my fellow travelers immediately revert to playing Ballz on their smartphones. Sometimes people even cover their children’s eyes. By dressing as if I am totally unhinged, I get total r-e-s-p-e-c-t. Another benefit: When you dress strangely, you keep the spotlight where it should be—on YOU. Everyone else on the planet is so busy trying to look that you, with your eccentric fashion choices, are able to be an utter raving, screaming standout, unless, of course, Daphne Guinness, RiRi, Tilda Swinton, or Lady Gaga is in the vicinity. “When you dress strangely, you keep the spotlight where it should be—on YOU.” But perhaps the greatest benefit of dressing strangely is that it affords you, the wearer, endless opportunities for creative expression and experimentation, thereby providing you with a hobby. You become your own work of art. While others recoil in horror at the notion of prints, you can spend hours mashing them up with crazy artistic abandon. While others are oppressed by pedestrian notions of season-appropriate dressing, you, liberated you, can concoct endless alternative approaches, such as wearing furs in summer, and bikinis on the tundra. (Don’t blame me if you catch pneumonia.) And dressing strangely doesn’t have to break the bank. Bust an arm off your spectacles and replace it with a pink toothbrush, and you’ll see exactly what I mean. Wearing your existing wardrobe in unexpected ways will also hit the spot: All Little Edie Bouvier Beale had to do was tie a blouse on her head and turn her skirt upside down—I’m referring to the strange heroine of the classic documentary—and she became a perennial fashion icon. All Céline Dion had to do was wear a jacket backward. #Dior. Revolving or inverting your garments is one low-cost way to get results; improbable layering is another. In our society, convention dictates that certain things are worn over certain other things. Cardigans are worn over blouses, as sure as day follows night. Deviating from these precepts is an affordable way of looking offbeat. Skeptical? Try wearing your black brassiere on top of your Burberry duffle coat, and get back to me. Finally, let’s discuss your crowning glory: a jaunty chapeau. The donning of a batty hat—a tiara, a basket of fruit, a steering wheel!—is a fail-safe way to signal your strangeness. In the early 20th century, a lady named Baroness Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven delighted the denizens of Greenwich Village by wearing the lid of a filthy coal bucket on her head. Come summer, the taboo-busting Elsa would insert her head into a birdcage, complete with live canary. Her signature flourish? She might be the only person in history to have glued postage stamps to her face. Dressing strangely is a great way to enter the history books. Back in the 1960s, a strange group of lads named the Doors had a big hit with a song titled “People Are Strange.” This haunting ditty became an anthem for all the counterculture freaks of my generation in our caftans and vintage finery (think Saint Laurent, circa late 2015). Unfortunately, it contains a blatant bit of fake news. I refer to the chorus, in which lead singer Jim Morrison sang the following lugubrious lyrics: “When you’re strange/No one remembers your name.” NOT TRUE! Shove a birdcage on your head—or wear a dead swan to the Oscars— and you will be remembered forever. This article originally appears in the September 2017 issue of Harper's BAZAAR.  Lead image: Maison Margiela jacket, skirt, dress (worn around skirt), bag (worn as headpiece), and brooch (worn on belt); Model: Ria Serebryakova; Hair: John Ruidant for Oribe; Makeup: Marygene for Glossier; Prop Styling: Michael Sturgeon.
 Louis Vuitton's artistic director speaks out after the president visited a new Louis Vuitton factory. Louis Vuitton's artistic director, Nicolas Ghesquière, pushed back against President Donald Trump's appearance at the opening of a new Louis Vuitton factory in Texas last week. During the visit, the president posed for a photo op alongside top executives from Louis Vuitton Moet-Hennessy, including Chief Executive Bernard Arnault and Louis Vuitton CEO Michael Burke.  Ghesquière took to Instagram to denounce the ties between Trump and LVMH. Posting the album cover of Evelyn Thomas's 1984 hit, "High Energy," Ghesquière captioned the photo, "Standing against any political action. I am a fashion designer refusing this association #trumpisajoke #homophobia"  Standing against any political action. I am a fashion designer refusing this association #trumpisajoke #homophobia A post shared by @ nicolasghesquiere on Oct 19, 2019 at 8:33pm PDT The event in question was the opening of a new Louis Vuitton factory in Texas. Trump was invited to attend, where he posed with LVMH Chief Executive Bernard Arnault and Louis Vuitton CEO Michael Burke for the ceremonial opening. Ivanka Trump also made an appearance and posed for the photo op.  Along with Louis Vuitton, LVMH owns 75 luxury, fashion, and beauty brands, including fashion houses like Christian Dior, Givenchy, Celine, and Loewe. The visit prompted immediate backlash online, spurring the hashtag #boycottlouisvuitton.  One user on Twitter wrote, "Yes, a man worth $70 billion has nothing to lose from Trump's policies. But people of color, immigrants, Muslims, women, and #LGBTQ communities are loosing too much. @lvmh #votewithyourwallet #boycottLOUISvuitton" Yes, a man worth $70 billion has nothing to loose from Trump's policies. But people of color, immigrants, Muslims, women, and #LGBTQ communities are loosing too much. @lvmh #votewithyourwallet #boycottLOUISvuitton https://t.co/772KAhBSXw So @LouisVuitton invited Trump? I’ll never buy another Louis Vuitton anything. Dead to me. #LouisVuitton #BoycottLouisVuitton https://t.co/zNrDnCgBcE #boycottlouisvuitton 💁‍♀️buy bootleg https://t.co/THpV9f3CXL At the factory opening, WWD reported that Arnault praised Trump's "commitment." "This shows two commitments: One, the commitment of LVMH to the American market, and two, the commitment of President Trump to the American worker,” Arnault reportedly said. “I have always been close to the U.S. since the beginning of the Eighties when I lived here. You remember that France, a beautiful country, was becoming a little bit socialist at the time, and so I tried to find a country where business was welcome. So I lived here in New York, and that’s where I learned to do business in the American way, the efficient way.”
 Keeping it fresh... There's something about a pair of white jeans that scream "chic," but finding the right, flattering fit can be one of the great fashion struggles you encounter. Don't fret, we did the work for you and found the 10 best options that'll instantly elevate your summer uniform. White jeans are as versatile as they come and look good with easy-breezy floral blouses, vintage slub tees, workwear blazers, and everything else.   A high-rise cropped jean with a slight flare and  edgy frayed hem. Grlfrnd jeans, $248, shopbazaar.com SHOP Wide leg culottes are a great summer staple—pair with a tucked in tee for effortless cool.  Eve Denim jeans, $310, shopbazaar.com SHOP Vintage-inspired jeans for the win.  M.I.H. jeans, $175, shopbazaar.com SHOP A tailored pant professional enough for the office and still cool for happy hour.  Hillier Bartley jeans, $457, shopbazaar.com SHOP A close but comfortable fit that's flattering on all shapes. J. Brand jeans, $175, shopbazaar.com SHOP The perfect throwback jean to bring out your inner Kate Moss vibes. RE/DONE white jeans, $240, shopbazaar.com SHOP An updated take on the mom jean—keep it simple with flats for minimal chic.  Isabel Marant white jeans, $203, shopbazaar.com SHOP A timeless 5 pocket construction in a smooth ivory shade makes this a wardrobe must-have.  Khaite white jeans, $340, shopbazaar.com SHOP  Style with a blouse and embellished mules for a ladylike finish.  Derek Lam 10 Crosby white jeans, $135, shopbazaar.com SHOP Perfect for any weekend party or summer BBQ. 3X1 jeans, $225, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Shop the look for less right now. Over the summer, bike shorts inspired by the late '80s and '90s (ahem, Princess Diana) made their way onto the street style scene (and just about every influencer's Instagram). But if you thought the trend would be short-lived, the Spring 2019 runways are predicting otherwise. After appearing on several major runways, bike shorts got the ultimate endorsement on the last day of Paris Fashion Week when Karl Lagerfeld (the man who once said "sweatpants are a sign of defeat") sent not just spandex shorts but full-on leggings down the Chanel runway. Now that they have the official Chanel seal of approval, it's time to shamelessly wear leggings as pants all season long. Consider the below your official guide to the best bike shorts and leggings to shop now.  Chanel styled classic bike shorts with structured jackets in all black to elevate the look and balance out the silhouette.  Whether you want to style them with an oversized blazer or perhaps actually work out in them (a concept), these high-waisted bike shorts are the ideal length and feature a flattering cut.  For a longer-length style, try Lane Bryant's bike shorts, which hit mid-knee. Upgrade the trend for fall with high-shine spandex that offers the look of leather.  Carbon38carbon38.com$68.00 SHOP NOW Add an oversized denim jacket and white t-shirt for an instantly cool look. Or just impress the hell out of everyone at Soul Cycle.  The leggings-as-pants debate has been raging since the the dawn of time. But Chanel made a case for the controversial stretch pants by styling them with oversized jackets and blazers f0r a more polished look. There's a reason these leggings have over 5,000 five-star reviews—the high-waisted cut is extremely flattering, they're comfortable, and you can dress them up or down. For an even more affordable option, Target's mid-rise leggings are available for $25 and offer the perfect rise for those who aren't fans of a high waist.  Wear your Spanx in their (much more comfortable) legging form with this seamless, smoothing pair that works with heels, sneakers, or boots.  For those who don't want to commit to bike shorts or a full-length style, a pair of capri-length leggings can look just as chic when styled right. The Chanel way? With an oversized pink tweed blazer and matching clutch, of course.  Wear them with an oversized jacket à la Chanel for brunch, then take them to yoga class later. The sculpting and smoothing fabric makes for a flattering look regardless of occasion.  Get you a pair that does both. These high-performance Nike leggings work for the gym or a chic athleisure look.  For a playful, summery spin, Chanel sent a colorful patterned pair of bike shorts down the runway with a matching top.  Channel Chanel's girly take with these floral-print bike shorts.  Try the look in fall's animal print trend with this gray snake-print pair. You can wear them with an oversized leather jacket and boots. 
 Their jeans will also save the environment 1,468 gallons of water per pair. Reformation has become the leader in sustainable fashion with style. Their flirty sundresses, jumpsuits and two-pieces have garnered an A-list fan base like Emily Ratajkowski, Rihanna, Karlie Kloss and many more.  In the last few years the brand has also expanded into petites, bridal and celebrity collaborations.  Now, the LA-based label is launching a full sister line called Reformation Jeans. As its title implied, the collection will consist of a 46-piece range of denim and sustainable basics like t-shirts and dresses. Denim happens to be one of the most environmentally harmful apparel items—a single pair alone typically uses 1,500 gallons of water.  Reformation's denim which will be made from deadstock and more sustainable fabrics will only require around 32 gallons, and eliminate the use of toxic dyes. Founder Yael Aflalo has also instated a charitable aspect, called The Wet Program—for every jean purchased, they will clean a 1,000 gallons of water. Their first project is to help clean San Gabriel River which provides most Los Angeles residents with their water.  You can pre-order pieces starting today on thereformation.com.
 Because the bra is not the only scene-stealer. The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show was just filmed today ahead of its December 2nd airing. But photos of all the looks have come out, along with all the crazy, elaborate, bedazzled wings that the models wore with the lingerie. Here, the most over-the-top to come down the VS runway. 
From: ELLE US

 She said, "Making this decision now is the only fair outcome for my team and partners.” Ivanka Trump's eponymous fashion brand is shutting down, Wall Street Journal reports.  The move arrives over a year after Trump distanced herself from the company and became an unpaid advisor to her father, President Donald Trump, WSJ adds. The brand's 18 employees were told about the shutdown today. Sales for the Ivanka Trump brand grew after the 2016 election, but the label also came under fire by anti-Trump critics for its ties to the president. Department stores including Nordstrom, along with Canadian retailer Hudson's Bay, stopped selling the brand due to performance. A spokesperson from the former said "it didn’t make good business sense."   A source told Page Six that Ivanka's brand "never recovered" after she stepped away from the company to take on an official role in the White House in November 2016. She put the business in a trust run by family members, WSJ previously reported. Though she didn't keep a managerial role, she was still informed of finances and received a share of profits. Trump said she didn't sell the brand in order to protect its name (and hers). When the brand announced the separation, it said its "mission is not political—it never was and it never will be." However, business and politics still mixed. The President criticized Nordstrom for treating his daughter "so unfairly" when it dropped her line, and senior advisor Kellyanne Conway encouraged the public to "go buy Ivanka's stuff" in an interview.  Ivanka also often wore looks from her own label during day-to-day appearances at the White House. Whether it was intentional promotion or not, she served as what WSJ called a "walking billboard" for her brand.  In the past 18 months, Neiman Marcus and T.J. Maxx either scaled back on selling pieces from Ivanka's brand or changed the way they're merchandised in store, WSJ reports. However, companies like Lord & Taylor and Saks Off 5th continue to sell the line.  The Ivanka Trump brand is a private business and doesn't publicly disclose finances, but its sales at retailers like Amazon, Macy's Bloomingdales, and Zappos fell by 43 percent in the past year. According to disclosure forms from June, the trust is worth over $50 million and made $5 million in 2017. Seventeen months after working in Washington, the first daughter is unsure if she'll ever return to the retail business, "but I do know that my focus for the foreseeable future will be the work I am doing here in Washington,” she told WSJ. “So making this decision now is the only fair outcome for my team and partners.” Trump's licensing agreements with the brand's parent company G-III will expire in the coming months, the newspaper adds. The umbrella company also owns labels like Calvin Klein, DKNY, Levi's, and Guess. BAZAAR.com has reached out to the Ivanka Trump brand for comment.
 We see you Prada, Chanel and Fendi... Go into fall on the right foot—with an emphasis on the best shoes and boots of the season. From ladylike flat sling-backs from Dior to every cool iteration on the cowboy boot and, of course, pumps to dance the night away in. A bootie that's as elegant as an abstract oil painting. Bottega Veneta Ankle Boots, $1120, bottegaveneta.com SHOP NOW Part Victorian lace-up, part futuristic bootie. We're here for this time traveler. Calvin Klein 205W39NYC Boots, $1,290, calvinklein.us SHOP NOW  Consider this an ultra-feminine brogue that can go from denim to a mini skirt without blinking an eye. Chanel Patent Calfskin Shoes, $925, chanel.com for info and Chanel Boutiques. SHOP NOW Get your French ingenue on in these charming flat sling-backs that make fall as whimsical as you want it to be. Dior Ballerina Flat, $790, dior.com SHOP NOW The cowboy boot of the season done up in muted plaid? Where do we sign up?  Fendi Boots, $1,490, nordstrom.com SHOP NOW The preppy loafers in a vibrant shade of red will liven up all of your knit and denim looks all fall long. Ferragamo Loafers, $725, ferragamo.com SHOP NOW Not for the wallflower, these kicks are made for drawing a crowd. Gucci Sneakers, $1,590, gucci.com SHOP NOW Just the right amount of graphic edge, with some tongue-in-cheek Western details. These will kick up all your fall looks.   Ganni boots, $585, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Think of these as Jane Birkin in the American Northwest. We love the rugged elegance of a good lug sole boot. Hermes Boots, $1,175, hermes.com for info. SHOP NOW These flat mod-inspired booties are work just as well with all black everything as they do with the perfect mini shift dress.  Miu Miu Boots $990, miumiu.com SHOP NOW The word you're looking for is luxe. The textural elements alone make these pumps ideal for both wearing and displaying. Louis Vuitton Pump, $1,860, louisvuitton.com SHOP NOW Dance the night away in decadent '80s style in a pump-bootie hybrid that's more fun than a rooftop soiree. Jimmy Choo Shoes, $1,195, jimmychoo.com SHOP NOW Ain't no mountain high enough to keep us from getting to these chic babies. Prada Boots, price available on request, prada.com SHOP NOW Animal prints are best worn on an understated silhouette like this innovative slide. They'll lend style to any black, white or denim look fall has to offer. Proenza Schouler Pointed Slide, $795, proenzaschouler.com SHOP NOW Why even bother with a sporty boot if it doesn't also have velvet laces and crystal embellishment? Roger Vivier Boots, $1,875, bergdorfgoodman.com SHOP NOW We picture these standout boots on all of those chic Italian editors. But we can all channel chic Italian editors if we so choose. Sergio Rossi Boots, $3,250, sergiorossi.com SHOP NOW You know all of those pretty, neutral hued Instagram accounts you follow? We found the perfect boots for them. Stuart Weitzman Boots, $698, stuartweitzman.com SHOP NOW Or rather, do slouch—but just where your little white booties are concerned. Tamara Mellon Boots, $595, tamaramellon.com SHOP NOW This boot style feels entirely modern—a little bit western but still very urban, they're sleek but sporty, heeled but comfortable. We'll stop trying to explain them and just wear them all season long instead.  Tibi Boots, $995, tibi.com SHOP NOW The quickest way to get a little—or a lot—of height. Saint Laurent Platform Bootie, $1,595, ysl.com SHOP NOW The soul of a hiking boot, but make it fashion. Marc Jacobs Boots, $425, net-a-porter.com  SHOP NOW Even color-reticent ladies can get behind this charming shade of blue. We love the idea of a cream cashmere and these comfy, chic slides. The Row Slide, price upon request, therow.com SHOP NOW These Victorian-inspired booties are like lingerie for your feet. Laurence Dacade Boots, $800, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW A black out sneaker keeps looks sporty while maintaining the unstudied cool you’ve so effortlessly cultivated over the years. Givenchy JAW sneakers, $995, givenchy.com SHOP NOW
 The front row included Chelsea Clinton, Keira Knightley, and Kate Moss. Saturday saw Burberry's final show take place with Christopher Bailey at the helm. The star-studded event saw the former CEO and Chief Designer of Burberry, who'd worked at the fashion house for the last sixteen years, walk the runway himself. The show was dedicated to LGBTQ youth, and had a rainbow theme throughout. From a rainbow light show, to Cara Delevingne's jaw-dropping rainbow cape that closed the show, every detail was flawless. And with a front row of celebrities including Keira Knightley, Sienna Miller, Zendaya, Chelsea Clinton, and Idris Elba, Bailey's final show was an impressive celebration of his impact on the fashion world. Here's everything you need to know about Christopher Bailey's final Burberry show. Rainbow lights line the runway, focusing on Burberry's aim of highlighting LGBTQ youth. From left to right: James Righton (Keira Knightley's husband), Sienna Miller, Keira Knightley, Simon Woods, Chelsea Clinton, and Marc Mezvinsky, all watching Christopher Bailey's final Burberry show. Sienna Miller poses on the front row with Christopher Bailey's husband, the actor Simon Woods. Downton Abbey's Michelle Dockery watching the show. Paloma Faith attending Christopher Bailey's final show for Burberry. Naomi Watts, Kate Moss, and Naomi Campbell on the front row. Tinie Tempah and Idris Elba wearing Burberry. Naomi Watts at the Burberry show. Idris Elba's fiancée Sabrina Dhowre, Nicholas Hoult, Naomi Watts, Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell, and Steve McQueen on the front row. Poppy Delevingne and Alexa Chung on the front row. Jamie Bell and Kate Mara attend the Burberry Show in London. Zendaya in Burberry. Model Iris Law (daughter of Jude Law and Sadie Frost) wears rainbow eyeshadow in honor of Christopher Bailey's final Burberry show. Paris Jackson, Cara Delevingne, Adwoa Aboah, and Maxim Magnus pose at the Burberry show. Actors Matt Smith and Lily James in Burberry. Smith stars in Burberry's latest campaign alongside Cara Delevingne.  Models donned rainbow looks for Burberry's rainbow-themed show, in support of LGBTQ youth. Models donned rainbow looks for Burberry's rainbow-themed show, in support of LGBTQ youth. Models donned rainbow looks for Burberry's rainbow-themed show, in support of LGBTQ youth. Models donned rainbow looks for Burberry's rainbow-themed show, in support of LGBTQ youth. Models donned rainbow looks for Burberry's rainbow-themed show, in support of LGBTQ youth. Models donned rainbow looks for Burberry's rainbow-themed show, in support of LGBTQ youth. Cara Delevingne closes the show in a rainbow fur cloak. Cara Delevingne closes the show in a rainbow fur cloak. Cara Delevingne closes the show in a rainbow fur cloak. Kate Moss hugs Bailey following his final show for Burberry. Bailey walks the runway after his final Burberry show.
 He’ll receive the award at a ceremony next year.  Ralph Lauren will be the first American fashion designer to ever be honored as Honorary Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (KBE) for his services to fashion and philanthropy. The prize will be presented to Lauren by a representative of Queen Elizabeth II at a ceremony next year. The award is fitting for Lauren, as his designs have been frequented by famous stylish royals, including Princess Diana, Kate Middleton, and Meghan Markle.  In addition to being a staple of American fashion for over 50 years, Lauren has also been a prominent philanthropist with a commitment to helping cancer patients access quality health care. The Ralph Lauren Corporation established the Nina Hyde Center for Breast Cancer Research at Georgetown Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, The Ralph Lauren Center for Cancer Care in Harlem, New York, and The Ralph Lauren Centre for Breast Cancer Research at the Royal Marsden Hospital in London. Lauren is joining the ranks of other accomplished Americans who've received the KBE, including President Dwight D. Eisenhower, President Ronald Reagan, President George H.W. Bush, Angelina Jolie, Steven Spielberg, Bill and Melinda Gates, and many more celebrities. “I   warmly   congratulate   Ralph   Lauren   on   this   award   that   recognizes   these   efforts   and achievements over the past 50 years,” said Antony Phillipson, British Consul General to New York and Her Majesty’s Trade Commissioner for North America, in a statement. This isn’t Lauren’s first honorable award, and it likely won't be the last. He’s also won CFDA's Womenswear and Menswear Designer of the Year and Member's Salute, the James Smithson Bicentennial Medal, the French Chevalier de la Legion d’Honneur by the President of France, and the key to New York City from Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Lauren recently celebrated his 50th anniversary with a star-studded show and party in Central Park. The festivities included a stunning runway collection and almost every A-list star — including a speech from Oprah. 
 A night of a thousand sequins... In Ralph Lauren custom Why we love it: It feels rare to get that "take your breath" away vibe on recent red carpets, but this simple black jumpsuit with elegant train detail is nothing short of a moment on the "Blackish" starlet. in Prada Why we love it: Unabashedly feminine in an unexpected shade of peach, this simple strapless creation is a no-fuss win. In Valentino Why we love it: It doesn't get more whimsical than pink and hearts, and we're all for celebrating femininity at its finest. In Miu Miu Why we love it: Robbie has had a veritable style extravaganza since I, Tonya first premiered and this feathered confection is another, well, chic feather in her fashion cap. In Calvin Klein by Appointment with Repossi jewelry Why we love it: Bringing some personality and youth to tonight's carpet, the Stranger Things actress manages to make white kicks and double buns look fresh and unfussy. In Dior Couture Why we love it: It's not often you see a print on the red carpet and this "written in the stars" motif is understated enough for major impact without overpowering the petite actress.  In Armani Why we love it: Chocolate sequins, rosette detail and long sleeves add up to a statuesque dream on the Aussie actress. In Oscar de la Renta Why we love it: Part '50s nostalgia, part modern glamour, Munn is 1000 watts in this black and silver number. In Louis Vuitton Why we love it: A little pink feels right on time in this futuristic frock with belt detail and just the right amount of paillettes. In Ralph and Russo Couture Why we love it: Embroidered, fringed and paired with '20s starlet hair, this is a gown that is as special as it is intricate.
 The line between making genuine political statements and cashing in on the resistance has become murky. We look at the designers getting it right. Immediately following the 2016 election, designers filled runways around the world with political statements. From Planned Parenthood pins at nearly every show and powerful slogan T-shirts at Prabal Gurung and Dior, to a march of pussy hats down the runway at Missoni, and even the casting of the Women's March co-founders at Mara Hoffman, designers didn’t shy away from creating protests of their own. One year later, the political resistance has only heightened and women's rights movements like #MeToo have gained global momentum. But the Fall 2018 runways, from New York to Paris, felt strangely apolitical and unreflective of the world around us.  At New York Fashion Week, there were no pink "Fashion Stands With Planned Parenthood" buttons or blue ACLU ribbons selected by the CFDA as an official cause, and out of 60 major fashion shows, only seven incorporated politics into their clothes, set design, or inspiration. Last year that number was closer to 25. Which begs the question: was last year's runway activism simply another trend?  "We decided to focus and deepen our civic commitment with an intensive study that will directly address the gender inequality we see across the industry,” explained Sophie Marx, CFDA’s Director of Marketing and Events, of the absence of political buttons and ribbons at this year’s NYFW. She added: “Moving forward, CFDA’s civic strategy will continue to give our members the opportunity to be a part of meaningful change." Meaningful change is indeed something that a few designers this year set out to accomplish, most of them touching upon feminism and the current political landscape lightly. Tom Ford sent "Pussy Power" bags and shoes down his runway, Prabal Gurung staged a powerful finale of women linking arms as #MeToo founder Tarana Burke sat front row, while Calvin Klein's show was a dark, apocalyptic-take on the current state of American politics. Taking things up a notch, Alice + Olivia's Stacey Bendet rewrote the Bill of Rights as "We The Women..." and used it as the backdrop for part of her presentation. The brand’s rewritten amendments called for the right of women to control their own reproductive lives, receive equal pay, be secure from sexual harassment, and run for political office without being scrutinized over their gender, along with other demands that felt especially timely amidst the #MeToo and Time’s Up movements. Meanwhile in Paris, Dior staged a full-on 1968 protest down its runway, complete with walls collaged in protest signs and vintage magazine cutouts. But aside from these few moments, most designers opted to keep politics off the runway altogether this season. Perhaps, when the line between cashing in on the resistance and a brand’s genuine political statements has become murky in today’s social media-driven world, that’s a not such a bad thing. Fashion, beauty, and lifestyle companies, which often espouse “empowerment” in new campaigns and email newsletters, quickly realized that feminism could be something for women to buy. But real change does not come in the form of Instagram-friendly T-shirts that donate nothing to a good cause. Similarly, a runway political protest that goes viral may be inspiring, but is the fashion house able to back it up? Does its company pay its female employers equally? Does it offer paid maternity and paternity leave? Does the brand champion diversity and inclusion in hiring, casting, and every day work? And does it genuinely empower those wearing its clothes? Because if not, the brand isn't making any political or feminist statements, it's simply trying to capitalize on a movement. And that is nothing to applaud. Dior's first female artistic director, Maria Grazia Chiuri, is determined to take advantage of her own position in order to have, as she puts it, "a hand in all the challenges we see as fundamental—from equality within the fashion world to equal rights more generally—and to work together and contribute to the dream of building a fairer world." "Fashion today should take on the responsibility of being activist” — Maria Grazia Chiuri, Dior That might mean staging feminist protests on the runway, as she did for Dior's Fall 2018 collection last month, but it also means backing up this concept internally. Dior recently launched Women @ Dior, an international female mentorship program that pairs 100 female employees with 100 female students from fashion, business, and engineering schools across the world. Through the initiative, the fashion house hopes to empower and mentor the industry’s future female leaders.  “I believe that fashion today should take on the responsibility of being activist,” Chiuri added empathically. “At Dior, we are aware—through everything this name has represented in the history of fashion—of the central role we can play today as a gauge of the contemporary." Alice + Olivia's Stacey Bendet, whose Fall 2018 presentation also incorporated an array of empowering female elements, echoed Chiuri's sentiment that designers should use their voice for social change. "We are living in a time of turmoil and it is important for women to stand up, speak up, and ensure that our rights our protected. Social media has given designers and brands an incredible voice and I believe in this moment it is imperative that we use our platform to stand up for what we believe in." "Social media has given designers an incredible voice...it is imperative that we use our platform to stand up for what we believe in" — Stacey Bendet, Alice + Olivia As demonstrated by Hollywood on the red carpet earlier this year, fashion’s power to make impactful statements transcends well beyond the runway. From actresses opting for an all-black dress code at the Golden Globes to attendees accessorizing with white roses at the Grammys in support of the Time’s Up movement, symbolic fashion has the potential to make just as much of an impact. Proving the power of such symbolism—that political runway statements don’t always need picket signs or overt feminist imagery—was Jonathan Simkhai. The New York designer, who has utilized T-shirts to advocate for Planned Parenthood in the past, made a subtler statement at his show this season, taking a less literal route by looking to feminist influences of the past, like Gibson Girls and Suffragettes, as major influences for his 2018 collection. “While this season’s messaging was more subtle, equality for women and the upcoming midterms were at the forefront of my mind," explained Simkhai of the inspiration behind his most recent collection. "Many elements of the collection, like the basque jackets and wool glenplaids, were inspired by women who played a major role in shifting the way women and femininity were perceived socially and politically. Remarkably, we are going through a similar change now and it’s exhilarating to watch the status quo shift in the right direction." "It’s exhilarating to watch the status quo shift in the right direction" — Jonathan Simkhai In his show notes, Simkhai included a quote from congresswoman Maxine Waters: “We should have hope because we earned it. We worked for it! It’s ours.” Though there was no outright feminist imagery, Simkhai made that point through both the collection and the inspiration behind it. And perhaps more importantly, the designer has taken action behind the scenes, most recently by teaming up with Janet Mock for an International Women’s Day event that prompted guests to call their Congressional representatives to support women’s issues. So where do designers go from here? Some might argue that fashion—and the runway in particular—has no place in politics. But as Amanda Hallay, head of Fashion History at LIM College and host of The Ultimate Fashion History on Youtube, notes, the industry's political and activist tendencies didn't just start in Donald Trump's America. Fashion has always been a reflector of turbulent political times—from the Zoot Suits of the '40s to London's punk wave in the '70s—however the runway "has historically been slower to respond to politics because, traditionally, runway fashion was the domain of [wealthy] women who often lived lives removed from political tumult."  Of course, in today's world, the runway is no longer reserved solely for the elite class, but instead seen by virtually everyone with access to internet. When you look at times of major political uproar in the past, especially the protests of the 1960s and 1970s, designers didn't really have the opportunity to use runway shows as platforms for social change in an Instagram-free world. Today, for the first time ever, fashion can present more than just next season’s trends on the runway—which is both an opportunity and an obstacle for many brands. A full-out protest isn't necessary on every runway, but it is becoming increasingly clear that remaining apolitical altogether is no longer an option in the fashion industry. As runways are more visible around the world than ever, why not use that as a way to speak out about—and more importantly, actually support—important issues? Especially when it comes to topics like women's equality, immigration, and LGBT rights—all of which directly impact the fashion industry.  Sure, a collection of pretty clothing will always be beautiful to look at, but in the current state of world affairs, brands now have an ability to align themselves with the women who are actually wearing their clothes. As Hallay noted, "I doubt Dior was aware that the New Look of 1947, which spoke to a return to femininity in the post-war era and an embrace of excess fabric after many years of rationing, was quite politic; he was naturally, and quite brilliantly, responding to the zeitgeist. Today, however, it is different. Designers can use a collection to deliberately make a political stance." 
 The 26-year-old Brit model just got her wings. There's another new Angel in town! Today, Victoria's Secret revealed that model Leomie Anderson has officially received her wings. This announcement comes two weeks after the brand announced Barbara Palvin and Alexina Graham had received the coveted openings left behind by Adriana Lima and Alessandra Ambrosio.  The 26-year-old-model is originally from London (south London to be exact), and of Jamaican heritage and has been modeling for nine years. She began her career on the runways, walking in her first designer show for Marc Jacobs.  She went on to book top shows like Moschino, Tommy Hilfiger, Tom Ford, Oscar de la Renta and Ralph Lauren. She's also been featured in major beauty campaigns for Fenty Beauty and Pat McGrath. In 2015 she was casted in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show on her third attempt at attending the casting calls. It's clear her confidence that she exudes on the runway made a real impact at Victoria's Secret headquarters.  On the model's Instagram announcing the big news she wrote, "Mate I am still in shock... this is something I was even scared to dream about because I never thought it would come true but I am insanely excited to announce that I am Victoria's Secret's newest ANGEL!! I can't even believe it..." But don't label Anderson as just another pretty face.  She's also become known in the industry for being an outspoken voice and she's even developed a platform called LAPP the Brand, to help other girls share their voice. The platform has also spun off into a collection of cool streetwear-inspired pieces from sports bras to track suits.   Happy international Women’s Day ❤️ together, we actually have the whole world on lock 🔐 use code WOMENSDAY on @lappthebrand for 30% off all weekend #internationalwomensday #iwd2019 #lappthebrand #lappbae A post shared by  Leomie Anderson (@leomieanderson) on Mar 8, 2019 at 12:06pm PST  This announcement also comes at a pivotal moment for the lingerie giant as the public is calling for the brand to embrace more diversity from race to body types. The brand currently only has two models of color on their Angel roster, Lais Riberio and Jasmine Tookes out of 16 girls. Below, you can watch the newest Angel's nighttime skincare routine.
 Prepare for this year's Shanghai extravaganza with a look back at the runway through the years. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. The 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is headed to Shanghai this year, with the big event slated to air on CBS on Tuesday, November 28. The lingerie giant is collaborating with Balmain for the event and Karlie Kloss is making her return after a two-year hiatus from the show. To prepare for this year's extravaganza, we're looking back at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show through the years, from its humble beginnings at the Plaza Hotel in 1995 to today's globe-trotting celebration. 
 There's something for Lannister, Targaryen, and Stark fans alike.  In honor of the final season of Game of Thrones that airs this Sunday, eco-conscious jewelry brand Alex and Ani has partnered with the series for a limited edition 18-piece collection that will allow you to flex your house pride in a stylish way. Whether you (not so secretly) want to be in House Targaryen, House Lannister, or House Stark, there is likely a design made just for you. Even better? Each piece ranges from $39.99 to $69.99, so you can easily treat yourself or your GoT-addicted friend to a piece of themed jewelry from their favorite show. Scroll through to see the first 12 pieces (rings are set to release later this month) from the collection and shop your favorite looks online. This aventurine necklace with rose gold finish was inspired by none other than Sansa Stark. The wolf head represents her house's sigil, while the circular symbol is reminiscent of her chain spike necklace. Daenerys Targaryen's silver-tone and carnelian necklace was inspired by her resilience. The necklace would not be complete without a dragon egg and head, which are not-so-subtle nods to her reputation as the "Mother of Dragons."  The complementary necklace to the Lannister bangle features both the house's lion sigil and a bird inspired by a print on Cersei's dress. This necklace also features a black onyx stone at the center "to promote steadfastness." This silver-tone blue lace agate necklace features a black and white charm, which is a nod to the House of Black and White where Arya trained with the Faceless Men. The wolf head is a nod to her family's sigil.   These eye-catching 14 karat gold plated earrings are sure to standout amongst the crowd at your next GoT watch party. If rose gold is more your style, then consider sporting these three-headed dragon earrings.  A gold-tone charm bracelet seems highly appropriate for the richest family in Westeros. Naturally, the Lannister's sigil—a golden lion on a field of crimson—dangles on the chic bangle. The House Stark version of the bangle shows a direworld sigil on a silver-tone bracelet.  Feel like Cersei Lannister in a gold-tone bracelet featuring a lion sigil, a bird inspired by embroidery on her dress, and her signature golden chalice. This Arya-inspired bracelet features three charms: a wolf head sigil, the House of Black and White motif, and a pendant that reads, "A GIRL HAS NO NAME." Sansa's rose gold bracelet also features three charms: a wolf head sigil, a dragonfly referencing a necklace she wore in earlier season, and a metal ring and bar, which she started wearing around her neck later in the series. Let the man in your life channel his inner Jon Snow with this black onyx beaded bracelet with silver-tone direwolves. 
 The luxury brand creates a Parisian paradise.  Paris added another site of French luxury to its map with the opening of a multi-floor Chanel boutique at the new Galeries Lafayette department store on March 28, 2019. Located on the famed Champs-Élysées, the vast space of Chanel at Galeries Lafayette references the maison’s Parisian roots, with an elegant main promenade that brings symbols of the city within its walls. The grand store will house Chanel’s Spring/Summer 2019 ready-to-wear collection, complete with elements evocative of the beach to reference the runway show that took place last October. The focal point of the retail respite is a sculptural, gold Eiffel Tower emerging from sand. Surrounded by mannequins dressed in black, white, and neutral looks from the Spring collection, the display merges urban Parisian life with the dolce vita tones of Chanel’s seaside paradise.   Adding to the atmosphere, the second floor of the store features six nostalgic pop-ups inspired by the beach theme, featuring displays comprised of sand and Plexiglas that mimics tropical waters. Within these tableaus, mannequins model the seasonal tweed suits, poplin cotton tops, and airy chiffon dresses from the Spring collection, complete with sunglasses, straw hats, and other sun-ready accessories. The installation spaces are also accompanied by two permanent sections dedicated to two of Chanel's celebrated accessories. One for Chanel shoes, housing the iconic two-tone ballerina flats, alongside the sling-backs and sandals from the Spring collection, and another for Chanel watches. The store also includes accessories from other luxury names such as Goossens for jewelry, Maison Michel for millinery, and Barrie for Scottish cashmere pieces. Chanel at Galeries Lafayette Champs-Élysées is open now, with the current pop-up displays on view until April 21. 
From: CR Fashion Book

 She's only been an official Angel for 2 years.  With less than three weeks to go until the Angels take Shanghai, Victoria’s Secret revealed their highly-coveted fantasy bra today. The “Champagne Nights Fantasy” bra featuring handset diamonds, yellow sapphires, blue topaz in 18 karat gold, designed by Mouawad, costs $2 million dollars and will be worn by Lais Ribeiro. The 6-foot-1 Brazilian-born stunner who has been working with Victoria’s Secret since 2010, officially became an Angel in 2015, and has appeared in every fashion show except 2012 when she sprained her ankle during rehearsals and was unable to walk the show. Ribeiro began modeling in 2009, just a year after giving birth to her son Alexandre. Her friends urged her to pursue modeling in her native Brazil and quickly became one of the most booked models during Sao Paulo fashion week. A year later Ribeiro was walking the runways from New York to Paris, working with designers like Jean Paul Gaultier, Marc Jacobs and Tom Ford who made her the face of one of his fragrances.   Saturday mood 😂💪🏻 @kirkmyersfitness @victoriasport  Fazendo a faxina em casa 😜 A post shared by  Lais Ribeiro (@laisribeiro) on Sep 23, 2017 at 9:36am PDT The model stays in tip-top shape by training with Dogpound fitness like many of her fellow angels including Jasmine Tookes and Josphine Skriver.  Ribeiro has also been dating basketball player Jared Homan since 2015.  Well deserved 😎 A post shared by  Lais Ribeiro (@laisribeiro) on Nov 28, 2016 at 1:11pm PST Fellow Angel Adriana Lima is the model Ribeiro most looks up to most.
 From innovative red lipsticks to the new bag you’ll carry everywhere. You know what they say: out with the old and in with the new, updated versions of the old. It’s okay to cling to your beauty and wardrobe classics; there’s a reason they stand the test of time. But even a never-fail red lip or little black dress can do with a modern refresh. We partnered with kate spade new york, a brand known for everlasting silhouettes with a twist, to highlight the beauty and wardrobe staples that are having a modern renaissance. If your favorite color is black, and your second favorite color is also black, it would take some major convincing to get yourself zipped into a feminine floral dress. That’s why we love this strapless Lilliane dress from kate spade new york. The delicate embroidered flowers pop against the black fabric without looking too colorful, and the flattering a-line skirt will make you instantly feel like a 1950s film star. kate spade new york dress, $698, katespade.com SHOP There’s a reason you can never find anything in your giant everyday tote: it’s too big. Downsize just a bit to a structured, rectangular bag in a glossy patent leather finish. It has room for the essentials: keys, phone, wallet, folders—you name it—but so much space that you start hoarding old receipts and napkins. After all, your handbag should look just as together on the inside as it does on the outside. kate spade new york bag, $498, katespade.com SHOP Spring perfume should be light and flowery—but so often, that results in ordinary and predictable. Three new fragrances are redefining what it means to be a feminine floral: kate spade new york In Full Bloom (a clean and green floral), Proenza Schouler Arizona (a mineral-y white floral), and Chanel Coco Mademoiselle Intense (a patchouli-heavy citrus). kate spade new york In Full Bloom Eau de Parfum, $98, katespade.com SHOP Proenza Schouler Arizona Eau de Parfum, $100, saks.com SHOP  Chanel Coco Mademoiselle Eau de Parfum Intense Spray, $110, chanel.com SHOP This structured jacket has a hint of ruffle— because the cargo trend can have a softer side, too. Throw it on over a tee shirt and your favorite jeans when you’re in a hurry, or roll-up the sleeves and wear it like a denim jacket to dress-down a flowy evening dress. kate spade new york top, $328, katespade.com SHOP A dainty bangle that looks great stacked on your wrist with a watch or just left alone. The best part? It's light enough that it doesn't jingle as you walk, type, or move. kate spade new york bracelet, $88, katespade.com SHOP Scrunchies are back—for real this time. The polarizing hair accessory has had a major resurgence this year thanks to influential celebrity hairstylists like Jen Atkin. The trick to wearing one in 2018? Choose a scrunchie in a luxe fabric, like leather, silk, or fur, in a color that complements your outfit.  Jen Atkin x Chloe + Isabel Fuzzy Scrunchie, $30 each, chloeandisabel.com  SHOP This slingback patent leather flat is somehow simultaneously cute, chic, comfortable, and versatile. You'll find yourself reaching for them every morning between now and September. kate spade new york shoes, $278, katespade.com SHOP Red lipstick got an upgrade this year with the launch of innovative new formulas. If moisture is your goal, try a tinted lip oil in Louboutin’s unmistakable red shade. If you’re looking for a lipstick that will last through doomsday without budging, Fenty Beauty’s Stunna Lip Paint, an inky liquid-matte formula, should be your new go-to. And if you’re feeling a little bored by a basic twist-up tube, Chanel makes red lipstick in a compact. On one side is a clear balm, the other a matte lip pigment. Mix or layer them together to create your ideal texture and pigment. Christian Louboutin Loubibelle, Lip Beauty Oil, $70, sephora.com  SHOP Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Stunna Lip Paint Longwear Fluid Lip Color in Uncensored, $24, sephora.com SHOP Chanel Poudre à Lèvres Lip Balm and Powder Duo in Rosso Pompeiano, $37, chanel.com  SHOP In a sea of mini, Matrix-inspired sunglasses—try a cat-eye. Better yet, try a warm, tortoiseshell print cat-eye, a shape and color that flatters all skin tones and face shapes.  kate spade new york sunglasses, $160, katespade.com SHOP More is more when wearing gingham this season. Instead of going for a hint of the black-and-white print with a bag, shoe, or cropped capri pant, choose a voluminous dress with statement sleeves. Pair it with a metallic strappy shoe to add back a bit of edge. kate spade new york top, $148, katespade.com SHOP kate spade new york skirt, $198, katespade.com SHOP
 FEED cofounder Lauren Bush Lauren models the stylish collection. Ralph Lauren has been synonymous with American fashion since the debut of his namesake ready-to-wear line in 1967. More than 52 years later, the designer's brand is still reigning strong. Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, Blake Lively, and Jessica Chastain are a few notable fans of his classic menswear-inspired pieces. While the designer's legacy is undeniable, he is still finding ways to give back through his love of fashion.  Today, Polo Ralph Lauren, the heritage brand's diffusion line of preppy staples, is teaming up with FEED Projects on a debut capsule collection. The focal point of the four-piece collaboration is two bags and a matching pouch rendered in crème linen and burlap, along with cognac brown leather trim.  Every item in the inaugural collection—including a backpack, pouch, and logo-emblazoned baseball cap—highlights the number of meals proceeds from its sale contributes. For example, the tote bag provides 165 school meals to children in America. FEED Projects is a socially conscious business that was cofounded by model-turned designer and entrepreneur Lauren Bush Lauren, who happens to be Ralph Lauren's daughter-in-law. With prices ranging from $65 to $165, the partnership benefits No Kid Hungry, an organization that hopes to eradicate child hunger in the United States by providing nutritional meals to the youth. In support of the campaign, Lauren Bush Lauren was snapped on the streets wearing a cream button-up blouse with her Polo x FEED backpack flung over her shoulder. The entire four-piece offering of Polo x FEED is available in select Ralph Lauren stores and online at RalphLauren.com starting on July 25. 
 "I’m very much down to earth, just not this earth.” Karl Lagerfeld was one of a kind in every facet of life. Inimitable, witty, and often outrageous, the designer's legacy spanned well beyond the exquisite collections he created for the world's top fashion houses. With quips like, "sweatpants are a sign of defeat," and "trendy is the last stage before tacky," Lagerfeld became just as known for his outspoken opinions as his designs over the years.  As the fashion world mourns the loss of an icon, we're taking a look back at his most memorable quotes of all time. The genius, the cheeky, and the oh, so Karl. 
 The model is headed back to the runway. Karlie Kloss is breaking her modeling hiatus to return to the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show this year. She announced the news on Instagram yesterday with a sweet backstage shot from the 2014 VS fashion show.  "See you in Shanghai @VictoriasSecret 😇💗," she wrote in the caption. The 25-year-old made her VS debut in 2011 and officially became an Angel in 2013. In 2015, she put her runway career on hold to attend New York University. Since then, Kloss has dipped her toes outside of the fashion world—she started a girls' coding camp, Kode with Klossy, and even landed a cameo in Bill Nye's new science show on Netflix. This fall, however, she'll be returning to her modeling roots.  Kloss is one of the latest models to be confirmed for the 2017 VS fashion show, following Gigi and Bella Hadid. Although her fellow It Girl Kendall Jenner won't be present, Karlie will reunite with plenty of Angels on this year's catwalk in Shanghai.
 Wonder Woman joins Reebok's impressive list of brand ambassadors.  Joining Reebok's roster of badass female brand ambassadors is none other than real life Wonder Woman, Gal Gadot.  Reebok x Gal Gadot trainers, $100, SHOP On Thursday, the brand announced its new partnership with the actress while revealing the first photos from her "Be More Human" campaign. In the series of images, Gadot wears Reebok's women's training collection while showing off her strength and fitness chops. Included in her collection is a black mesh sports bra, printed leggings, performance tanks, and more basic workout essentials.  SHOP GAL GADOT'S REEBOK COLLECTION “Working out has always been a big part of my life, especially with having a mother who was a PE teacher, I was exposed to an active lifestyle from an early age,” Gadot said in a statement from the brand. “Through fitness, I have found that I gain strength, endurance and confidence, and I couldn’t imagine a better partner than Reebok to join me on this journey.”  "Her relentless spirit and natural leadership have already captivated and inspired millions and we believe that this is just the starting point. Through fitness we know that we have the power to change lives and we are elated to have such a powerhouse in our corner to tell this story with," Todd Krinsky, GM of Performance Business Unit at Reebok, said in a statement from the brand.  Gadot joins Reebok's already impressive lineup of badass female ambassadors including Gigi Hadid, Ariana Grande, and Victoria Beckham. As the brand continues to explore ways to empower women, what better way to do so than with Wonder Woman herself? 
 The functional looks that don't sacrifice style. There's nothing quite as exquisite as waking up on Thanksgiving morning to the smell of sweet potatoes, roasts, and fresh biscuits baking in the kitchen. Depending on the tradition, the family, and event, Thanksgiving dinners can range from mid-afternoon to late evening and dressy to super casual.  Whenever your friends or family decide to surround the table, there's always a chic outfit to pair with it. Ahead, get inspired by these Thanksgiving-friendly looks.  Not every Thanksgiving dinner ensemble requires tights, sequins and heels; this classic look is easy to recreate but the results are incredible when put together.  Use this butter-colored sweater from Topshop as a layering piece.  Refined and laid back at the same time, Khaite's trousers will stretch just enough for your turkey-stuffed belly, without sacrificing the coolness of your look.  A ladylike silhouette and croc-embossed knee-high boots meet in the middle of trendy and traditional, ideal for a chic Thanksgiving among your closest friends.   Low Classic has already been spotted on the top-tier of the sartorial set, and for good reason. This faux leather mini is ideal for both early lunches and late dinners.  This sleek and sultry boot is complete with a croc texture, pointed toe, and knee-high silhouette.  If you have the kind of family that enjoys Thanksgiving and Christmas spent in all-day loungewear, then you're in luck. This season, the more comfortable the better. Team your favorite cardigan with sweatpants and sneakers while you indulge.   It doesn't get more comfortable than Madewell's Shelley cardigan. It's designed with a laid-back, boxy silhouette that pairs well with joggers and sweats.  Languid in design, but luxe in material, Everlane's cashmere sweatpants are exactly what you'd WISH you had on after a full-course Thanksgiving meal.  You can't go wrong with a classic sweater and high-rise denim pairing—especially when the sweater is elevated with statement sleeves and a chunky turtleneck.  Meet your new favorite turtleneck. Victoria Beckham is the queen of them, so it's no wonder this one is expertly crafted. What's more festive than a good wool sweater?  Cinch your waist, even while stuffing your mouth with, well, stuffing. These high-rise jeans have a slight flare and a rigid fit for all your fall and winter styling tricks.  Oversized proportions and multi-functional pieces have ruled the runways as of late, as evident with the exaggerated blazer trend. For your Thanksgiving dinner hosting, opt for a vivid version and discard the pants at the door; they won't be needed.  MSGM's double-breasted blazer doubles as a statement dress. Team it with strappy sandals or chunky ankle boots for an elegant dinner ensemble.  Size up twice in this double-breasted dress from Fleur du Mal for an off-duty tone. Your guests will be elated upon entrance.  Tonal pattern mixing is an easy way to ensure outfit elevation, especially when playing with trendy prints. Combine the favorites of the season–snakeskin and '70s inspired florals–for your holiday dinner.  For a luxe update to your basic sweater rotation, opt for Etro's exotic rendition.  The most-coveted trends of the season revolve around animal motifs, so rest assured that these Nili Lotan trousers will last well beyond the holidays. For all your luxurious soirees and sophisticated dining hall dates, look to a feathered number to carry you through this year's Thanksgiving.  With a sassy hem of black feathers, this mini dress from Likely will not only carry you to a sleek Thanksgiving gathering, but through the entire holiday season, too.  Supported by a chunky heel, the Marya sandal has all the sparkling adornments you'll need for a fancy dinner among your favorite people.   🛋💡 A post shared by  Lucia Cuesta (@luciacuesta_) on Oct 22, 2019 at 4:34am PDT Although this outfit is laid-back in theory, the gleaming silver  pants bring it to new heights. Keep it casual with a simple striped T-shirt.  Stop the show and turn heads at the dinner table when you waltz in with these statement-making trousers from pushButton.  For the bold and the confident, these SemSem pants are crafted with an allover sequined tulle composition and a wide-leg silhouette that'll go well with strappy black sandals. 
 From naked sandals to the return of thong heels, these are the shoe trends we're buying into.  The countdown to summer is officially on and we're fully ready to kick up our heels in the chicest sandals of the season. From barely-there naked sandals to the return of wedges and sporty slides, there are plenty of spring and summer shoe trends to choose from this year. Whether you're looking for the perfect pair of block heels or game to try the clear PVC trend, scroll down to shop the sandals that will instantly upgrade your look this season.  With strappy sandals and kitten heels, Staud's new shoe launch is on the wishlist of every fashion girl this season—and this red, early 2000s-inspired style is no exception.    Trade in your go-to pair of slides for this pair that combines two of the season's top styles: toe ring details and snake print.  Strappy, barely-there sandals are slated to be the hottest shoe trend of Summer 2019 and this almost sold-out pair is at the top of our list. Along with white, the sandals are also available in orange and red.  Wedge sandals are finally staging a comeback and this denim pair is an extra nostalgic way to embrace the look.  Cork makes for the perfect summer neutral—especially when done in the sandal style of the season. Take it back to the '90s with these Posh Spice-inspired lace-up heel sandals that work for day or night.  From the seashell detailing to the toe-ring and wedge heel, these sandals are a fun mash-up of some of summer's top shoe trends.  Add an extra pop of color to your look with these orange strappy sandals that would have definitely earned the Sex and the City girls' stamp of approval.  What better way to embrace the wedge trend than with a classic pair of espadrilles that'll go with your sundresses and jeans this season.  Like it or not, heeled thong sandals are back. Try the look with this minimal pair that feels a bit more elevated than your old rubber flip flops.  Between the electric shade of blue and the artful geometric heel, these Jacquemus sandals are instant statement-makers.  From barely-there straps to neutral color palettes, naked sandals are taking over in every form this summer. This patent style makes for the perfect pair to take you from work to the weekend.  Consider these playful clear mules your modern-day Cinderella moment.  The sporty, velcro sandals of the '90s are back in full force this season.  An everyday sandal that'll brighten up any and every outfit this summer. 
 Outfit ideas to bundle up in. Despite how deep your love goes for chunky sweaters, oversized scarves, and cozy coats, we all hit a certain point when putting together a cold-weather outfit stops feeling fun and starts becoming a chore. It usually hits around January once the holidays are over, but depending on how finicky the weather gets, it can happen much sooner. But this wintery burnout doesn't have to be permanent. In fact, it's rather simple to remedy—all you need to do to spark the fire of wardrobe inspiration is thumb through street style pics. There's so much to glean from street style, whether it's inventive ways to wear existing staples, new accessory shapes that could enliven your look, or even a fresh trend you hadn't given much thought to previously. Ahead, digest and shop six of our favorite outfits to get you started.  Add sophistication to your cold-weather look by way of tailored plaid trousers. Complement the slacks with neutral-hued layers and a pair of sleek loafers. Shop the Look: Calvin Klein trench, turtleneck, sweater, and pants. Nomasei loafers. A puffer jacket is the true low-temp wardrobe MVP: it's versatile, ultra-warm, and never goes out of style. This time around, try one in a metallic shade and pare down with slim denim and sneakers to give the look casual ease. Shop the Look: Calvin Klein puffer, top, and jeans. Madewell socks. Nike sneakers. 'Tis the season for strategic layering, right? Assemble your tried-and-true staples like an oversized sweater, button-down, and trousers and polish off with a printed neckerchief. If the weather is especially temperamental, toss a big coat on top. Shop the Look: Calvin Klein sweater, shirt, and pants. Dolce & Gabbana scarf. Mounser necklace. Simon Miller bag. While winter is certainly no excuse to forego your beloved colorful pieces, you can still embrace neutral hues if the styling feels unique. Try a black knit worn with white trousers tucked into boots—the combination feels fresh and seasonally-appropriate. To finish, consider elevated pieces like a sleek belt and croc-effect bag. Shop the Look: Calvin Klein cardigan and pants. Frame belt. Usisi bag. Tamara Mellon boots. It's inevitable that when the weather dips below 30 degrees, your wardrobe inspiration can fall a bit flat. When that time comes, consider accessorizing a moody floral midi dress with a scarf, knee-high boots, and a sleek bag. For warmth, add in a trench coat and any other layers you need, like a cardigan or blazer.Shop the Look: Calvin Klein sunglasses, scarf, bag, and dress. Everlane jacket. Dear Frances boots. Gloomy weather is a suitable excuse to slip into something that brightens your mood, like a faux fur animal-print coat. If you're heading into the office or going out for a dinner, layer on a sweater, pencil skirt, and ankle boots. If the weather app says freezing, throw on a pair of tights. Shop the Look: Calvin Klein earrings, sweater, and coat. Rejina Pyo skirt. Wandler bag. Staud boots.
 Tyler Joe captures the style set at their best.  Roberta Benteler Evangelie Smyrniotaki in Delpozo coat and The Row bag Caroline Daur Tiffany Hsu Chrissy Rutherford in Lein Studio dress Sylvia Haghjoo and Julia Haghjoo  Blanca Miro Roberta Benteler Evangelie Smyrniotaki and Anna Vitiello
 The singer stars in the brand's new ads with her "musical family." Calvin Klein knows how to pluck the right talent out of the music scene to star in its ads. Recent campaigns have featured The xx, Young Thug, and even the ever-elusive Frank Ocean. (And let's not forget Justin Bieber's famous stint with the brand.)  Solange is the newest addition to that roster. The 31-year-old Houston native stars in the American label's latest campaign, creative directed by Raf Simons and shot by Willy Vanderperre. In the shoot, the younger Knowles sister models Calvin Klein's denim and iconic logo underwear.  But Solange doesn't star alone; the Grammy winner brought along her "musical family" to appear in the ads with her. Singers and songwriters Dev Hynes (better known as Blood Orange), Kelela, Caroline Polachek, and Adam Bainbridge of Kindness pose alongside Knowles in a bare barn, decked in blue jeans and white intimates.  "Big love to @calvinklein , raf simons, and the whole calvin team for this moment of celebrating my musical family, and for capturing us so authentically us. #MYCALVINS," she wrote in an Instagram post celebrating the campaign. With this campaign, Calvin Klein also updates its signature #MyCalvins branding, by adding a new facet to the slogan: "Our family." The ads, which are slated to run from the holidays until spring 2018, will feature different groups of people, or "families," who are connected "stylistically, musically, and culturally," the brand said in a statement.   Solange's close circle is just the first of many to be highlighted, featuring the slogan "Our Music" on each image. We can only imagine what a Calvin campaign starring her biological family—including Beyoncé, their mother Tina Lawson, and all—would look like.  
 For working out or lounging around in.  Whether your New Years resolution was to workout more or relax on your couch more, a good pair of leggings makes all the difference. At a time when there's more and more chic activewear brands worth discovering every day, finding the perfect pair of leggings can be a daunting task. To save you some effort (and coins), we rounded up our favorites that are good for working out, traveling, lounging or those days when you simply just don't want to wear pants. These are the BAZAAR.com editor tested and approved winners.  "I own like four pairs of plain black because I can’t quit them. They’re the perfect thickness and suck you in. And the high waist is super flattering. Bonus they’re pretty long and fit tall girls like myself. Also affordable!"—Kathryn Rice, Video Producer "These are my favorite leggings, because the fit is perfect (I only do high-waisted pants) and the material is so soft, but they always maintain their shape."—Chrissy Rutherford, Senior Digital Fashion Editor "While I love dressing up and am rarely out of heels, my job requires tons of red-eye and long-haul trips–and when I’m waking up early to head to the airport or planning to spend the night in-flight, I turn to my athleisure and workout wear. I love these high-waisted leggings because they don’t stretch out over time, are thick (and almost compressive), and they make for a cute look when styled right."—Carrie Goldberg, Weddings & Travel Editor "Like all other pants in my life, I love a high waisted workout legging and Live the Process makes the coolest ones."—Kerry Pieri, Digital Fashion/Features Director "I own two pairs of Sweaty Betty leggings and love, love, love to wear them. I am (sort of) a runner, so I really appreciate leggings that have a good pocket for my phone. Having easy access to my music can be the difference between a good and bad workout for me, so I cherish the side-pocket leggings when running outdoors." —Perri Tomkiewicz, Senior Designer  "I absolutely swear by my Adidas leggings. I’ll wear them when I’m lounging at home, when I’m traveling, when I’m going on casual coffee runs; I will probably wear them to the grave. Oh, and if you want to wear them to work out I guess they’re good for that too." —Erica Gonzales, Assistant Digital Editor "I live in Aritzia’s high-waisted Atmosphere leggings on the weekends. They don’t get stretched out and ride down during a workout, and look just as cute paired with an oversized sweater or t-shirt for errands after."—Julie Kosin, Director of Audience Strategy and Entertainment   "Girlfriend Collective has the best matching sports bra and legging sets—the high-waisted cut is flattering and compressive without feeling like it's cutting off your circulation. And even better, the inclusively-sized brand makes all of its activewear from recycled plastic bottles so you can feel good about your purchase." —Lauren Fisher, Market Editor  “Did you know your favorite tights brand has a serious handle on chic leggings? I love Wolford’s faux suede ones for a comfortable, but clearly-not-your-gym-pants look.”—Joyann King, Executive Director. "These are literally the best leggings in the world. Perfect for working out; perfect for a lazy day around the house. They hold you in in all the right places and not only look incredible, they feel incredible."—Lauren McCall, Associate Creative Producer  "These Topshop leggings are ideal for when you want to dress comfortably, but not look like you're headed to the gym. The material is a perfect combination of thick and stretchy, and I love the sheer panel detail of the high-waisted band. Dress them down with a t-shirt on the weekend, or rock them at work with heels and a blazer." —Lauren Sheffield, Social Media Editor
 "IG Shopping" could make it easier to scroll and shop. If you're a late night Instagram scroller and have made purchases based on photos you saw in your feed, we have great news for you. According to sources at The Verge, Instagram will soon be debuting "IG Shopping," a standalone app dedicated solely to browsing and shopping all in one place.  Although Instagram declined to comment on the reports, sources say that the social media company believes it can greatly expand into e-commerce. It's currently unknown when the app, which is reportedly still in development, could launch, according to The Verge. It's also possible it could be cancelled before it releases.   Since launching in 2010, Instagram has over 1 billion users, and according to Instagram, over 15 million of those users are registered as businesses. Those accounts will likely benefit most from these shopping upgrades. In 2016, Instagram debuted their first shoppable "tags," which "bring important product information to the consumer earlier in the journey, all without having to leave the Instagram app to search," said Instagram Business. Instagram recently debuted another new feature, IGTV, June, in an effort to overtake the video content usually uploaded on YouTube. IGTV does have its own standalone app, but its videos are also available to view in-app on Instagram. "It’s built for how you actually use your phone, so videos are full screen and vertical. Also, unlike on Instagram, videos aren’t limited to one minute. Instead, each video can be up to an hour long," said co-founder and CEO Kevin Systrom upon the release of IGTV. "Instagram has always been a place to connect with the people who inspire, educate and entertain you every day," he added. "With your help, IGTV begins a new chapter of video on Instagram. We hope it brings you closer to the people and things you love." 
 The brand will ban all use of fur, effective in 2018. Michael Kors is the latest to join a growing list of luxury brands opting to go fur-free. The American fashion house announced today that it will no longer use animal fur in any of its products.  According to Business of Fashion, Kors's no fur policy will become effective in 2018, with production being fully phased out by December 2018. The policy will be companywide, meaning it will also include Jimmy Choo—which Kors acquired in July for $1.2 billion.   "Due to technological advances in fabrications, we now have the ability to create a luxe aesthetic using non-animal fur. We will showcase these new techniques in our upcoming runway show in February," Michael Kors said in a statement. More and more luxury brands are now opting to go fur-free, due to pressure from animal activists as well as textile innovations allowing for the creation of luxe faux fur fabrics. In October, Gucci also announced its joining of the Fur Free Alliance—a huge move for the luxury Italian brand. Both the Italian brand and Michael Kors join an expanding list of designers that have banned the use of animal fur including Stella McCartney (who has been creating sustainable faux fur and leather designs for years), Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein, Armani, Tommy Hilfiger and online retailer Net-A-Porter.  While major fashion houses like Michael Kors committing to go fur-free fashion is a huge leap for the industry, there's still a large number of brands fully embracing real fur. As BoF reports, Fur Information Council of America spokesperson Keith Kaplan revealed "nearly 70 percent of major designers included fur in their Autumn/Winter 2017 collections." Meaning there's still plenty of room for more designers to get onboard the faux fur train. 
 The result was a spring collection that championed the power of both femininity and feminism.  For Spring 2018, Alice + Olivia's Stacey Bendet created not only a collection, but an entire space made for women, by women. Inspired by New York's iconic Chelsea Hotel, where she conducted one of her first-ever photo-shoots, Bendet tapped seven female artists and one vocalist to design rooms in a reimagined modern-day version of the hotel. "I really wanted to collaborate with all different female artists and make this a moment where I could showcase their work too," Bendet told BAZAAR.com at the presentation today. "I had each of them design a different room that I then tied the clothing in the collection back to. It was pure passion—these are all artists that I love and I’ve known from different walks of life." Artists Francesca DiMattio, Tallulah Willis, Lola Schnabel, Angelica Hicks, Lucy Sparrow, Blair Z, Jemima Kirke, and Susie Lopez, as well as singer Scout Willis all created their own rooms. For some of her pieces, Bendet reimagined Francesca DiMattio's paintings as mixed prints, designed a set of bright, '80s-infused looks based on a neon sign hanging in Tallulah Willis's room, and created kitschy Twinkies and Hostess cupcakes clutches inspired by Lucy Sparrow's "fauxdega" kitchen.   Bendet's own feminist artwork was featured in black and white hallways, where models in symbolic all-white looks were stationed. "For this season, one of my trends was this high-low of girls feeling really romantic, feminine, and free-spirited but also tough," the designer revealed.   Though each woman had a different take on her Chelsea Hotel room, together they all embodied a similar spirit of proud femininity. "They had to be female artists with a real feminine spirt to their artwork. It all came together because I picked people I loved and knew," Bendet said. The end result? A presentation and spring collection that made a feminist statement on a level that delved much deeper than statement t-shirts.  See all of the artists' rooms featured in Alice + Olivia's Spring 2018 presentation below: 
 After 17 years with the iconic British brand. Christopher Bailey, Burberry's creative director, will exit at the end of 2018 after 17 years with the brand. He'll remain president and chief creative officer until he steps down from the board on March 31, 2018, and will guide CEO Marco Gobbetti through the transition until he fully parts ways with the label on December 31, 2018. “It has been the great privilege of my working life to be at Burberry, working alongside and learning from such an extraordinary group of people over the last 17 years," Bailey said in a statement. "It has been a truly inspiring place to work and the decision to leave was not an easy one." The designer, 46, joined Burberry in 2001 under former CEO Rose Marie Bravo and has been a part of the brand's "incredible transformation" and "success in that period," Gobbetti said in a statement. After Bravo stepped down, Bailey worked closely with her successor, Angela Ahrendts, when she started in 2006 an helped establish the British label as a reputable luxury brand, Business of Fashion reports. He took over as chief creative officer and chief executive officer in 2014, when Ahrendts left for Apple. Gobbetti, who joined Burberry as CEO this year, respects Bailey's decision to leave and is now working to find his successor. "While I am sad not to have the opportunity to partner with him for longer, the legacy he leaves and the exceptional talent we have at Burberry give me enormous confidence in our future," he added.  Bailey continues in his statement: "I do truly believe, however, that Burberry’s best days are still ahead of her and that the company will go from strength to strength with the strategy we have developed and the exceptional talent we have in place led by Marco. I would like to thank all my colleagues as well as Sir John Peace and the Board for all their support and faith in me over the years. I am excited to pursue new creative projects but remain fully committed to the future success of this magnificent brand and to ensuring a smooth transition."
 Are these the shoes of summer '18? While Christopher Kane was the first luxury designer to collaborate with Crocs in 2016—Balenciaga is taking the ubiquitous gardening shoe to new heights for spring/summer 2018.  Yesterday in Paris, Demna Gvasalia debuted his latest collection for the house of Balenciaga. The show had a little something for everyone: plaid, stripes, leopard, denim, utilitarian jackets, spiked pumps, over-the-boots with screen-printed sunsets, and, yes, platform Croc sandals.  What makes the Balenciaga version such a standout though is not only the 4-inch foam platform, but that the shoe will also be branded with Demna's newly redesigned Balenciaga logo.  The time is now to get on the waist list. 
 The actress joins the #AerieREAL Role Model campaign. Busy Philipps has always kept it real. From her late-night show to her social media feeds and revealing memoir, the actress isn’t afraid to tell it—and show it—like it is. So she makes a natural choice for Aerie's latest, un-retouched “Real Role Model” campaign, which showcases a group of unapologetically authentic women. The actress and late night host joins previous #AerieREAL campaign stars Iskra Lawrence, Aly Raisman and Cleo Wade, along with actresses Jameela Jamil and Samira Wiley, gold medal Paralympian snowboarder Brenna Huckaby, and motivational speaker Molly Burke in the Spring 2019 ads. "The more women that they [kept] naming, I was like, 'This is the greatest! Of course I want to be involved with this group of girls,'" Philipps told BAZAAR.com over the phone.     Since going Photoshop-free in 2014, Aerie has committed to celebrating body positivity and diversity in all its ads and imagery. And like the rest of the new campaign's stars, Philipps is no stranger to speaking out on body image, unrealistic beauty standards, and Hollywood's complicity.  To celebrate the new campaign, the Busy Tonight host spoke with BAZAAR.com to discuss the effects of Facetune and how she's raising her daughters to be body positive.  I was so excited when Aerie asked me to be a part of it. I knew what the campaign was already, and I knew Aly [Raisman] was rejoining it. I'm so inspired by her. But then I heard Samira Wiley, who I'm obsessed with and had just met not that long ago, and Jameela [Jamil], who I also know and love what she does, were joining too. And the more women that they [kept] naming, I was like, this is the greatest! Of course I want to be involved with this group of girls.  It was really incredible. Cleo Wade and I had never met in person, but we have a lot of mutual friends and I've always been a huge fan of her as an author. I have her book Heart Talk, and find her to be incredibly inspiring in the work and activism she does. It was awesome to meet her on set, and I actually had a weird work situation that day, and she gave me advice and talked me through it. It was a really valuable day on set, which sometimes you don't get those. It felt very empowering, and like we were all there to support one another.  I just call it out for what it is, it's bullsh*t. The more campaigns we have like Aerie’s Real Role Model campaigns, where they’re showing various shapes, sizes, and types of women that aren’t airbrushed or Photoshopped, the more those images can become mainstream and change people's brains. These are what real women look like. We have this default setting [of beauty] that's based off years and years of visual programming of seeing the exact same perfected bodies and faces. We all know that’s not what humans look like in real life.  For my social media presence, I did make a choice to not use apps that would change my body or face or take away a zit or whatever. When I first joined Instagram and I had some friends that really used all of those apps, I was like, "Why? What's the point?" I want people to get used to seeing what I actually look like. I don't want them to think that I look like this perfect alien. I'm not. I'm a regular person.  "If we can move away from using women's appearances and bodies as descriptors for their person, that can be helpful for the young women in my daughters' generation."  I really try to lead by example. That is something that as mothers, and just as women in general, we all need to do. I think a lot about the words I use to talk about my own body in my home, in front of my girls, and how I speak about other women. I've curbed commenting on other women's appearances since I became a mother 10 years ago. It was something I did before that made sense to me to stop doing. We have to reset the norm, and if we can move away from women's appearances and bodies as being descriptors for their person, that can be helpful for the young women in my daughter's generation.  It's all happening.(AGAIN!) 😍😍😍@disneycruiseline #showusyourears #disneycruiseline A post shared by  Busy Philipps (@busyphilipps) on Nov 19, 2018 at 9:54am PST I try to be aware of the media and things they're consuming when I'm not around, but of course you can't have it all on lock. No one can and parents may think they can, but they're just delusional. So we try to have a really open dialogue about things. As my older daughter gets a little bit older, I try to listen as much as possible and pay attention. I talk with her and her friends and I listen to the things that they're finding valuable, and I see if there needs to be any sort of redirection.We've had conversations with my older daughter and her friends about the Internet, and not just safety but also the truth of the Internet, FOMO, and the fact that people use apps to change their faces sometimes on Instagram. The teen stars they look up to might be using those apps, and what does that mean? And what is the person's value? Does it matter that someone has 2 million followers on Instagram or 25,000 likes? We try to really impress upon them to make their own decisions and to be critical thinkers, but there are different things to be critically thinking about now as a 10-year-old, then say when I was a 10-year-old.  Yeah and they know all about that. Birdie's [Philipps' oldest daughter] best friend is an expert at it. She can take a photo of me and Facetune me into a Kardashian. My daughter understands that's not real, that there's real value in being natural and truthful to your own self because your worst goes beyond what you look like, or the shape of your body.    Oh man, it's been such a journey. I would tell the much younger me to really lean into the uniqueness of myself, because ultimately that's what has brought me the most success in both my career and my life. I think in your late teens, and especially early twenties (when I was starting out in this industry), I looked for a lot of ways to make myself less-than to fit into molds that were not for me. The more I let go of what I perceived as others' expectations of me, the more I was able to come into my own, and be this 39-year-old f*cking bad-ass I am now. 
 The designer and actress had a decades-long bond that shaped both of their careers.  This morning, it was announced that Hubert de Givenchy passed away in Paris at the age of 91. The iconic designer, who founded the house of Givenchy in 1952, was known for his elegant, sophisticated creations that influenced fashion for over five decades. But it was his relationship with Audrey Hepburn that took his legacy to the next level—and hers too. The designer and actress forged a special bond that lasted the duration of both their careers, shaping their works in Hollywood and the fashion industry. Hepburn, who served as Givenchy's greatest muse from the '50s until her death in 1993, wore the label in some of her most famous roles including Breakfast at Tiffany's, Sabrina and Funny Face. As we remember the late designer, take a look back at his special relationship with the Hollywood icon.  Hepburn trying on one of Givenchy's designs in an undated photo.  Hepburn in a custom white and black Givenchy gown in the film Sabrina.  The actress wore a Givenchy dress to the 26th annual Academy Awards in 1954, where she won the award for Best Actress for her role in Roman Holiday.  Hepburn in the famous little black dress designed by Givenchy, worn during the opening credits of Breakfast at Tiffany's.  In another Givenchy little black dress for a Breakfast at Tiffany's publicity still.  The duo is spotted out together in Italy while Hepburn filmed The Nun's Story.  At a restaurant in Paris, Audrey wears a hat and caped coat.  Givenchy and Hepburn go for a stroll together in Paris in an undated photo.  The designer and actress take a bow at Givenchy's 30th Anniversary Show. Audrey wears a white and black pin-striped suit with a matching wide-brim hat and oversized earrings for a portrait alongside Givenchy. Hubert de Givenchy receives California's Lifetime Achievement Award. For the occasion, Hepburn wore a stunning red feathered look created by the couturier.  Audrey wears a black satin Givenchy dress adorned with blush pink roses.  Hepburn wears a hot pink Givenchy ball gown alongside the designer at the 8th Annual Night of Stars Fashion Festival in New York.  The duo appears alongside each other at a special 40th anniversary retrospective for Givenchy in Paris.  At the 40th anniversary of the Givenchy fashion house.  Givenchy and Hepburn pose together in the designer's Paris atelier. 
 So little time, so many monograms  Fashion trends are forever rapid cycling. It was only a matter of time before we moved on from the early '90s trends that have been so dominant for years now, and plumbed the second half of the decades (plus the early aughts) for style inspiration.  If you’ve been following Rihanna and Kendall Jenner’s every outfit change, you already know It Girls are bringing back vintage logo bags—like the kind you’d see Carrie Bradshaw carrying on Sex and the City—in a major way. Here's we've rounded up endless examples of models, celebrities, and street style stars carrying Gucci, LV, Dior, and Fendi bags. Posing with a mini Louis Vuitton bag for a 1967 editorial The supermodel has been all about her vintage LV bags this summer.  Taking a pair of Gucci bags for a spin in 1971. The style icon has quite the collection of vintage logo purses. Seen here with her monogrammed Dior saddle bag. Traveling with a Dior mini duffel. Keeping it casual with a boxy LV style in late 2016. Bringing her Dior duffel to a NBA game in 2017. Repping a head-to-toe Fendi monogram look at the menswear shows. An original proponent of head-to-toe Fendi F's, snapped in the early aughts. The model attended the Dior Couture show in July with a new monogram bag. A vintage suitcase style spotted at the recent Fall 2017 show. Stepping out with her favorite LV fannypack earlier this summer.  Accessorizing her workout look with a vintage LV Alma bag. Taking something old and making it look new again, at the July Couture shows. Spotted in 2003, carrying a LV tote and a Birkin bag. Making a case for a bedazzled Fendi carryall circa 2008. Throwing it back to John Galliano's Fall 2001 collection. Before launching The Row and fully embracing minimalism, this stylish entrepreneur loved It Bags.  Logo mania at its most badass: The rapper's full-on, rasta-inspired Dior look for a film premiere in 2004.  The Victoria's Secret Angel rocked a classic off-duty look. This sexy up-and-comer modeled a LV logo bikini in the streets of New York, for a new CR Fashion Book editorial. Bag not required.  A quintessential '70s look―complete with a Vuitton bag. Spotted with an embellished Dior clutch in Paris.  Pairing a LV belt bag with a utilitarian jumpsuit at Coachella.  Stepping out in a boyish blazer circa 1977.  A vision of early 2000s elegance in a white skirt suit, shades, and matching Dior bag and kitten heels.  Shopping in St. Tropez in 2011.  A detail shot from Frida Giannini's Spring 2009 show.  Accessorizing a casual look at the Venice Film Festival in 2004. Nailing South Beach style in 2004.  
From: CR Fashion Book

 We'll take that little bustier and those snakeskin pants... GRLFRND is often the answer when you ask any fashion girl you know, "what are those jeans? They're really good." Revolve's in-house denim brand nails fit and on-trend styles—getting that mix of limited stretch, just the right distressing, and interesting length options just right. "Our customer comes back to us time and time again because we've become her go-to denim brand," Raissa Gerona, Revolve's chief brand officer ,says of the denim brand that can call everyone from Bella Hadid to Jennifer Aniston fans. Now GRLFRND is expanding into the ready-to-wear category with an emphasis on basics with that something special, and it's selling beyond Revolve with a range that recently went live on FWRD.com, priced between $78 - $998. Gerona explains the thought process behind the expansion as a straight-forward decision, "We want to make sure we accommodate our customer by providing her with pieces that she can pair back with her favorite GRLFRND jeans and beyond, including suiting and dressier options she can wear when she wants to get a little more dressed up." Standouts from the collection include a minimal-meets-western tan jumpsuit, a white shirt dress, leather biker shorts, snakeskin print pants, and a range of cozy but cool knits. The inspiration was all the ladies already in your Insta "saved" folder. "We were influenced by iconic women like Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, Princess Diana, Monica Belluci, Sade, our fellow friends and GRLFRNDs, and a general juxtaposition of vintage and modernity," Gerona says. We'll take that leather trench, add a Bessette-Kennedy-esque headband and be on our way, thanks.
 Orthopedic shoes but make it fashion.  Christopher Kane is no stranger to the ugly shoe trend. In fact, it was his several collaborations with Crocs that helped usher the movement along in past seasons.  But now, the British designer is venturing into new ugly shoe territory: bedazzled orthopedic shoes. At his Fall 2018 show during London Fashion Week, Kane unveiled his latest bout of ugly shoes: black chunky sneakers set on spiral boosters. The shoes, of course, are also bejeweled with colorful crystal embellishments.  If the sneakers look vaguely similar to your grandparents' orthopedic shoes, it's no coincidence. For the collection, Kane collaborated with an actual orthopedic footwear brand, Z-Coil, on the comfort shoes.  While it's unclear if this is a footwear trend that will actually take, I can assure you my grandma (and plenty of other older women at that) will at least be pleased about someone trying to make orthopedic shoes chic.  Of course, this is hardly Kane's introduction into the world of questionable shoe trends. Last season, the designer brought crystalized high-top Crocs to the runway at London Fashion Week. For Fall 2017, he tried fur-lined Crocs and the season before that, geode-encrusted Crocs.  The trend then spread, with Balenciaga delivering its own take on Crocs with a sky-high platform version last season as part of its Spring 2018 collection.     From Crocs to actual orthopedic shoes, it's unclear how many people are really embracing this level of the ugly shoe trend (outside of the street style scene). But for Christopher Kane, it seems to be an aesthetic that's working. 
 Even Brooklyn's new girlfriend was in attendance. Victoria Beckham returned to London Fashion Week this weekend to debut her brand's Autumn/Winter '19 collection at Tate Britain. Set in the iconic London gallery, Beckham's show attracted celebs including Olivia Palermo. And the entire Beckham clan could be seen cheering the designer on from the front row.  Per The Guardian, Beckham described who her new collection was for saying, "She’s a lady, but she’s not particularly ladylike. Or maybe she’s ladylike but not really a lady—whichever way you want to look at it, she’s got a bit of a naughty side." As usual, the Beckhams looked extremely proud of Victoria's work. It's worth noting that daughter Harper Beckham was totally rocking a bob hairstyle with blunt bangs for the event:    Brooklyn Beckham was accompanied by his model girlfriend, Hana Cross, to the fashion show, who is starting to look like one of the family already: The designer also streamed the fashion show live on her YouTube channel, in case you wanted to watch it in its entirety: The designer recently revealed that she will be launching Victoria Beckham Beauty this fall, which is more than a little exciting. SUBSCRIBE
 Cult Gaia just launched its first shoe collection—and you're going to be obsessed.  The fashion set (and pretty much all of Instagram) embraced Cult Gaia’s Ark bamboo bag with a fervor and now, the brand is here to tempt us with a new footwear collection.  Cult Gaia Ark bag, $170,SHOP Making its first foray into shoes, the brand collaborated with Net-A-Porter on a 5-piece collection that brings its art-inspired ethos to the footwear scene—all at an attainable price point. From bamboo accented heels to artful yellow mules that mimic its iconic Ark bag, Cult Gaia's debut shoe designs are sure to become a favorite amongst the fashion crowd.  Cult Gaia mules, $225, SHOP "Footwear is a natural progression for me. I’ve always dreamed of doing this and it’s another opportunity to create wearable art which is who we are as a brand. I love the collection because it can be worn with everything and nothing feels overdone or over designed. It was important for me that all the details were striking but timeless," Cult Gaia designer Jasmin Larian said.  The 5 shoe styles, which are each available in several color varieties, range in price from $225 - $350. And given the success of the brand's popular Ark bag, you can fully expect them all takeover your Instagram feed in no time.  Cult Gaia sandals, $350, SHOP As for whether we can expect more Cult Gaia shoes in the future? Designer Jasmin Larian is keeping her mind open, "Whatever comes naturally to our growth we will continue to do.  I believe that the customer decides, so if our fans love it then we will continue." Cult Gaia mules, $325, SHOP Before its sold-out by the fashion set, shop the full Cult Gaia shoe collection at net-a-porter.com now.  
 From mule mania to the return of toe ring sandals. The countdown to summer is on, which means it's officially time to prepare for sandal weather. This season, we'll be stepping into a time machine of shoe trends—from the return of toe ring sandals to kitten heel pumps and bright pops of color. Give your wardrobe an instant refresh with the help of these 6 shoe trends that are sure to take over this summer.  From stacked heel sandals to closed toe pumps, mules come in every shape, form, and color this season. Whether topping off a pair of jeans or a breezy summer dress, the trend works in endless ways.  Take it back to the '80s in these bright fuchsia mules.   My feet are summer ready 😎 @hm A post shared by  Ellie (@slipintostyle) on Mar 31, 2018 at 3:10am PDT Brace yourselves: toe ring sandals are making a comeback for summer. The unexpected throwback look is getting a modern update in the form of sleek, elevated flat leather sandals.  Opt for a sleek flat leather option like ATP Atelier's black Grecian-inspired pair.   Details💛 Today’s retro #Throwback via @ninewest 📷 @matt_coop #ninewestpartner A post shared by  R O C K Y (@rocky_barnes) on Mar 11, 2018 at 10:36am PDT Pick a color, any color: vibrant hue sandals are sure to take over Instagram this summer. From bright, sunny yellows to bold '80s-inspired teal and fuchsia, there are plenty of colors to choose from.  Done in one of summer's hottest colors, Nine West's retro square toe mules instantly upgrade even the simplest of outfits.   I should remake these, huh. A post shared by  Leandra (Medine) Cohen (@leandramcohen) on Apr 3, 2018 at 5:22am PDT Spring's clear PVC trend extends into footwear this summer with playful sandals that feel like an updated version of your childhood dress-up shoes.  Giuseppe Zanotti's clear embellished slides work both poolside or for your every day look.  Don't rule out classic kitten heel pumps just yet. The trend feels especially fresh for summer when done in stark white.  Classic white slingbacks will make all your summer looks pop.  For those days when you're not feeling sandals, a pair of chunky dad sneakers makes the perfect contrast to all your summer dresses and skirts.  Already a hit on Instagram, Vuitton's chunky archlight sneakers make for an unexpected way to accessorize your favorite summer dresses. 
 Who doesn't want to travel comfortably—and in style?  We all have that one person in our life who's always on the go–whether it's your adventurous best friend, your boss-woman sister, or your fabulously cultured mother. Though traveling is always a uniquely personal experience, there are some things every globetrotter should keep on-hand to ensure a comfortable–and fashionable–journey.  Below, the latest and most stylish accessories to never travel without.  This sleek, high quality carry-on by TUMI is perfect for the globetrotting girl who values style and durability. Designed for brief jaunts or quick international journeys, this luggage will last a long while.  Comfortable shoes are essential for an optimal traveling experience. These merino wool Gucci slippers with Spanish sheep shearling lining offer easy wearability for those dreaded TSA security checks, while keeping your feet warm and cozy in those chilly plane temperatures.  This plush blanket is perfect for those chilly flights and an ideal gift for someone who values coziness and style in equal measure. This compact-size Leica is equipped with multiple travel-friendly features—including extremely high-resolution, low-light performance, and lightweight design—making it the ultimate camera for capturing global adventures.   A compact and, most importantly, cute mini champagne-colored backpack is an all-around ideal getaway bag. An added bonus? The knapsack comes with an adjustable strap that converts it into a crossbody. An Assouline tome makes a beautiful coffee table gift to serve as inspiration for the next journey, whether it's a skiing trip to Gstaad, a beach getaway in Tulum, or a shopping excursion in Capri. These travel-sized Dior fragrances not only smell divine, they offer a wealth of travel inspiration: Rose Kabuki looks to Dior’s perfumers’ travels to Japan, La Colle Noire is inspired by Christian Dior’s summer home in the South of France, and Balade Savage is all about the saltiness of the Mediterranean Sea. A silky smooth eye mask is a must-have for anyone who takes regular red-eyes. Here’s one for the traveler who's the first to let you know when mercury is coming out of retrograde.  Gift her this personalized astrology mask, which comes with her sign embroidered on its complexion-protecting mulberry silk. These track pants by Rihanna-endorsed designer Adam Selman are perfect for the girl who loves to be comfy, chic, and maybe even a little extra when she flies.
 Meet the under-the-radar Philly showroom behind the new It scrunchie. From barrettes to bejeweled bobby pins, headbands, and scrunchies, nostalgic hair accessories have been having a moment. But if you thought the current scrunchie revival may be slowing down, think again. The trend is only getting bigger, better, and more extra, thanks to the crop of organza, cloudlike  scrunchies taking over Instagram.  The new wave of hair accessories doesn't helm from one of fashion's buzzy It brands but from an under-the-radar showroom called Room Shop Vintage in Philadelphia. The newly opened space boasts a cool curation of vintage pieces, along with its own collection of sustainable, supersized scrunchies made from deadstock and recycled or discontinued fabrics.  Summer vibes via @froeverever. Cloud Scrunchies are restocked and we have a buy one get one 25% off promo running so get em while they’re available! A post shared by  Room Shop (@roomshopvintage) on Jun 2, 2019 at 7:54am PDT Offered in a range of colors from pink to tie-dye to this season's new lime green trend, the poufed organza designs are nothing like the scrunchies of the '80s and '90s. Ideal for those who bask in the art of being extra, the over-the-top scrunchies are (unsurprisingly) already flooding social media feeds.     Had a very long conversation with this brick wall just so I could show off my scrunchie. A post shared by  Lauren Alexis Fisher (@laurenalexisnyc) on Jul 7, 2019 at 7:04am PDT  Constantly inspired by customer pics and styling 😭🥰. This one is from @alexandra___gordon. A couple of exciting things are happening this week that we want to share : we have a restock of clouds coming! A few sold out colors and some really pretty new ones. There are a few on Preorder on the website but not the full stock so keep 👀. We also have a restock of tie dye tees on the way!! We’ll do a Saturday weekly walkthru of all the newness so keep an eye on stories to get first dibs! And you know us (or maybe you’re new and don’t!) either way -  if you ever see something you like on stories - send a message! We sometimes sell early to good detectives. A post shared by  Room Shop (@roomshopvintage) on Jun 18, 2019 at 1:36pm PDT  The scrunchie creations come from the husband-and-wife duo behind Room Shop Vintage, Shelly Horst and Dryw Scully. After quitting their jobs in retail, the couple began selling vintage finds from their road trips across the country. Their pieces were so in demand, they opened a store/showroom in South Philly's Bok building. The dreamy space is now home to the scrunchies, along with the store's selection of vintage apparel, bags, and accessories.     Room Shop's cloud scrunchies come in two sizes: the large, regular size, which retails for $20; and the mini cloud (for those who want to be a little less extra), which retails for $12. Philly might be best known for its history, cheesesteaks, and die-hard sports fans, but it may be time to add giant cloud scrunchies to the list too. For those not located in the area, the scrunchies are also available to shop online at roomshopvintage.com.  🥬💚🐉🍐🍈🥒👒#gogreen A post shared by  Kat Hsu 🦋 亭亭 (@iamtheflowerthief) on Jul 2, 2019 at 10:06am PDT
 Take your cue from Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle on how to wear denim like a royal.  The Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Sussex offer lessons in how to wear denim elegantly. From distressed denim to the perfect skinny jean, click through to see some of their favorite pairs of jeans, and shop like the royals do.  Fit for a royal. The kind of jean every girl needs. This stunning shade can be dressed up or down to suit a variety of occasions.  From the flattering fit to the streamlined silhouette, these slim skinnies are more than a trend—they’re an essential. And better yet, these Mother's are Meghan's favorite.   The fit's so right. The shade, even better. Denim can get really basic, so mix it up with a frayed hem. Style with Meghan's favorite Aquazzura bow-embellished pumps to look instantly taller.  This wash is a winner. When looking for ripped jeans, opt for a pair with just a few slits so you can show the perfect amount of skin.  As versatile as they are comfortable, straight leg jeans are becoming a fashion favorite.  Wear a boyfriend blazer, styled with a classic button down and boots, for a fashionable layered look.  A straightforward pair of jeans is a great way to bring balance to your ensemble. Try a bold color top or sweater and finish with a cool pair of statement shoes. The ideal jean for putting together a cool day-to-night look. Add a structural top with either boots or pumps and you'll be good to go. Create the illusion of mile-long legs by wearing solid black jeans with a half tucked in blouse and colored pumps.  A flattering pair of denim acts as the base to a sleek uniform when paired with staple pieces.  Like Meghan, opt for a chic blazer, fitted top, and pumps for that  "Yes, I'm Royal" look.  Closet full of clothes but nothing to wear?  Thanks to their sleek and straightforward appearance, black, skinny jeans can be easily dressed up or dressed down.  Whether you’re rocking black, white, or gray skinny jeans, go head-to-toe in the same hue for that edgy-chic vibe. Add a moto jacket or oversized blazer to complete the look.  Make the most of this flattering style, by accentuating your waist. To do so, go for for a cropped top or tucking in a blouse. Adding heeled boots will make your legs look longer and an oversized outerwear to complete the look.  Take it from Kate: Pair your  jeans with a fitted jacket that hits just at your natural waistline, wear it over a simple top or lightweight sweater, adding 'oomph' to your look.  Doesn’t get more flattering or classic than good ol’ high-rise denim. You can't go wrong pairing these with a ribbed or stripe sweater.  Meet your new favorite pair of jeans. The wash, the fit, it's too perfect. Editor approved to be worn for every season.  Wear these everyday. Style these high-rise ankle jeans with a striped button-down to obtain a cool, casual outfit. Kate makes the 'casual denim look' well,  look good. No matter whether they’re skinny, straight, slim or cropped, a pair of black  jeans are the wardrobe basic every girl should own. Kate makes country chic look oh so good by pairing a clean black denim with a classic Barbour jacket and the perfect Chloe riding boot.   A dark wash skinny jean is the most versatile denim style you can own. Polished enough to dress up for work life and for date nights. 
 He replaces Christopher Bailey, who stepped down in October. In a surprising move, Burberry has named Riccardo Tisci as its new Chief Creative Officer. The former Givenchy designer replaces Christopher Bailey, who stepped down from the position in October after 17 years with the British brand.  Tisci will present his first collection for the brand in September, WWD reports. The designer announced the news on his Instagram early this morning.  "I am honoured and delighted to be joining Burberry as its new Chief Creative Officer and reuniting with Marco Gobbetti. I have an enormous respect for Burberry’s British heritage ad global appeal and I am excited about the potential of this exceptional brand," he wrote.  "I want to thank #Burberry for this incredible opportunity - I am so excited to join the team and for everything we will achieve together," he added. This marks Tisci's first major design gig since being Givenchy's creative director, a position he held for over a decade before leaving in February 2017. In his new role at Burberry, he'll reunite with the French fashion house's former exec, Marco Gobbetti, who is now the CEO of Burberry. "Riccardo is one of the most talented designers of our time," Gobbetti said in a statement. The news also debunks widespread rumors that Tisci was joining Versace. Though there was widespread speculation for over a year, negotiations reportedly broke down in June. Bailey debuted his final Burberry show on February 17 for the label's Spring 2018 collection. Both the clothes and the presentation included rainbow motifs as the designer's tribute to LGBTQ youth.  We look forward to seeing a new era of Burberry under Tisci's helm.
 The actress's best looks from her new stand-out style.  Selena Gomez has been out and about in a spate of streamlined, high-contrast ensembles that spell an all-grown-up vibe—with paparazzi in tow to document all of it. The pop star has unofficially eschewed laid-back Cali girl style. See all of her recent stand-outs.  in an AC/DC rocker tee, high waisted jeans and black square toe boots while out in California.  in an Oscar de la Renta crop top and skirt set, and wearing $21,500 worth of Tiffany & Co. diamonds, attending the premiere of Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation in California.  in navy and white pattern maxi dress, white loafers and gold hoop earrings on the streets of Rome, Italy. in a long beige Manning Cartell coat, a white t-shirt, distressed jeans, a Coach crossbody bag, and black combat boots while out in NYC. in a floral midi sundress by Reformation, a long slouchy camel sweater, gold hoops, and fresh white sneakers while heading to church on Easter Sunday. In a "Never Underestimate the Power of a Woman" t-shirt, cutoff denim shorts, a denim jacket, Jennifer Fisher hoop earrings, tube socks, and Puma sneakers while out with friends.  The photo was taken the day after it was reported that Selena and Justin's break is turning into a full-on break-up. In a "Choose Empathy" sweatshirt, black skinny jeans, white tube socks, platform loafers, Jennifer Fisher Silver 'Baby Samira' Hoops, and silver snap barrettes for a throwback flair while out in LA. Wearing a Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers t-shirt, with a high-slit red skirt, and Jennifer Fisher Silver 'Baby Samira' Hoops. Wearing double denim on St. Patrick's Day as she runs errands. Accessorized with white sneakers and green nail polish. In a sheer black floral-paneled asymmetrical dress under a leather moto jacket, styled with a Coach purse, and black lace-up boots at Coach's Fall/Winter 2018 collection show during New York Fashion Week.  In a denim jacket, Selena Quintanilla tee, leggings, white sneakers, gold hoop earrings, and gold aviator eyeglasses while out in LA. In a Bec & Bridge wrap dress, white sneakers, and Louis Vuitton bag while out in LA. In a gray plaid dress, Gerard Darel wide-brim hat, reflective sunglasses, white sneakers, and Louis Vuitton bag while out in LA. In a lace and satin dress and white lace-up boots by Coach at the British Fashion Awards in London. In a clasp Proenza Schouler dress over a white henley, black pumps, and orange cat eye sunglasses while out in London. In a yellow high-low asymmetrical dress and bejweled mismatched heeled sandals, both by Calvin Klein, at the Lupus Research Alliance Gala in NYC. In a fur-trimmed denim jacket, white t-shirt, black pants and black Fenty x Puma sneakers out and about in LA.  In a ruched tank dress and geometric sandals from Jacquemus' Spring 2018 collection and gold hoop earrings at the InStyle Awards in Los Angeles. In a blue, printed dress and white sneakers while out in NYC. In a black top, blue jeans, and a leather jacket while out in New York City.  In a black turtleneck, loose sweater, and jeans while out in New York City. In a Rouje polka-dotted wrap dress with Sergio Rossi sandals wile out in New York City. In a yellow For Love & Lemons sweater with black jeans, slingback heels, and a Louis Vuitton bag while out in New York City.  In a Réalisation Par wrap blouse, cuffed jeans, Stuart Weitzman sandals, reflective sunglasses, and her Coach Selena Grace bag while out in New York. In an oversized white tee, skinny jeans, black patent leather boots, Selena Grace Coach bag, and yellow-tinted sunglasses while out in New York. In a oversized pinstripe coat, white tee, straight-leg grey jeans, patent leather loafers, round sunglasses, and a white Selena Grace Coach bag while heading to her film set in New York. In a chunky sweater with rolled-up jeans, leather slip-on loafers, and round sunglasses while leaving her apartment in NYC. In an oversized coat, mustard sweater, maroon skirt, white sneakers, rounded sunglasses, and white Coach bag while out in New York. In a Coach bomber jacket, black turtleneck, leather pants, and studded sandals at a Coach In-Store event at the brand's Fifth Avenue store in NYC. In a brown leahter jacket, sheer black top, patchwork flare jeans, C-buckle belt, white leather bag and black platform boots at the Coach Spring 2018 show during NYFW.
 According to your favorite Insta Girls It's that time of the year again! Actually, it's always that time of year for swimsuits. Thanks to Instagram, your next greatest post is always just a vacation away. Whether you're heading for a weekend jaunt to Miami or Tulum, or somewhere more far flung like Bali or the South of France, you might want to refresh your bikini drawer. So, we've rounded up some of the coolest new labels that are garnering a double tap and a follow. Consider this your new guide to the season's hottest new brands. The go-to cocktail dress brand for notables like Meghan Markle, Chrissy Teigen and Michell Obama brings a very feminine and fashion-forward touch to swimwear with their debut line. It's so cool you might want to wear it in the city or by the sea. SHOP As worn by Xenia Adonts, Evangelie Smyrniotaki and Tiffany Hsu The brand that's known for it's vacation-approved handbags and accessories has finally launched swim, meaning you can get an insta-worthy look all from one place.  SHOP The name speaks for itself—this line is for the girls who are always chasing summer. Their simple yet sexy designs are a go-to for top models and Insta stars. SHOP As worn by Kendall Jenner Swimsuits don't get more elegant than this.  SHOP As worn by Rocky Barnes The line is inspired by Kate Moss in the '90s so you can expect sleek minimal styles with a retro feel... perfect for vacation days spent cruising around on a yacht. SHOP As worn by Giorgia Tordini  While Onia itself is not new, their collaboration with global influencer Danielle Bernstein (also known by WeWoreWhat) is just a year old and has already captivated the attention of mega celebrities like Kylie Jenner and Sophie Turner. SHOP As worn by Kylie Jenner Who knows swimwear better than one of the world's most famous models? Now that's left Victoria's Secret behind, Alessandra Ambrosio has dedicated her time to launching her own lifestyle brand including some ultra-sexy swimsuits.  SHOP As worn by Alessandra Ambrosio This Colombian dress designer is beloved by It girls everywhere for her statement cocktail dresses, now she's taking those eye-catching prints to swimwear. SHOP As worn by Xenia Adonts This British label has stolen the hearts of fashionable girls everywhere for their vintage silhouettes with prints that are sure to put a smile on your face.  SHOP As worn by Bazaar's Kerry Pieri If you're looking for the sexiest swimsuits around, look no further than this line created by Emily Ratajkowski who knows a thing or two about sex appeal.  SHOP As worn by Amelia Rami A little '70s and a little sexy, Juillet was launched in September 2017 by designers, and long-time friends, Lindsay Hofmann and Whitney Wilkerson. Named for their shared July birthday, this is a summer, and Insta ready, swim brand.   SHOP As worn by Michelle Scanga Victoria's Secret Angel Candice Swanepoel has worn a lot of swimwear in her days, so it's no surprise that she launched a collection of one-pieces and bikinis that will bring out your inner supermodel.  SHOP As worn by Candice Swanepoel Founders Tash Oakley and Devin Brugman have tried on thousands of swimsuits for their first business A Bikini A Day—they took everything they've learned to create a line that is all about style and flattering every body.  Shop As worn by Sami Miro This brand looks to everyone's favorite '90s supermodels for inspiration behind its retro cuts.  SHOP As worn by Emma Milani Beloved by influencers everywhere it's no wonder that the mastermind behind this instagram-friendly brand is one of the most famous insta famous, Shea Marie SAME As worn by Caroline Vreeland It's all the in the details for this sporty swimwear brand. SHOP As worn by Imaan Hammam Known for its unique crinkle stretch fabric, and high-cut bottoms, this label is for all the '80s lovers. Shop As worn by Emily Ratajkowski Former Marie Claire editor Brittany Kozerski knows exactly what girls want, minimal styles with minimal coverage. Shop As worn by Kristen Noel Crawley Not only is this line super sexy, but it's also eco-friendly. The two-pieces are created with a sustainable techno-fabric. Shop As worn by Justine Skye The label features simple yet sophisticated design in vibrant colors and punchy prints. Shop As worn by Lucinda Taffs Simplicity is key.  SHOP As worn by Elise Taylor From smocked suits to beach cover ups that take you from day to night, this brand is for the effortless, playful girl on the go.  Shop As worn by Anne V
 The real Fashion Week lives on Britney's Instagram.  As New York Fashion Week unfolds, there are plenty of street style trends emerging: animal print, cowboy boots, white boots, prairie dresses, and so on. But if you're not attending the shows, that doesn't mean you can't get in on all the fashion action from home. Just take note from iconic fashion influencer Britney Jean Spears who's currently phoning in this season's top street style trends from her pool.  Giving us her own #NYFW, Brit posted a photo of herself wearing two of fall's hottest trends—white slouch knee-high boots and animal print (in the form of a zebra bikini, no less)—by her pool on Instagram. Because she couldn't decide to wear her hair up or down, she selflessly gave us both options to choose from.   Come to think of it, the one thing missing from New York Fashion Week is, in fact, the Oscar-snubbed Crossroads actress herself. I mean, this is the woman who first accessorized with a giant python. The woman who pioneered a movement of crop tops and belly button rings. The woman who made us all want to carry a Starbucks Frappucino and Cheetos instead of a handbag. Fashion Week needs her.  Just imagine the street style photo potential: Sure, she could sit front row, but given her many runway show videos on Instagram, we know she'd be a natural star on the catwalk.  I could keep going all the way until Exhibit Z, but you get the point. Consider this the first official petition to get Britney Jean Spears to New York Fashion Week.  In the meantime, shop Britney's white boot look below. 
 The force has never looked so good. Who knew Christian Louboutin was a Star Wars fan? To celebrate the release of The Last Jedi, the latest installment in the beloved sci-fi franchise, the famed shoemaker teamed up with Disney and Lucasfilm for a range of heels inspired by four of the movie's leading ladies: Rey, Admiral Holdo, Captain Phasma, and Rose Tico.  The footwear is up for auction from now until December 20, and a portion of the proceeds will benefit Starlight Children's Foundation, which supports critically ill children in hospitals, on behalf of Star Wars: Force for Change. Although one pair of limited-edition Louboutins—signed by the designer and a Star Wars actress—seems like a big enough prize alone, there's even more included in the package. Winners get a second pair of the shoes plus a chance to visit the Lucasfilm headquarters, tour the studio, and view a special screening of The Last Jedi in San Francisco on January 16. (Unfortunately, travel and accommodations are not included.) The bids currently range from $2,000 to $3,250, but the packages have an estimated value of $10,000 each.  There's also an additional "showpiece" that will be added to the auction on December 9, after it's unveiled at the movie premiere. According to the brand, this shoe is inspired by the film and Louboutin's extreme Ballerina Ultima heel.  Take a closer look at the limited-edition shoes below. Star Wars: The Last Jedi opens in theaters on December 15.   This shoe, fashioned after Rey (Daisy Ridley), features a leather wrap ankle strap inspired by the belt on her costume. The translucent straps are a nod to "her Jedi powers and the Force she embodies," the brand said in a statement. The tiny blue brass hue on the heel is a tribute to her lightsaber.  BID This plum pump is an homage to Vice Admiral Amilyn Holdo (Laura Dern), who sports lavender hair in the film. The drapery on the shoe mimics the fabric of her costume. BID This silver style was inspired by Captain Phasma (Gwendoline Christie), if the sleek lines and metallic color scheme didn't already give it away. The criss-crossing straps imitate the curves of her armor. BID Even Star Wars newbie Rose Tico (Kelly Marie Tran) gets featured in the collection. As a maintenance worker in the Resistance, her design includes utilitarian details, as told by the block heel surrounding an inner stiletto, and a sandy ribbon ankle strap reminiscent of the color of her uniform.  BID A mini BB-9E and BB-8 roll among Louboutin samples and sketches in Louboutin's design studio.  Loubtouin works his genius. Watch: Christian Louboutin Is Releasing a Line of Baby Shoes
 From Kate Bosworth, to Adwoa Aboah, to Gwendoline Christie. Miu Miu's Cruise 2019 show took place in the foyer of Hotel Regina in Paris this weekend. It featured a whole host of celebrities walking the runway, from Stranger Things actress Sadie Sink, to Naomi Campbell, to Game of Thrones star Gwendoline Christie, to Adwoa Aboah. Basically, Miu Miu's new collection was worn by some of Hollywood's most elite stars. Importantly, Uma Thurman closed the show in a scene-stealing moment involving a pair of cat-eye sunglasses. Here, all of the celebs walking the runway for Miuccia Prada: The model walks the runway for Miu Miu's Cruise 2019 show at the Hotel Regina in Paris. Walking the runway for Miu Miu in Paris. The actress brought down the house at Miu Miu's Cruise 2019 show in Paris. Thurman closes the runway show. The Hollywood actress closes out Miu Miu's Resort 2019 show in Paris. Models walk Miu Miu's runway, including Alexa Chung and Kaia Gerber. The iconic supermodel walks the runway for Miu Miu's Cruise 2019 collection. Models walk Miu Miu's runway in Paris. The actress stuns in a preppy orange cardigan on Miu Miu's runway. The model wears a jaw-dropping, floor length coat. The iconic supermodel walks the runway for Miu Miu's Cruise 2019 collection. The Disney Channel star walks the runway in Paris. The model walks the runway in Paris. The model walks the runway in Paris. The model walks the runway in Paris. Game of Thrones star, Christie, walks the runway in leopard print for Miu Miu. The model and actress stuns in leather shorts for Miu Miu. The model and actress stuns in leather shorts for Miu Miu. The model leaves Miu Miu's show in Paris. The actress attends Miu Miu's show at the Hotel Regina in Paris. The influencer attends Miu Miu's show at the Hotel Regina in Paris. The British actress attends Miu Miu's Cruise 2019 show. The model leaves Miu Miu's show in Paris. The Stranger Things star walks the runway for Miu Miu. Attending the Miu Miu Resort 2019 afterparty. 
 As one does.  Last night, Karl Lagerfeld was honored at an intimate dinner hosted by V Magazine in New York. To fête the occasion, the designer was serenaded with a special performance by none other than Mariah Carey (which is quite truthfully the only way anyone should ever be honored in life). How does one pay tribute to the legendary fashion designer behind Chanel, Fendi, and his own namesake brand? With a performance of the 2008 classic "Touch My Body," of course. The Elusive Chanteuse herself serenaded Lagerfeld with three fitting song choices: "Touch My Body," "Hero," and "We Belong Together." Karl basked in all the glory from a close-up front row seat:  That iconic white ponytail and that iconic bedazzled belly chain—it's the mashup we never knew we needed.   Touch My Body 💦😍👑💯❤ Last night at Karl Lagerfeld's birthday party in NYC #MariahCarey #KarlLagerfeld A post shared by  I SERVE FOOD #EATHEALTHY 🌝 (@mariah_mylove) on Oct 24, 2017 at 9:27am PDT Icon recognize icon. 
 The most important question has to be: do they chafe?  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. As we approach the summer, everyone is scrambling to find the perfect look for festival season. And Parisian fashion label Y/Project has just launched a polarizing piece of clothing that is probably going to be a big talking point in 2019. We are, of course, talking about   Y/Project's "denim panties," and yes, they are every bit as confusing as they sound. Carrying a $315 price tag (on the ssense website), Y/Project's "navy denim panties" have pretty much set the internet on fire, as People reports. Described as "denim brief-style shorts," it's easy to imagine the unforgettable item becoming a surprise Coachella hit, for anyone looking to show some serious skin:   Two words: Denim panties. The SSENSE editors show you five ways to take your Canadian tuxedo to the next level, featuring @yproject_official, @muglerofficial, @junyawatanabeofficial, and more 👖 Link in bio. A post shared by  SSENSE (@ssense) on Mar 26, 2019 at 8:07am PDT  The striking look already hit the Paris Fashion Week runway in September 2018:   Here, we round up the best Twitter reactions to 2019's new favorite festival trend (probably): As a busy and modern career woman on the go, I never leave the house without my powerful Jean Diaper™ pic.twitter.com/1nrdEtDVQF HOW do i feel about $300 denim panties, you ask? well i’ll tell you how i feel. utterly and thoroughly chafed pic.twitter.com/YYQ9v5dZ6b  pic.twitter.com/wtPIAmvuKL You will either love these or hate them! Which one is it? Personally, I NEED these @yproject_official jorts in my life! I seriously would rock these so hard!!! https://t.co/9txDRZyCFF pic.twitter.com/pJgoDBKhgl What in the actual hell is denim underwear and why is this an actual thing and why are people buying it!? pic.twitter.com/TvJxVqV6Az Good morning to everyone except that fashion brand selling denim panties would 100% wear these denim panties tbh https://t.co/dltkk6V0RH Whether or not you're ready to try out a pair of denim panties for yourself, it's undeniable that Y/Project's teeny-tiny item has caught the world's attention.
 The 'RuPaul's Drag Race' winner talks the importance of her new pinup-inspired ad campaign.  In a year when gender norms are (finally) being challenged more than ever, Violet Chachki just made a huge stride by becoming the first drag queen to land a major lingerie campaign.  Chachki, who won the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race, faces a Bettie Page-inspired lingerie campaign for London brand, Playful Promises. In the series of photos, she models a range of vintage, pin-up-esque pieces from bustier bras to high-waisted underwear, corsets, and garter belts.     Channeling Bettie Page for the barrier-breaking campaign was especially fitting for Chachki, as the '50s pin-up model is a big part of her drag persona, "Bettie Page has been a big inspiration for my drag character for a long time, so it’s kind of full circle for me. I reference her a lot in my work so it was kind of the perfect pairing for me and a dream job," Chachki told BAZAAR.com. But along with the dream role as Page, what's even more monumental is being able to represent drag queens in a space that has been reserved exclusively for cis women. "It’s so gratifying to be accepted into a world that I never thought a drag queen would be accepted into," Chachki said of breaking into the lingerie industry.  The mainstream fashion industry still has a lot of work to do in continuing to challenge gender norms, but Chachki is hopeful that progress will continue to be made. As for what she thinks the industry needs to do in order to be better: "More visibility and variety. There’s so many different identities out there and I think they all deserve some visibility. Showing variety in representation in casting is super important, it gives minorities a platform and I think it definitely creates a safe space for conversation and progress.” "It’s about taking risks. I mean, casting gender non-conforming people in campaigns and editorials and on covers of magazines is a risk for any business because there’s going to be controversy, but I think they need to take the risk and believe they’re moving in the right direction," Chacki added, calling out brands' and magazines' roles in promoting inclusivity and diversity.  The Bettie Page lingerie collection modeled by Chachki is available to shop now at playfulpromises.com.   
 No grey areas here. Go black, white, and bold with your Christmas list this year with these graphic, monochromatic gifts. From fashion and food to beauty and home, these two shades in tandem are always a sleek and sophisticated pair. Add a striking print to the mix and you're sure to make more of a statement than any other color in the rainbow.  Edie Parker clutch, $1,195, frwd.com BUY NOW Fausto Puglisi dress, $2,065, farfetch.com BUY NOW Tabitha Simmons shoe, $645, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Boscia pore pudding, $38, sephora.com BUY NOW Olivia Von Halle pyjamas, $525, mytheresa.com BUY NOW RAZ Imports ornaments, $35, amazon.com BUY NOW Fornasetti scented candle, $168, farfetch.com BUY NOW Veronica Beard dress, $695, farfetch.com BUY NOW Crosley turntable, $180, ahalife.com BUY NOW Stephen Webster ring, $30,526, farfetch.com BUY NOW Monse pants, $1,490, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Givenchy mascara, $33, sephora.com BUY NOW Temperley London dress, $635, netaporter.com BUY NOW Oneofakindstones bookends, $29, etsy.com BUY NOW T3 flat iron, $165, amazon.com BUY NOW Off-White bag, $1,003, farfetch.com BUY NOW Aniye By dress, $397, farfetch.com BUY NOW Saint Laurent shoe, $1,095, barneys.com BUY NOW Jonathan Adler backgammon set, $395, neimanmarcus.com BUY NOW Chanel vintage bag, $5,316, farfetch.com BUY NOW Elizabeth and James perfume set, $75, sephora.com BUY NOW Rachel Comey dress, $644, farfetch.com BUY NOW Mackenzie-Childs tea kettle, $145, amazon.com BUY NOW Chanel foundation, $60, nordstrom.com BUY NOW Eugenia Kim earmuffs, $245, bergdorfgoodman.com BUY NOW Stella McCartney heels, $472, farfetch.com BUY NOW Mugler dress, $1,768, farfetch.com BUY NOW Jamie Clawson surfboard, $6,000, ahalife.com BUY NOW Caroline Constas belt, $295, modaoperandi.com BUY NOW Click Wall Art framed print, $81, wayfair.com BUY NOW
 A lesson in timeless dressing. We've come to regard the trench coat as one of our favorite wardrobe staples.  While designers have turned out countless iterations—Hensely brings a soft ease to the ubiquitous piece as one of their core offerings. Inspired by her roots in India, classic Indian dancing and her mother, founder Neha Kapur Nayyar sought out to create a line for women who want to reinvent themselves without having to change their inherent style. The product is a feminine and timeless collection of dresses, knits, suiting and outwear. Nayyar heavily focuses on the details and movement of her pieces. Below, we tapped the LA-based designer to show us the best ways to style her favorite piece from her collection. Why is this your wardrobe MVP? The Hensely Trench is a core staple of the brand, a season-less silhouette and a piece which is so versatile that it can be also worn as a dress or coat. I particularly love that it has an element of classic sensibility exhibited with a modern understanding.  Look 1 worn with Prada shoes.  The versatility of this trench is limitless. Wearing it as a dress shows how it can also be styled as a delicate evening attire look. Look 2 worn with Victoria's Secret Slip, Hensely Wide Leg Pants  "I always need formal options for business meetings and wearing the trench as a power suit is my go-to option as it feels very empowering. The wide leg pants give it a hint of formality and can be worn easily from day to evening." Look 3 worn with Rag and Bone tank, Mother jeans, Common Projects shoes  Adding a pair of jeans and a tank top really shows the ease and flow of the trench , it's casual but still classic. This is what I love to wear while taking long walks with my dog.
 But there's still plenty of room for improvement. The Fashion Spot's seasonal rundown of runway diversity in fashion ad campaigns for autumn/winter came with some hopeful news — but also showed us there's still a long way to go before everyone can feel truly represented. Let's start with the good news. Fall ad campaigns were markedly more diverse than previous seasons and, for the first time ever, the number of nonwhite models cast exceeded 30 percent. Saint Laurent, Coach 1941, Christian Dior, Dolce & Gabbana, Gap, Helmut Lang and Nordstrom were among the most racially diverse campaigns. Those who did less well? The likes of Balmain, Sies Marjan, Simone Rocha and Vivienne Westwood cast just one model of color in campaigns featuring six or more women.  And of the seven models who booked the most campaigns, only one was nonwhite: Adwoa Aboah.  To arrive at these figures, the Fashion Spot reviewed 187 Fall 2017 fashion print ads comprising of 457 model castings. As they write, "in a refreshing change of pace — the most recent ad season was more racially diverse than its runway counterpart." "The takeaway? In terms of racial representation, change is happening." Models over age 50 saw increased visibility this season: 14 women appeared in Fall campaigns this year. This is a sevenfold increase over Spring 2017.   In the world of plus-size, however, the industry didn't fair so well. While a record 26 plus-size models walked the runways of New York — something of a watershed moment — in print, plus-size women accounted for just 10 of the 457 castings. That's just 2.2 percent and actually a 0.1 point dip from the Spring 2017 campaign season.  And transgender models still face problems. They were the least represented group this season, accounting for only 6 of the 457 castings, or a mere 1.3 percent.  Spring 2017 saw five castings, so this year we've managed to beat the record by just one person.  Surprisingly, model, actress and activist Hari Nef — one of the fashion world's most prominent transgender voices — landed the lowest-profile gig of the group, appearing in Swedish shoe and accessories brand Vagabond's Fall 2017 ads.  That said, the model did recently land her second major beauty campaign, co-starring in the campaign for Gucci Bloom. As Fashion Spot writes: "While these steps may seem plodding — to an almost defeating degree, especially given the current administration's recent incursions on transgender rights — they can't be underestimated. If three's a trend, four seasons of incremental, but nonetheless visible, improvement could be considered a shift." 
From: ELLE UK

 Your sartorial guide to the year ahead.  As we get ready to usher in a new year, it's also time to usher in a new set of trends. According to the runways, the street style scene, and the best dressed A-listers, these are the emerging fashion trends to watch in 2018. Whether your resolution is to take more style risks or hone in on your wardrobe, these are the looks to weave into your wardrobe. Plus, the trends it's time to retire (for now).   Pantone may have declared "Ultra Violet" the official color of 2018, but we're banking on the pretty pastel shade of lavender to takeover instead. From pantsuits to romantic dresses, the pale hue was all over the Spring 2018 runways—and makes for an Instagram-friendly alternative to millennial pink.  From left: Michael Kors, Max Mara, Erdem Spring 2018 runways Art and fashion intersected on the Spring 2018 runways, making for a colorful and rich way to shake up any wardrobe. From the bold Warhol-inspired pieces at Versace to cartoon works of art emblazoned onto Prada's collection, art is wearable in 2018.  Pictured: Versace Spring 2018 and a street style look at Milan Fashion Week Gray checked blazers took over the street style scene and our Instagram feeds this past season, but the trend is just getting started. Flourishing into full-on plaid, the print was everywhere from the runways to the street style set outside the shows. From colorful coats to menswear-inspired blazers to unexpected plaid accessories, there are endless ways to weave the trend into your wardrobe this year.  The classic trench coat gets a fresh upgrade after being reworked in an endless amount of iterations on the runways. From new cuts to feathers and ruffles, there's a fun new trench for everyone to try this season. Pictured: Céline Spring 2018 Making for one of the most fun trends of the season, fringe is back and more over-the-top than ever. Ultra-glam, dramatic fringe was spotted on the runways at Calvin Klein, Dior, Loewe, and more. For those looking to try the trend, it's already surfacing on bags, skirts, and playful trimmed tops for a more subtle way to embrace the look.  One of the most taboo accessory trends of all time is making its comeback—and it's officially cooler than ever. Earlier in 2017, the bag trend was spotted on Kendall Jenner, A$AP Rocky, Rihanna, and Bella Hadid. For Spring 2018, it was all over the runways, proving the revamp is here to stay.  Before you crack a "groundbreaking florals" joke, spring's iteration of the print comes in the form of retro, '60s-inspired styles that actually do feel fresh. Once reserved for your grandmother's tablecloth or couch, '60s flower prints make for a playful dress or two-piece set this season.  From left: Marc Jacobs, Balenciaga, Kenzo Tapping into '80s and '90s workout gear, the new wave of athleisure is going full-on throwback. Retro workout pieces weren't just spotted on Rihanna's Fenty x Puma Spring collection, but also at fashion houses like Gucci, Tod's, and Louis Vuitton, bringing the ultimate mashup of high fashion and the gym. For 2018, incorporate the pieces once reserved for old-school workout videos into your everyday wardrobe.  Pictured: Fenty Puma by Rihanna Spring 2018 From Calvin Klein to Valentino and Chanel, clear plastic outerwear (and footwear) is having a major revival. Whether you're facing a rainstorm à la the models at Chanel's Spring 2018 show or you simply want to try standout PVC accessories, spring will undoubtedly be filled with clear shiny pieces.  Pictured: Chanel Spring 2018 A new wave of denim is here just in time to give your wardrobe a revamp. Dark wash denim ruled the runways in every form from classic jeans to two-piece sets, and structured dresses.  From left: Fendi, Tom Ford, Chloe They've all had a long run, and made for some good looks along the way, but it's time for us to collectively let go of skater merch, chokers, and off-the-shoulder tops—for now. 
 The supermodel stars in the fast fashion retailer's new short film.  Back in the '90s, Naomi Campbell worked with H&M on a series of commercials and campaigns. Now, over 20 years later, the supermodel is joining forces with the Swedish retailer once again for its Fall 2017 campaign video.  Shot in Tokyo, the short film stars Campbell leading a lip sync karaoke session around the Japanese city. Offering a look at both Tokyo's nightlife scene and H&M's fall collection, the quirky video celebrates masculine-meets-feminine power dressing as models lip sync along to the 1980s hit, "WHAM!"  As for Campbell, she was excited to be working with H&M again. "It’s always an honor when a brand comes back to you 20 years later," she told BAZAAR.com."I love Tokyo, so any excuse to be there, I’m happy."  In the video, the supermodel wears a black double-breasted suit from H&M's fall range, which just so happens to be her favorite piece from the collection. "I loved the suit I wore in the campaign. It felt strong and sexy. You can wear it anywhere, anytime, over and over again. It’s nice for an elegant party—it goes with long hair or short hair...it’s just very chic."  That intersection of masculinity meets femininity is one of the trends Campbell is looking forward to most this fall. But after nearly three decades of working in the industry, what's exciting  her about fashion now? Looking beyond fall, Campbell says she thinks big changes are coming to the fashion world, "I think next year there’s going to be a new rage. Right now it feels like there’s a bit of a stillness and everyone’s at the crossroads, but I think that means there’s exciting times to come, and I don’t use that word often.”  And if you're wondering whether the supermodel had as much fun filming the campaign as the video looks, the answer is yes. "The whole set had really great vibes. The whole time I kept saying to myself, 'Am I really working?'" H&M's fall collection hits stores and hm.com on September 21st. 
 Let's face it: You give the best presents in your squad. Gift giving can be an anxiety-producing situation, especially when it comes to your favorite people. From the holiday season to weddings and baby showers, there's never a shortage of occasions when gifts are necessary. In order to make life a little easier, we're providing you with the perfect gifts for every stage of friendship.  Whether you're searching for your BFF's birthday or your favorite new coworker, there's a fabulous gift in this guide for every kind of friend, the old and the new.   Missoma's stunning gold coin necklace adds iconography to your necklace collection. Stack it against other lengths, or layer with the brand's Roman Arc piece.  Prada fans will rejoice for this playful print cardholder.  What's better than an LED mirror that allows for perfect makeup application? Well, this one that features a wireless Bluetooth audio speaker and USB power charger. Stay connected, and beat.  Emu Australia's tie-dye slippers are a trendy girl's dream. Wear them around the house for the ultimate comfy afternoon.  If you're not sure which serum she's been eyeing, get all three in this easy-to-use beauty kit.  No artfully crafted bedroom is complete without a luxurious throw blanket. The best part? This one won't break the bank.  You've probably heard about them by now, but P.volve is making serious waves in the fitness and wellness industry. Give your bestie the gift of toned muscles and lean arms with the brand's beginner kit. Featuring; the p.ball, light ankle weights and 2 lb hand weights. Is there ever a wrong time to give the gift of a perfectly matte red lipstick? We think not.  For those that prefer a vintage aesthetic, opt for the manual SLR camera from Nikon that uses 35mm film.  If you haven't heard of up and coming brand Shevoke, you're very, very welcome. Gift these chic acetate sunglasses to the trendsetter in your life.  There's no better gift than the gift of everlasting comfort. These linen Sleeper pajamas double as loungewear, and feel extra luxe against your skin.  For the gal pal that enjoys a home filled with the most lavish of decor, look to L'Objet's set. These marbled green cups and saucers will look elegant topped with a latte.  Serve up tasty drip coffee while making a statement with Italian-based 50s-inspired brand SMEG.  Everyone appreciates a new phone case; especially when it's adorned with marble.  For the friend concerned with anti-aging, and waking up with perfect hair, give her the joy of a luxe silk pillowcase.  For all those caffeine and tea lovers out there; look to the famous tea bag assortment; filled with Royal Blend, Breakfast Blend, Afternoon Blend, Queen Anne Blend, Earl Grey Classic and Smoky Earl Grey. Perfect.  Both parts extra and functional, these gold salt and pepper shakers will spruce up your friend's dining table.  Scented candles are a dime a dozen, but one with aesthetically pleasing packaging and a unique scent mixture of fig leaves,  pepperwood and oak, is rare.  QuietComfort® is ideal for music lovers. Hear your favorite jams at high volume with no distractions or discomfort.  For the active person in your life. Give them the gift of a stylish morning jog, comfort included.  A handbag doesn't have to be thousands of dollars to look luxe. This trendy little beaded tote is a wardrobe must-have for every fashion-forward favorite in your life.  A bottle that'll compliment her bedside table and double as a chic piece of decor.  Not only does need-to-know brand LHLL curate/create the coolest tees and sweatshirts, they also have sweatpants that'll bypass the comfort of your go-to pairs at home.  For enjoying your BFF's company, and a delicious glass of Merlot. 
 Shop the season's hottest trends all for under $170. Cherry prints, button dresses, and the return of toe-ring sandals—you've probably already unknowingly scrolled past some of Summer 2018's hottest trends on Instagram. But now that the season of weekend getaways, backyard parties, and endless beach trips is officially upon us, it's time to start shopping this summer's best new trends now.  In the spirit of not totally maxing out your credit card (but still looking fashun), we tracked down all the best affordable on-trend pieces that won't break your bank account.  Scroll down to shop this summer's 10 hottest trends—all for under $170. Trade in your button-down shirt for a button-down dress that packs a punch this season. Accessory wise, the classic basket bag is getting reimagined with leather accents that work just as well for the office or city as they do for the beach. Who What Wear for Target dress, $33, target.com. SHOP NOW Moon River dress, $100, nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW Mango bag, $79, mango.com. SHOP NOW Go matchy-matchy in coordinating two-piece sets that make a splash this summer.  PrettyLittleThing bralette, $28, prettylittlething.com. SHOP NOW PrettyLittleThing pants, $45, prettylittlething.com. SHOP NOW Make way for a new pastel trend: the return of lavender. The pretty hue is replacing millennial pink as the season's go-to soft and feminine color.  Gal Meets Glam dress, $168, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Topshop top, $55, topshop.com. SHOP NOW Topshop sandals, $65, topshop.com. SHOP NOW Forget florals for spring, summer is all about cherry print pieces. From dresses, bags, and even cherry-printed sandals, this is hands down the sweetest trend to try now.  Topshop blouse, $55, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Mystique sandals, $158, revolve.com. SHOP NOW Channel the '80s with a voluminous, puff-sleeved top that is perfect when styled with shorts or jeans.  1.State puff sleeve top, $89, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW The polka dot craze is here to stay. From puff-sleeved blouses to sundresses, skirts, and even accessories, the print can be worn an endless amount of ways this summer.  Also rising as a top contender for hottest color of the season is bright yellow, which instantly brings a welcome-dose of sunshine to any look.  H&M top, $20, hm.com. SHOP NOW M.i.H. Jeans dress, $135, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Toe-ring-inspired shoes are officially making a comeback this season. Try the look in a flat lace-up sandal that feels both sleek and elevated.  Forever 21 sandals, $13, forever21.com. SHOP NOW Splendid sandals, $78, revolve.com. SHOP NOW You can never go wrong with a crisp white dress and right now, the shopping scene is filled with plenty of options to choose from. From ruffles to off-the-shoulder cuts to button-down-inspired styles, there's something for every woman to try.  Lovely Pepa dress, $139, lovelypepacollection.com. SHOP NOW Topshop dress, $58, topshop.com. SHOP NOW
 It's her second flawless look of the day. Meghan Markle has had an incredibly busy weekend so far. Fresh from wearing the most perfect floral Self-Portrait dress this morning at an Invictus Games reception, Markle attended the Queen's Birthday Party concert this evening, dressed flawlessly in a Stella McCartney cape dress. Queen Elizabeth II turns 92 today, so celebrities and members of the public alike attended the concert in her honor. Markle arrived at the Royal Albert Hall in London with Prince William and Prince Harry. As Kate Middleton is due to give birth to her third baby any day now, she wasn't in attendance. Markle's sophisticated evening look combined fashion with formality. She paired her navy Stella by Stella McCartney cape dress, with a pair of Manolo Blahnik BB pumps.  She carried a chic Naeem Khan Armory Zodiac clutch bag to complete the outfit. Musicians including Sting, Sir Tom Jones, Kylie Minogue, Craig David, and Shaggy turned out for the Queen's Birthday Party concert, performing for the packed Royal Albert Hall. And, as usual, Prince Harry and Markle looked totally in love: Earlier today it was confirmed that Middleton's role in Prince Harry and Markle's May 19 wedding would likely be small, as she will have recently given birth. A source told Vanity Fair, "Frankly Harry and Meghan are just happy that Kate will be there given she will only just have given birth. They have told her there is no pressure on her to do anything, they just want her to enjoy the day."  Want more royals? Now you can watch all of the best episodes from Bazaar's Royal Watch—right here on Prime Video.
 The actress shares her favorite holiday gifts for this season. Proving not even celebrities are immune to the act of regifting during the holiday season, Mindy Kaling stars in Tory Burch's holiday campaign video.  The expecting actress shares her go-to gifts of the season—as well as her regifting game-plan. Along with showcasing Tory Burch's special holiday gift box, Kaling also shares some shopping advice for the tough to give people in your life (a “Peace” sweater for your aunt who’s always yelling at the nightly news and a gold tote bag to send to Beyoncé to hold all her Grammys).  Standing out as the ultimate gift that gives back this season, Burch's Holiday Seed Box is a curated selection of items from women-owned brands with 100% of proceeds going towards the Tory Burch Foundation. The foundation, which is dedicated to empowering female entrepreneurs, works to provide access to capital, education programs, and digital resources to women-led companies.  Retailing for $98, the box includes a cosmetic case, face masks, performance socks, beauty items, and more. You can shop the set now at toryburch.com. 
 The New York designer is one of 12 finalists for the competition.   The International Woolmark Prize is one of the most prestigious awards for emerging design talent. Launched in 1953, its past winners have included Gabriela Hearst, Karl Lagerfeld and Yves Saint Laurent. It's clear that their support can be a launchpad for future career success. Not only do winners take home a cash prize, but their collection gets picked up by a Woolmark retail partner and they also receive business mentorship which can be vital to up-and-coming brands. Three awards will be presented: womenswear, menswear and the innovation prize. Innovation is the focal point of the Woolmark Prize as designers are challenged to create something truly original and unique to their brand with Merino wool.  This weekend during London Fashion Week the 12 global finalists will present their six-piece collection in a group runway show. Alber Elbaz, Gwendoline Christie,  Laura Brown, Tim Blanks and Tiffany Hsu are just a few names who will judge the final competition  Representing the United States as one of three American finalists vying for the AU200,000 grand prize is New York design darling Brandon Maxwell. Colovos and Willy Chavarria are also in the running. Maxwell just debuted his Fall 2019 collection in New York while simultaneously working on his Woolmark Prize collection which will be comprised of activewear, a new area for the designer.  The Texas-born designer who is also known as Lady Gaga's longtime stylist, launched his own namesake collection for Spring 2016.  His brand has quickly become a red-carpet favorite worn by celebrities like Jennifer Aniston, Michelle Obama, Blake Lively, Tiffany Haddish, and Kerry Washington, just to name a few. His clothes are synonymous with glamorous and bold women—much like his original inspiration Lady Gaga. The designer makes quite the pivot, from ballgowns to activewear for his Woolmark Prize entry, but his motives remain the same. "It’s all about the women!" Maxwell told Bazaar, "they aren’t attending formal events every night, they have full lives, jobs and children! I wanted to give them something for those moments when they are off-duty." Sustainability is also a huge anchor to the Woolmark Prize, as they encourage brands to work more with Merino wool which is hugely versatile and completely biodegradable. On sustainability in the industry, Maxwell said, "I think it should be important to all fashion brands. Working with Woolmark gave me the opportunity to try my hand at new fabrications that are sustainable. I was fascinated to learn that when a Merino wool garment has reached the end of this wear, it can be added to organic compost, as wool fibers are biodegradable. I’m learning so much about wool and the environment and I’m happy to incorporate this fabric in my collections moving forward."   Stay tuned to find out the grand prize winners!
 She handled it like a boss...by not handling it at all. Nipples. People have them! So really, it's not that big of a deal when they're seen in public (actually, it's not a big deal at all). Which brings us to Bella Hadid's nip slip at Paris Fashion Week. While closing the Alexandre Vauthier show, Bella's black top slipped down, causing her to expose a little more skin than she presumably intended. (Or maybe this was on purpose because #fashion. Who knows, again, it's just a nipple.) Bella clearly was more focused on slaying the runway than worrying about her nip slip, and completely nailed her walk. (By the way, she has a history of not being concerned about wardrobe malfunctions.) And in other non-nipple related news, can we please talk about how this is the best shirt that has ever been created?  
From: Marie Claire US

 "We abhor all forms of racism." This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. This week, Prada has issued an apology for some imagery featured in one of its recent campaigns.  Taking to Facebook on Thursday, lawyer Chinyere Ezie wrote, "I don’t make a lot of public posts, but right now I’m shaking with anger. Today after returning to NYC after a very emotional visit to the Smithsonian National Museum of African American history and Culture including an exhibit on blackface, I walked past Prada’s Soho storefront only to be confronted with the very same racist and denigrating #blackface imagery."  Ezie then spoke about how, once inside the store, she found even more examples of the offensive imagery, and discussed the campaign with a member of staff. In her Facebook post, Ezie asked other people to get involved in asking the brand to remove the examples:   Over two tweets, Prada apologized for the imagery, and vowed to remove any articles from its stores which had been construed as racist: [1/2] #Prada Group abhors racist imagery. The Pradamalia are fantasy charms composed of elements of the Prada oeuvre. They are imaginary creatures not intended to have any reference to the real world and certainly not blackface. [2/] #Prada Group never had the intention of offending anyone and we abhor all forms of racism and racist imagery.  In this interest we will withdraw the characters in question from display and circulation. BAZAAR.com reached out to Prada for further comment. SUBSCRIBE
 Your comprehensive guide on what to fall for this season. It's been scientifically proven that the act of shopping (or even just adding things to your Wish List), provides your body with a surge of happy endorphins, and why wouldn't it?! Whether you're pining over sleek suiting from Tibi or Rejina Pyo, or have bookmarked everything from Natacha Ramsay-Levi's first collection for Chloé, the new spring season has plenty to offer in terms of heart-pumping buys.  Belt bags have never been chicer. Whether you wear one slung around your waist or across the body (all the models are doing it), invest in a bright color to pack a sartorial punch. Gucci bag, $1,100, net-a-porter.com SHOP This season, an update to your go-to denim tuxedo is in order. As evidenced by fashion's new favorite denim labels—like Goldsign, Khaite, and GRLFND—straight leg, light washes are back. Madewell jeans, $135, net-a-porter.com  SHOP The mule became every fashion girl's staple a few seasons ago, and it's definitely not going anywhere. Look for styles in bold hues and special details, like Attico's sweetheart front. Attico shoes, $655, net-a-porter.com SHOP Gucci remains a cult favorite, and red is the color of the season. If a head-to-toe ensemble is a little scary, opt for a silk blouse in a traditional silhouette. Gucci top, $1,400, net-a-porter.com SHOP Pastel suiting was undoubtedly one of the biggest trends in the streets and on the runways. Up-and-coming label Rejina Pyo's wide legged version is a fresh twist on a traditional silhouette. Tibi blazer, $595, net-a-porter.com SHOP Rejina Pyo pants, $560, net-a-porter.com SHOP Just like an LBD, almost nothing beats a black handbag—except maybe a black bag with a twist. Rather than the usual tote, look for unusual shapes still roomy enough to carry your essentials. Loewe bag, $2,850, net-a-porter.com SHOP  Pastel suiting may be a street style favorite, but nothing beats a traditional checked blazer. Pair with a t-shirt and jeans or pull a power lady move and look for a matching set. Joseph blazer, $945, net-a-porter.com SHOP  Chloé is known for its handbags, and new creative director Natacha Ramsay-Levi's first collection for the French maison delivered one of our new favorites—a classic chain handle with a twist. Chloé bag, $1,950, net-a-porter.com SHOP  Vetements remains at the forefront of cool, and they succeeded this season in keeping 'logomania' alive. The coziest take is a refreshed version of a hoodie, which becomes more chic than chill when worn with a skirt. Vetements, $1,040, net-a-porter.com SHOP Sunglasses might be the last thing on your wishlist, but this season they took center stage. Small, cat eye sunglasses were the look du jour, and remain the hottest shades to add to your look. Adam Selman x Le Specs sunglasses, $120, net-a-porter.com  SHOP
 The singer-turned-designer shut down New York Fashion Week with a blowout runway event.  Rihanna is back gracing New York Fashion Week with her presence—and another jaw-dropping Savage x Fenty runway show. The singer-turned-designer presented her latest collection of lingerie with a full-on SHOW at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. With several musical performances (including from Halsey, Migos, and even Rihanna herself) and a star-studded front row, it's safe to say Bad Gal RiRi has triumphantly de-crowned the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show—and she did so with a diverse runway celebrating women of all sizes.    If you're wondering why you haven't seen any photos or videos from the runway show yet, it's because there was a strict no-phone policy for all attendees. Guests had to place their phones in locked cases to avoid any leaks or video footage from the runway since it will be streamed on September 20 via Amazon Prime Video.  Along with some of your favorite models—from Gigi and Bella Hadid to Cara Delevingne, Joan Smalls, and Slick Woods—a number of celebrities walked in the Savage x Fenty show. A mix of singers, actors, and dancers including Normani, Laverne Cox, 21 Savage, Paloma Elsesser, and Aquaria took the runway—which featured choreography by Parris Goebel. There was an emphasis on body movement and dance, as opposed to a traditional catwalk strut. "I love how she makes everything sexy despite society's ideal of what sexy looks," Rihanna told BoF in an interview after the show. "I don't care about any skinny Victoria's Secret model when I look at Parris. I want to be that woman on the inside. I want to feel that confident, I want to feel that bombastic … that is the Savage brand."  wow this was legit one of the most memorable nights of my entire existence. thank you to the queen herself @badgalriri for allowing me to be a part of HISTORY!!!!! YOU SET THE BAR YOU HEAR ME ✨ I love you beyond. shit can’t nobody tell me nothing. Thank you GOD A post shared by  Normani (@normani) on Sep 10, 2019 at 8:04pm PDT The runway event was topped off with a lineup of A-list musical performers including Migos, Halsey, DJ Khaled, Fabolous, A$AP Ferg, Big Sean, and even Rihanna herself. The performances were dispersed throughout the show.  But they weren't the only A-listers in attendance. The front row and red carpet were filled with celebrity attendees—including Kacey Musgraves,  Hailee Steinfeld, Vanessa Hudgens, Chanel Iman, Candace Swanepoel, Chris Rock, Diplo, Ashley Graham, Kehlani, Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Monica, Lil Kim, Lisa Rinna, Skrillex, La La Anthony, Iskra Lawrence, and Saweetie.  Rihanna's latest collection is already live and available to shop online at Amazon Fashion. The new pieces include bra and underwear sets, as well as bodysuits, sexy lingerie, tank tops, and slips. Sizes range from 32A to 42H and XS to 3X. Rihanna's Savage x Fenty show will stream on Amazon Prime Video Friday, September 20. The event will be available to watch only on Amazon's platform, so if you don't have an account, either borrow a friend's password or sign up for a 30-day free trial.
 "Can I please cover my butt?" In a revealing new interview with PORTER magazine, supermodel Gisele Bündchen talked about everything from her marriage to Tom Brady, to her infamous break-up with Leonardo DiCaprio. Bündchen also discussed her incredible career with Victoria's Secret, and the clauses she had when wearing the brand's often-skimpy clothing. Bündchen—who was the highest-paid model in the world for 15 consecutive years in a row—signed a contract with Victoria's Secret when she was just 19.  Per The Independent, Bündchen got personal in her book, Lessons: My Path to a Meaningful Life. She revealed, "For the first five years, I felt comfortable modeling in lingerie, but as time went on, I felt less and less at ease being photographed walking the runway wearing just a bikini or a thong. Give me a tail, a cape, wings—please, anything to cover me up a little!"   In the model's new interview with PORTER magazine, Bündchen confirmed her growing unease with wearing revealing clothes. She explained, "I was always a person who asked, 'Can I please cover my butt?' In the studio I don’t mind, it’s very controlled. But if you’re on a runway, god knows. So, you’ll notice, I usually had a little skirt or cape to wear. They were always very kind and accommodating when I said I did not feel comfortable." Speaking of her impressive credentials, the supermodel credits her success to her hard work: "I don’t know how I would have achieved anything in my life if I didn’t have discipline. Discipline is my best friend!" SUBSCRIBE
 Bazaar's Editor-in-Chief reminisces on her relationship with the late fashion photographer. Yesterday the world lost one of its most gifted photographers, my friend and longtime collaborator Peter Lindbergh. Over the years, Peter created dozens of iconic images and award-winning portfolios for Harper’s Bazaar. My favorite one, a hauntingly beautiful image of Amber Valletta dressed in a white tuxedo with oversize angel wings walking through the streets of New York, currently hangs in my lobby. His instantly recognizable photographs, which intimately captured the very essence of his subjects, were—and will always remain­—among the most arresting and seductive images ever.  One of the greatest aspects of my job is that I am able to collaborate with living legends, people who were my heroes as I came up through the ranks as a young editor. Peter Lindbergh was—from the beginning—right up at the top of my list, and I am forever grateful to Stephen Gan for introducing me to Peter all those years ago. Peter had an incredible warmth about him, which charmed everyone who came into his orbit (yes, even Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, who posted her own glowing tribute to Peter on Instagram this morning). We had a long-running joke between us about my “passion for blue skies and smiles.” He was, of course, known for his moody black-and-white photography. But as it turned out he was able to give me—and Bazaar—the best of both worlds: images that were at once evocative and jubilant; images that made us smile and pause to wonder.    My relationship with Peter was both personal and professional, as we became great friends over the years. One of my favorite memories is sitting around his kitchen table during the collections—enjoying the most delicious food cooked by his wife, Petra—while we brainstormed ideas until four in the morning. I had to be at my seat in the front row by nine the next morning, but that never stopped us: It was our ritual, and he loved it.  Nobody could make a woman look and feel more beautiful in front of a camera than Peter.Glenda Bailey  Time and again, I would present him with the most outrageous ideas and he would somehow find a way of turning them into iconic imagery. One of our most memorable projects involved Chloë Sevigny, who we convinced to pose in a cautionary portfolio entitled, “They Tried to Make Me Go to Rehab.” The 2007 shoot underscored the exploitative coverage of the tabloid media at a time when many celebrities seemed to be going off the deep end with increasing frequency. Fashion photography, like any other art form, is meant to reflect its moment in time. And with this story, like so many others Peter produced for us, he knew how to capture the zeitgeist with his lens like no other.   Nobody could make a woman look and feel more beautiful in front of a camera than Peter. For our September 2009 issue, before it was trendy to do so, he shot a portfolio of supermodels without makeup. To this day, it is one of our best-performing stories online. And who could forget his jaw-dropping photo of Kate Winslet hanging off a scaffold high above Manhattan?   Whether he was shooting Ellen DeGeneres as the first female president in 2004 or his own wife with model Angela Lindvall in a peace-themed fashion portfolio, Peter had a remarkable ability to transport the viewer to a place of fantasy and imagination. There was a gentle seduction to his work that will live on in our hearts and minds forever.  I will miss you, my dear friend Peter. May your days be filled with endless blue skies and smiles.   
 They bring that Balmain "troublemaker" glamour you're after. Balmain's Fall 2019 runway was inspired by the idea of the "troublemaker," and we can't think of two things that represent that idea better than black leather and friend-of-the-house Cara Delevigne. With that mood in mind, Olivier Rousteing, creative director of Balmain, and supermodel Delevingne collaborated to create three new Balmain bags–two of which drop today. "Cara is also the star [of the campaign] because it's clear to everyone that she is the embodiment of the Balmain rebelle—the self-assured troublemaker with an invigorating, new type of rebellious spirit," Rousteing explained. "Cara reflects the strong and confident attitude of the women of my generation, women who are not content to simply push back—instead, they revel in pushing forward, (while making sure to push every single button along the way)."  Rousteing said he was partly inspired by Delevingne's spirit, as she seemingly leans into life's paradoxes effortlessly. "She's got attitude; she is a troublemaker, and she doesn't care,” Rousteing said. "She's defiant, but she is a paradox: She can be sweet and romantic too; she can be an angel, or she can be a devil. She cannot be categorized." The three bags—the BBag (which launched May 23), the Romeo and the Twist—also mark the first collaboration between Rousteing and Delevingne. Still, Delevingne has long held ties with the luxury brand, having previously opened shows and posed in campaigns. Though all three bags feature quilted black leather and gold accents, each maintains an arresting identity of its own. The BBag is effortless yet elegant. The Romeo is intimidating yet whimsical. The Twist is quaint yet empowering. To want to be two different things at once, this Rousteing-Delevingne collaboration seems to suggest, is not at all impossible. 
 From all the celebrity sightings to the collection inspiration.  Tonight, Riccardo Tisci closed out London Fashion Week with his third collection for Burberry. From the star-studded front rows to theme of the collection, below are a few takeaways from the evening.  Since taking over Burberry in 2018, there's been one noticeable difference about the Burberry shows—no celebrities. Burberry was always known for drawing scores of iconic British names like Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Eddie Redmayne and many more. Even Riccardo Tisci himself was known for having a stellar front row while designing for the house of Givenchy, Kim Kardashian was often sitting front row.  This season, Tisci finally extended the invite to some famous fans and notable newcomers. We spotted British singer Dua Lipa, and boyfriend Anwar Hadid (whose sisters walked the show), and Euphoria's breakout star Hunter Schaffer. Spanish songstress Rosalia made her fashion week debut at the show— the singer recently hit the VMA's stage in custom-Burberry, so it was little surprise that she showed up for Tisci's show. R&B singer Brent Faiyez, British actress Naomi Scott, FKA twigs and Carla Bruni were all present for the Spring 2020 catwalk.  2. The collection's theme was "evolution" Tisci continues to mine the archives to help shape the future of this new era at Burberry. "My first year at Burberry was about understanding and refining the new codification for the house. With that foundation in place, I feel ready to start exploring what’s at the heart of this incredible brand. Tisci wants to honor founder Thomas Burberry for the innovator he was, but also the dreamer and romantic.  As we've seen in the last two seasons, Tisci still presented two different sides to the Burberry story—the refined pieces for the woman who means business and the relaxed side for the streetwear enthusiasts. This season the transition felt a little more seamless as the business-ready monochrome suiting and neutral dresses made room for thigh-grazing shirt dresses and contrasting two-pieces.    One of London's coolest models of the mid-aughts had been in runway retirement until tonight. The last time Deyn was seen on a runway was back in 2015 for Saint Laurent, she often worked with the former creative director Christopher Bailey during her heyday so it seems only right for her to make a return on the Burberry runway.    After skipping New York Fashion Week, Jenner made her fashion month debut at the show with blonde locks. It's unconfirmed whether it's a wig or not, but we wouldn't be surprised if she got inspired by her best friend Bella.  When is a white dress more than just a white dress? There were a few noticeably romantic ivory dresses in the lineup that we could envision for only the coolest of brides, especially this white sheath with crystal mesh overlay and a feathered tail that invoked a unicorn vibe.
 A conscious packing list to restore your mind, body, and soul.  A tropical wellness retreat is not your average beach vacation, but this fashion, beauty, and health packing list will ensure you are fashionably fit and fully prepared. Get the most out of your escape with these wellness retreat must-haves.  You'll likely be treated to trendy adaptogenic elixirs on a wellness retreat, however, be prepared with these serving-size packets from Moon Juice that aid to balance your body and cater to all of your wellness needs and beyond.  Moon Juice sample box, $38, amazon.com SHOP Sip your matcha, coffee or adaptogenic elixir in sustainable style with Stojo's collapsible mug made out of food-grade silicone and equipped with a flexible, reusable straw. Fill it to the brim with a wholesome beverage and then break it down into a compact cylinder so you can save space for your other travel essentials.  Stojo collapsible mug, $15, amazon.com SHOP When it comes to sleep, it's all about quality — and it's no different when it comes to our slumber accessories. Slip into a relaxing sleep with this 100% mulberry silk eye mask.   Ethical Silk Co. eye mask, $35, ethicalsilkcompany.com SHOP This portable workout essential kit has everything you need to refresh post-workout or -plane. The sustainably-sourced cotton bag contains four of Yuni's best-sellers: shower sheets, flash-bath foam, chillax muscle recovery gel and revitalizing body mist.  Yuni refresh-and-go kit, $32, sephora.com SHOP Whether you're looking for self-discovery or not, it's always wise to bring a journal on your travels. Regardless, this aqua-blue-lizard-embossed pick from Sloane Stationery is bound to strike up some inspiration.  Sloane Stationery, $23, amazon.com SHOP Shield your skin from aging and wrinkles with this red-hot long-sleeved swimsuit that provides optimal protection, without sacrificing style.  Cover swim swimsuit, $190 coverswim.com SHOP Multifunctional pieces are key when traveling. Pick up this tribal pareo that can be used as a sarong, shawl or even as a beach blanket. Yanvalou pareo, $94, maisondemode.com SHOP Take your hydration to the next level with this crystal-infused water bottle from VitaJuwel. This particular gem pod is their "wellness" mix that includes amethyst, rose quartz, and clear quartz stones to optimize your wellbeing.  Vitajuwel crystal water bottle, $78, amazon.com SHOP Shop this collapsible nylon tote that is equipped with plenty of pockets so you can separate your fitness gear from your personal belongings. We love the sleek black, but you can also choose from a feminine blush or statement metallic. Caraa tote, $150, nordstrom.com SHOP Feel strong and lean in these compression leggings that accentuate your body in all the right places. With a waist-band pocket and four-way stretch capability, these are amazing whether you are off to a fitness class or simply exploring.  Outdoor Voices leggings, $90, outdoorvoices.com SHOP This lightweight linen skirt is ideal for a beach-to-town look that is ultra-flattering with a high-waist and a-line cut. The linen is quick-drying so you can even wear it over your bikini post-beach.  Fanm Mon skirt, $295, fanmmon.com SHOP Prevent jetlag, calm nausea, and restore your senses after a long day of travel with this herbal travel tonic composed of organic ginger root extract, eleuthero root, lemon peel, and sheep sorrel. Dr. Singha's travel tonic, $17, amazon.com SHOP Always bring a swimsuit no matter where in the world you are going. Opt for a one-piece with a twist like this sexy swimsuit from eco-conscious Australian brand, All Sisters — just wait until you see the plunging back. All Sisters one-piece, $122, allsisters.com SHOP Pack a hydrating mist for those long travel days where one refreshing spritz can work wonders for your skin. This pick comes equipped with rejuvenating aloe — great for post-sun repair and plane refreshes. Odacité repair mist, $39, nordstrom.com SHOP This woven straw bag is as versatile as it gets — perfect for travel. Not only does the classic khaki color match with your entire wardrobe, but the cross body strap detaches to create a cute handbag.  Clare V. bag, $175, netaporter.com SHOP Always pack a fun and festive day-to-night piece. This Amur dress makes a statement no matter what kind of shoe you're wearing — from classic white sneakers to sandals or heels.  Amur dress, $548, amazon.com SHOP Hydrate and protect your scalp at the beach, pool, or on-the-go with this refreshing organic hair mist that's packed with antioxidants and SPF 30. Coola scalp mist, $26, sephora.com SHOP Opt for a skort rather shorts next workout for an athleisure style with a feminine flair. Outdoor Voices skort, $65, outdoorvoices.com SHOP Keep your mind and body at ease with this pocket-size essential oil roll-on that includes fresh notes of fennel, peppermint and calming lavender. Vitruvi balance aromatherapy oil, $38, revolve.com SHOP Try retro oval-shaped sunglasses for a modern '90s-inspired style that will amp up the cool factor of any look. Le Specs sunglasses, $69, shopbop.com SHOP Prep your skin for an active day in the sun with this vitamin- and antioxidant-rich sunscreen that's water resistant and infused with organic jojoba and essential oils.  Juice Beauty sport sunscreen, $16, dermstore.com SHOP Made out of flexible eucalyptus tree fiber, these trainers are the best airport companion that are comfortable, breathable, but still have substantial support. All Birds shoes, $95, allbirds.com Work up a sweat in this supportive v-neck sports bra that is the perfect balance of fashion and function.  Vyayama sports bra, $115, vyayama.com SHOP It's always wise to bring one nice number for an elegant dinner or night on the town. This slinky ethical silk dress by Silk Laundry is loose, yet fitted in the waist, for a casual luxe look — ideal for a warm-weather getaway.  Silk Laundry dress, $245, silklaundry.com.au SHOP Who knew going green could look so chic? Lower your carbon footprint by purchasing these metallic sandals made from innovative, vega, bio-based soy materials.  Third Oak sandals, $30, explorethirdoak.com SHOP Go eco-luxe with this bamboo-blend biking short that is moisture-wicking and smooths over curves to show off your flattering figure.  Miakodo athletic shorts, $72, miakodonewyork.com SHOP Make sure to bring a sizable day bag that you can tote around while you explore This graphic Chila Bag is handmade and the perfect size to hold all of your daily essentials.  Chila maracaibo bag, $170, chilabags.com SHOP
 Old Hollywood is new again. Today's top models wear designs (and diamonds) befitting a Monroe or Bacall or Hepburn. With a 2019 twist, of course. Hailey Bieber in Gucci & Dior Hyunji Shin in Celine by Hedi Slimane & Chanel Emily Ratajkowski in Valentino & Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello 
  Anok Yai in Balenciaga & Fendi Winnie Harlow in Givenchy and Versace 
  Krow in Louis Vuitton, Anok & Hyunji in Marc Jacobs, & Cara in Prada    Taylor Hill in Calvin Klein 205W39NYC & Max Mara 
   This article originally appears in the March 2019 issue of Harper's BAZAAR, available on newsstands February 19. GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR   Sittings Editor: Ron Hartelben; Sittings Assistants: Daniel Gaines and Lauren Fern; Casting Director: Evelien Joos; Hair: Akki; Makeup: Kanako Takase; Manicures: Mei Kawajiri; Producer: Hannah Huffman; Production Assistants: Leo Chang, Carlos Garcia, Rebecca Liu, and Rebecca O’D™wyer; Set Designer: Philipp Haemmerle; Digital Technician: Chad Meyer; Lighting Technician: Lars Beaulieu; Photo Assistant: Kotaro Kawashima; Location: Highline Stages: NYC.
 You're going to want to move into The Curated NYC.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Christian Siriano is known for his swoon-worthy red carpet gowns, so it's not a total surprise that his New York boutique, The Curated NYC, is equally as swoon-worthy itself.  Nestled in a stunning Midtown townhouse, Siriano's first concept store offers up a luxe shopping experience that doubles as your dream home. The interiors alone are enough to pop in for a visit—with pink velvet couches, a stunning spiral staircase, and artwork you can buy straight off the walls. The eight-story space, which includes Siriano's design atelier and offices, also boasts an outdoor garden cafe.  True to Siriano's brand DNA, the store may be lined with glamorous gowns and luxe interiors, but it's an inclusive shopping experience with something for every customer and price point. If one of the designer's stunning runway looks isn't on your budget, the store carries a range of playful graphic t-shirts, handbags and accessories, and fragrances that boast affordable price tags. And along with his own namesake brand, Siriano also offers a curated selection of other brands in the store as well, including the size-inclusive label Universal Standard, which ranges from size 10 to 32.   From the fashion to the interiors to the room of breathtaking gowns, Christian Siriano's The Curated NYC is enough to make you take a break from online shopping and embrace the world of retail IRL for a change.  Or for a more affordable alternative, you can borrow Christian Siriano dresses starting at $40 and up on Rent the Runway now. SHOP CHRISTIAN SIRIANO ON RENT THE RUNWAY See more photos inside The Curated NYC below:  Christian Siriano's The Curated is located at 5 West 54th Street, between Fifth and Sixth Avenues. 
 From Coco Chanel to Marc Jacobs and Bill Cunningham, words to live by from fashion's greatest forces.  It can be difficult to articulate the power of style and fashion through words, but these icons managed to do so with quote-worthy, inspiring words of wisdom to live by. From the greatest fashion designers to legendary models and stylists, get inspired by these 50 quotes that will never go out of style.  “Fashion is part of the daily air and it changes all the time, with all the events. You can even see the approaching of a revolution in clothes. You can see and feel everything in clothes.” —Diana Vreeland "Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live." —Gianni Versace "One is never over-dressed or under-dressed with a Little Black Dress." —Karl Lagerfeld "What you wear is how you present yourself to the world, especially today, when human contacts are so quick. Fashion is instant language." —Miuccia Prada  "I firmly believe that with the right footwear one can rule the world." —Bette Midler "You can have anything you want in life if you dress for it." —Edith Head  "I like my money right where I can see it…hanging in my closet." —Carrie Bradshaw "Fashion is about dressing according to what’s fashionable. Style is more about being yourself." —Oscar de la Renta "I think there is beauty in everything. What 'normal' people perceive as ugly, I can usually see something of beauty in it."—Alexander McQueen "Style is something each of us already has, all we need to do is find it." —Diane von Furstenberg "Fashion is the armor to survive the reality of everyday life." —Bill Cunningham "When in doubt, wear red." —Bill Blass "I don't design clothes. I design dreams." —Ralph Lauren  "Fashions fade, style is eternal." —Yves Saint Laurent "Anyone can get dressed up and glamorous, but it is how people dress in their days off that are the most intriguing." —Alexander Wang "How can you live the high life if you do not wear the high heels?" —Sonia Rykiel  "In difficult times, fashion is always outrageous." —Elsa Schiaparelli "Clothes mean nothing until someone lives in them." —Marc Jacobs "You gotta have style. It helps you get down the stairs. It helps you get up in the morning. It’s a way of life. Without it, you’re nobody. I’m not talking about lots of clothes.” —Diana Vreeland "Fashion is very important. It is life-enhancing and, like everything that gives pleasure, it is worth doing well.” —Vivienne Westwood "You can never take too much care over the choice of your shoes. Too many women think that they are unimportant, but the real proof of an elegant woman is what is on her feet." —Christian Dior "Fashion is what you're offered four times a year by designers. And style is what you choose." —Lauren Hutton "The dress must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the dress." —Hubert de Givenchy "I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect, they are much more interesting." —Marc Jacobs "Fashion you can buy, but style you possess. The key to style is learning who you are, which takes years. There's no how-to road map to style. It's about self expression and, above all, attitude." —Iris Apfel "Style is a way to say who you are without having to speak." —Rachel Zoe "Trendy is the last stage before tacky." —Karl Lagerfeld "People will stare. Make it worth their while." —Harry Winston  "Elegance is elimination." —Cristóbal Balenciaga "Shoes transform your body language and attitude. They lift you physically and emotionally.” —Christian Louboutin  "Style is the only thing you can’t buy. It’s not in a shopping bag, a label, or a price tag. It’s something reflected from our soul to the outside world—an emotion.”—Alber Elbaz "In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." —Coco Chanel "We must never confuse elegance with snobbery." —Yves Saint Laurent  "Fashion is like eating, you shouldn't stick to the same menu." —Kenzo Takada  "Playing dress-up begins at age five and never truly ends." —Kate Spade "Elegance is not standing out, but being remembered." —Giorgio Armani  "The hardest thing in fashion is not to be known for a logo, but to be known for a silhouette." —Giambattista Valli "I want people to see the dress, but focus on the woman." —Vera Wang "We have this saying, Christy and I. We don't wake up for less than $10,000 a day." —Linda Evangelista  "I make clothes, women make fashion." —Azzedine Alaïa  "What’s my style is not your style, and I don’t see how you can define it. It’s something that expresses who you are in your own way.” —Iris Apfel "Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who's wearing it." —Yves Saint Laurent "Whoever said that money can't buy happiness, simply didn't know where to go shopping." —Bo Derek "Girls do not dress for boys. They dress for themselves, and of course, each other. If girls dressed for boys, they’d just walk around naked at all times.” —Betsey Johnson  "I don't do fashion. I am fashion." —Coco Chanel  "The joy of dressing is an art." —John Galliano "Luxury is the ease of a t-shirt in a very expensive dress." ―Karl Lagerfeld "Being well dressed hasn’t much to do with having good clothes. It’s a question of good balance and good common sense.” —Oscar de la Renta   "A little bad taste is like a nice splash of paprika. We all need a splash of bad taste—it's hearty, it's healthy, it's physical. I think we could use more of it. No taste is what I'm against." —Diana Vreeland "The best things in life are free. The second best are very expensive." —Coco Chanel
 The style icons are featured in Roger Vivier's new book, '#LoveVivier,' which explores the influence of fashion in the age of Instagram. Read an exclusive excerpt. Leandra Medine: Hi! How are you? It’s good to hear your voice. Ines de la Fressange: Ah, yeah, it’s fun. Where are you? Are you in New York?   L: I am. I’m in my apartment right now—it’s very hot here!   IF: I’ve spent the whole day working in the garden. I thought it would be a good office for the day, to lie out on the soil. And how are you? L: I’m good! Quite busy with work.   IF: Do you work a lot?   L: I do.   IF: We’re supposed to talk about Instagram, aren’t we?   L: Well, yes, and we’re supposed to talk about Roger Vivier on Instagram, but knowing you and knowing me, we are probably going to talk around it. IF: I think Instagram reveals a lot about people.   L: How so?   IF: Well, there are some unknown people whom I love, because of their sense of humor or choice of pictures, and some others that just show pictures of themselves in splendid hotels or luxury places, and I hate them [laughs]. Just based on these few pictures, we form our opinions and choose to follow someone but not someone else. Nowadays, everybody wants to be judged and everybody wants to show the best side of himself or herself. L: I actually disagree. Your daughters are teenagers, right?   IF: Yes.   L: I don’t know if this is true in Europe, but in the United States, we’re seeing raw, unedited footage from the younger communities. They have separate accounts, one for pretty pictures and one for “real” pictures, and often the “real” picture accounts have larger followings. They’re gravitating toward truth in a way that is quite refreshing. IF: That’s the real difference between generations. No way would my daughter put a very glamorous picture of herself on Instagram, but she might choose to share a weird or funny situation. You know, after so many years being in the magazine world, trying to take the best pictures that are sophisticated—suddenly, pictures that wouldn’t have been shown before are being seen. Because that’s what we like! L: What role do you feel Roger Vivier plays on Instagram?   IF: Roger Vivier’s Instagram is not a catalog; it is there to show the spirit of the house, sometimes I feel like we are still searching, trying to figure it out, between you and me. L: Oh, that doesn’t have to stay between you and me; everyone is always trying to figure it out. I think the trouble is that we don’t believe it’s OK to be searching, but sometimes the real beauty is precisely in the process. And showing the process! IF: You have it figured out with your sense of humor. That’s why I love what you’re doing. Fashion should bring some lightness and some fun, but the real talent is being able to have fun and show fun—and stay elegant. It’s not the easiest thing to do. L: No, it’s not. It’s all about nuance and being understated in all of your intentions. If you hit everyone over the head trying to be funny, it’s not funny at all. As a matter of fact, it can be kind of sad. But if you have a sense of humor, and you respect fashion, then it’s a completely different game. You’re not making fun of the industry, you’re not making fun of the work, you’re just having fun with yourself and your work. Do you think that’s why you’re such a good fit at Roger Vivier? Because you bring that essence, that sense of humor, and that joviality with you to your work? IF: Well, I’ve been here since the beginning and when we started there was no administration; it was just like Steve Jobs working in a garage, nobody could imagine it. And when we did the opening of the shop, we hired an agency to organize our party, and they asked me, “Would you like to have limos to go and fetch celebrities?” And I said, “No! They’re used to limos,” so we sent them checkered cabs and double-decker buses. I found that to be more luxurious. L: That must have given the brand so much soul.   IF: “Dare to be different”—that’s my motto.   L: Do you use social media yourself?   IF: Yes, I have an Instagram account. But I don’t go there regularly. Sometimes people complain, saying I should post more pictures of myself. L: Why don’t you?   IF: Sometimes I put up vintage pictures, and I say something like, “This is my grandma in the twenties or the thirties,” and people will say, “Oh! She looks just like you. It’s amazing!” And it’s actually just a picture of me. There’s no need to be too precious or pretentious with social media; the photos come and go so quickly. But I have learned that the most successful pictures are those of dogs or flowers. So I put up dogs and flowers. But never really myself in the bathroom making a selfie. L: That’s the other nuance of social media—or it’s not just social media, it’s life. You can’t be anything that you’re not. That’s how a lot of this conversation starts. And it’s ironic because Instagram is all about presenting a perfect life, and yet, we know from anthropological history, from having souls and being people in the world, that it is dissatisfying and challenging to succeed if you’re trying to be someone you’re not. Whom do you follow on social media? IF: I like to know what’s going on in the fashion world. I follow editors and writers and some photographers, but a lot of unknown people as well. L: What do you find that you use Instagram for?   IF: There are fashion shows that I don’t go to, but it’s nice to see how they looked, which we see immediately, so I use it to see the events I was not at. Other times it can be for inspiration. I follow a lot of people that put up vintage pictures of films and actors and some people that make drawings of comics. But I’m not really a maniac about Instagram, it’s not my life like it is for some people. For some reason, I always feel bad showing the things I’ve been doing, but I know that each time I put up a Roger Vivier handbag or a pair of shoes, people love them. And it’s very funny to see the reactions, because sometimes I find that I put things quite simple but it’s the shoes or the boots I’m wearing, that I perhaps find too simple for Instagram, that people like the most. L: Why, then, in your opinion, should a consumer buy Roger Vivier shoes?   IF: Well, if you’re only wearing white jeans and a navy blue sweater, or a cotton button-down shirt, you put on any pair of Roger Vivier shoes, and they transform the look. It’s not very easy to find shoes that are at the same time trendy but not boring and still elegant. The other day our stylist was here and she gave me some white jeans and a peacoat, then boots with a small heel, and the outfit was interesting because of the boots. The good thing about Vivier is that you don’t need a lot to look good. And it’s magic! You give them to your mother, she’s going to look great. Give them to your best friend, she’s going to look great, too. But then again, we’re all moody. Sometimes, we want to be in all black, and other times we want to wear the most sophisticated, crazy-colored shoe. And many women I know are like this; we want one thing then the opposite. With Vivier, it’s a twist, a mix of both of these sides that we have. It’s like the final touch. You can almost compare it to perfume—some people are sensitive to it, some people are not, but it makes a big difference. L: These are such great stories! Do you ever use social media to tell them? IF: In a way, yes, I never want our social media to look like a catalog. It should always represent the feeling, mood, and attitude of our company. It’s exactly like making a present for people who like art. The purpose is not to sell the thing we’re showing, but to capture the atmosphere of the house. #LoveVivier, a tome in honor of iconic brand Roger Vivier, published by Rizzoli, explores fashion in the digital age and goes on sale at the end of this month.  
 "Are you wearing...the Chanel rain boots? Yeah, I am."  Leave it to Karl Lagerfeld to make dressing for a torrential downpour something to look forward to. Today, at Chanel's Spring 2018 show in Paris, the designer unveiled a collection filled with clear PVC rainwear—from bags to hats to caped ponchos. But it was the clear boots topping off every single look that really stole the show.  Ranging in height from mid-calf to over-the-knee, the high fashion rain boots feature the brand's signature cap-toe in both white and black. Paired with everything from tweed mini skirts to culottes, suits, and ruffled gowns, the boots proved their versatility in a wide-range of looks hitting the runway.  Of course, the rainwear came in handy for models at the show—who walked down a runway featuring cascading waterfalls. Embracing the calming backdrop of nature, this season's set included giant cliffs, mossy green trees, and serene waterfalls.  A paradise at #ChanelSpringSummer! Bravo again @karllagerfeld @chanelofficial 👏 A post shared by  Liu Wen 刘雯 (@liuwenlw) on Oct 3, 2017 at 4:34am PDT  Watch the water falling, falling ... at Chanel A post shared by  Suzy Menkes (@suzymenkesvogue) on Oct 3, 2017 at 4:01am PDT This is one way to embrace April showers.
 And introducing her debut bag collection of minimal masterpieces.  Jenni Kayne is more than just a designer, she’s a lifestyle mogul that’s changing the way we approach fashion and personal style.    What inspires your designs?California. Nature. Travel. Landscapes. Architecture. I like the idea of warm minimalism. I like whole, natural fabrics and materials that are made to be worn and lived in. I’m inspired by strong women who dress well all the time, while never sacrificing their comfort for the sake of fashion. I really believe in living well and taking time to slow down in order to take care of our bodies and minds.  Describe the Jenni Kayne brand and aesthetic.There’s an earthiness and effortlessness to everything that I design and curate which feels very California, but the brand and my aesthetic is very classic at the same time. I believe in investing in quality over quantity and so a lot of the items are done in neutral colors that can be worn in a number of ways, season after season. Layering beautiful textures is something that defines the Jenni Kayne look, but since everything is quite pared down it has a minimalist, modern feel. Who do you envision wearing your designs?Woman of all ages who really live in their clothes and don’t want to sacrifice style for comfort—or vice versa. We appeal to women who want classic, effortless staples they can use to create a personal uniform. What made you decide to create a line of bags?I’ve always wanted to make handbags but wanted to wait until the right time. Our brand has hit an amazing stride over the last couple of years and we knew this was the moment for it, creatively and otherwise. There are a lot of beautiful bags on the market right now but nothing this streamlined, with this quality, at this price, in these colors.   Favorite style icons?There are too many to name! I’ve always loved Jane Birkin and Lauren Hutton. I think they both proved that simple, effortless style can also be sexy, personal and interesting. They made the idea of “less is more” exciting. Lifestyle philosophy?I really believe in living well and taking time to slow down in order to take care of our bodies and minds. I think that means paying attention to our health, diet and spiritual well-being and appreciating the small details in life. Being mindful of what you put in and on your body, how the table is set and the bed is made, and how your clothes feel against your skin and what they do to highlight your form—these are the small details that actually make life richer and more joyful to me. They are little ways of showing gratitude and celebrating how lucky we are to be alive. How has your style changed over the years?I think becoming a mother forced me to come up with a uniform that reflects my personal style as well as my lifestyle. I love that it takes the effort out of getting dressed every day and forces me to find ways to feel sexy without automatically reaching for high heels, or feel dressed up without necessarily wearing something form-fitting. It’s one of those challenges that makes your style more interesting, cooler and more comfortable too. What empowers you?The idea of living life to the fullest always inspires me. You never know what tomorrow brings. I try to stay in the moment, stay positive and allow myself to feel grateful every day.  Soothing feverfew tea relieves headaches and calms anxiety. Learn how to make your own using ingredients from your garden on #ripandtan A post shared by  Jenni Kayne | Apparel & Home (@jennikayne) on Mar 28, 2017 at 3:57pm PDT Describe a typical, off-duty weekend for you.A hike with my kids and husband and two labradoodles, Chachi and The Dude. A big family brunch, which is my favorite meal. Riding with my daughter Ripley. A nap or just laying around and taking time to relax. Cooking at home—I love to cook. What can we expect from future Jenni Kayne collections?This winter we are launching our first home collection, which I am thrilled about. It’s a natural extension of the brand; decorating and interior design is a passion of mine and we carry numerous talented home designers in the store already. Travel plans this fall?We are traveling a Jenni Kayne Airstream across the country to celebrate the launch of Jenni Kayne Home! I am really excited to join a few legs of the trip—I am particularly excited to go to Austin for the first time in October. My travel essentials for any trip are a big cashmere sweater for the plane, pouches to keep everything in my bag organized, healthy snacks for my kids, an eye mask and facial mist, and something inspiring to read. Go-to uniform?High-waisted jeans and one of my button-down shirts and mule slides. And then a nice knit if the weather calls for it. Your skincare routine?I stick with natural products almost exclusively and love hydrating products in all forms, whether it’s a cleansing balm or facial oil. For facials I see Terri Lawton and Kristina Holey. I do facial acupuncture as part of my full body acupuncture once a week with Sherri Mathews. Most memorable fashion moment?I’ll never forget all of my experiences from first starting out to my first show to the first time I saw someone I didn’t know wearing my clothes. I try to stay present or look forward both in work and personal life but I love to remember these special moments and experiences once in a while. It’s important to recognize how far you’ve come!  I try to stay present or look forward both in work and personal life but I love to remember these special moments and experiences once in a while. It’s important to recognize how far you’ve come!   Tips for layering/transitional wear in the fall?You get a lot of practice layering for transitional weather in LA and Southern California so I feel like I have it down to a science at this point. It’s really about collecting beautiful, lightweight knitwear that you can add and remove to basically any outfit as the weather raises and dips throughout the day. When it gets really cold those same knits can be worn all day under proper outerwear. Why is the ShopBAZAAR HERO so special?Like my apparel and shoe collections, I wanted my handbags to be classic and beautifully made in shapes and sizes that every woman needs. We used the most amazing Italian vachetta leather in neutral colors that would really work hard in a woman’s wardrobe. The saddle shape is a nod to my enduring love of riding and equestrian style. I think it really adds something to an outfit without distracting from the other items, or the woman wearing it. Jenni Kayne bags, $475, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 A look at Bella, Gigi, and Anwar's childhood.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Creating a supermodel is no easy feat, but Yolanda Hadid has managed to turn not one, not two, but all three of her children into successful models. A former model herself, the mom of Gigi, Bella, and Anwar is the powerhouse force behind her children's careers.  Now sharing her momager skills with the world, Yolanda is starring in a new television series, aptly called Making a Model. The Lifetime show is an 8-episode competition between six pairs of aspiring teenage models and their momagers. Featuring guest appearances from Gigi and Bella Hadid, the show will teach mothers and daughters how to successfully create and foster a modeling career.  Ahead of its January 11th premiere on Lifetime, Yolanda Hadid reflects on raising three model children of her own, sharing family photos and stories with BAZAAR.com.   
 Mark your calendars. It's official: the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is taking place in Shanghai, China, this year, and will be broadcast on Tuesday, November 28 at 10 p.m. ET/PT on CBS. The famed lingerie brand just made the announcement this morning on Instagram: Last year's installment in Paris was spectacular, but this year's show has plenty to look forward to: even more over-the-top winged ensembles, an all-star lineup of Victoria's Secret Angels (ranging from Adriana Lima to Taylor Hill), the return of new moms Behati Prinsloo and Candice Swanepoel, another sister moment from Gigi and Bella Hadid and plenty of new faces. See the full list of models here.  The countdown begins. 
 The designer has passed away at 55. Iconic handbag designer Kate Spade has passed away at 55. She was found dead at her New York City apartment this morning from an apparent suicide, according to law enforcement. She is survived by her daughter Frances and husband Andy Spade. The designer and businesswoman created her namesake handbag label in 1993 with her husband and ultimately sold it in July 2017 to Tapestry Inc. (formerly Coach Inc.) for $2.4 billion, People reports. Spade’s eponymous company responded to her death this afternoon. "Kate Spade, the visionary found of our brand, has passed. Our thoughts are with her family at this incredible heartbreaking time,” the label announced on Twitter. “We honor all the beauty she brought into this world.”   As both the fashion world and everyday fans mourn Spade’s loss, we look back at some of her best moments through the years. If you or someone you know is exhibiting warning signs of suicide, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255). Inside her New York flagship store on May 28, 1996. Posing with her own handbags on March 13, 1998 in New York. At a CFDA event in New York in 1998. At an event with her own handbags on October 9, 1998 in New York. Being interviewed in her New York showroom on November 2, 2000. At the 2001 Met Gala celebrating the opening of the 'Jacqueline Kennedy: The White House Years' exhibit. At the 2002 Ace Awards on November 5, 2002 in New York City. At the Sisters Rosensweig 10th Anniversary Benefit for Breast Cancer Research January 26, 2004 in New York City. At the The Children's Advocacy Center of Manhattan's 100 Women Against Child Abuse Gala in New York City on November 28, 2006. At a gala on November 15, 2007 at the 69th Regiment Armory in New York City. At the THREEasFOUR Fall 2008 runway show on February 2, 2008 in New York City. At the 2007 Met Gala. At the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund on November 17, 2008 in New York City. Posing in a black dress, heels, and pendant necklace in 2010. At the New Museum on May 26, 2010 in New York City. At the Tribeca Ball at New York Academy of Art on April 4, 2011 in New York City. At the a performance of Mamma Mia! on Broadway on November 9, 2013 in New York City. At the Basser Center For BRCA Benefit on November 10, 2015 in New York City. At Build Studio on April 28, 2017 in New York City.
 The brand has vowed to eliminate all virgin plastic in its apparel, shoes, accessories, and packaging by 2021.   As sustainability becomes a more crucial topic of concern in the fashion industry, Everlane is leading the way with its environmentally-conscious endeavors. Last week, the brand announced its plans to eliminate all virgin plastic from its supply chain by the year 2021 along with a new collection made from recycled plastic bottles. The collection, aptly called 'ReNew,' is now available to shop online and in stores.    "Plastic is destroying our planet and there is only one solution: stop creating virgin plastic and renew what’s already here. Companies have to take the lead and any company that hasn't made this commitment is actively choosing to not improve our environment," Everlane Founder and CEO Michael Preysman said in a statement from the brand.  Everlanes's first ReNew collection consists of men's and women's puffer coats, fleece sweaters, and parkas made from 3 million recycled plastic bottles. Prices range from $55 for a fleece sweater to $175 for a long puffer coat. According to a release from the brand, the ReNew collection will later launch new products and collections and within 5 years, 100 million plastic bottles will be recycled through the initiative. The ReNew collection is just the first step in the brand's journey towards going fully virgin plastic-free. In a press release, Everlane detailed its three-year plan to eliminating all new plastic: By the year 2021, all of Everlane's apparel, footwear, accessories, and packaging will be free of virgin plastic and made entirely from recycled alternatives.  This is hardly the brand's first foray into utilizing recycled materials, however. Last year, Everlane launched its first denim collection made at Saitex, a factory that recycles 98% of its water, runs on alternative energy, and repurposes byproducts to make bricks for affordable housing. Then in August, the brand unveiled its Clean Silk collection, another eco-friendly effort working towards growing all silk through regenerative farming, eventually dyeing and washing it with 100% recycled water and 100% renewable energy. At a time when brands across all industries are struggling to become more sustainable, it's worth taking note from Everlane's ongoing ethical initiatives. 
 It’s Prime time, baby. Being online today means to be inundated with the rapid-fire news cycle, scrolling rabbit holes, and an infinite amount of shopping choices. Should you, for instance, buy decor from Etsy or Craigslist? Seek inspiration from Pinterest or Instagram? Thankfully, there is the occasional light at the end of the digital tunnel, and Amazon’s new Personal Shopper wants to lead you to it.  Yesterday, Amazon launched Personal Shopper by Prime Wardrobe, a new kind of personal shopping experience fitting for the age of the Internet. Accessed through Amazon’s app on your smartphone, Personal Shopper sorts through more than half a million items already available on Prime Wardrobe for you. Participating brands include the likes of Calvin Klein, Levi’s, Rebecca Taylor, and Adidas. To begin, you complete a survey about your different style preferences (from which patterns and prints you like to which sizes you wear). Afterward, Amazon’s fashion stylist curates a set of recommendations, personalized according to your inclinations. From this selection, you then choose up to eight items to have shipped to your home, and you have seven days to try the garments on. You pay only for the products you choose to keep, and anything you don’t want can be returned with the provided resealable box and prepaid label.  “The more each customer uses Personal Shopper by Prime Wardrobe, the more our stylists learn about what they love, making it easy to help them find new and exciting looks to try every month,” Amazon wrote on its blog. This service, which costs $5 a month, is available exclusively to Amazon Prime members.  SIGN UP FOR PERSONAL SHOPPER BY PRIME WARDROBE
 The VS Angel clarifies her comment: "I will not take of my clothes anymore for [an] empty cause." Adriana Lima has clarified that she is not leaving Victoria's Secret, despite the now-viral Instagram she shared yesterday, in which she stated: "I will not take of my clothes anymore for a [sic] empty cause." Fans of the VS Angel wondered if Lima was hinting at retiring from the lingerie brand, but a spokesperson for the model promptly shut those rumors down.  "As Adriana mentioned in her post she received a recent offer where she was not aligned with the direction," a rep for Lima told People. "Adriana is blessed to be able to work with all of the brands she does including Victoria’s Secret." It turns out, working with Victoria's Secret was not the "empty cause" she was referring to. Instead, Lima meant to send "a message of female empowerment" with the Instagram post, People reports. The 36-year-old model has a long history with the brand, after making her VS Fashion Show debut in 1999. Just last month, she walked her 18th show with the label in Shanghai, proving she's a true VSFS runway veteran and mentor for VS rookies. Even though her fellow seasoned VS Angel, Alessandra Ambrosio, hung up her wings after this year's show, Lima assured she's not quitting anytime soon. She plans to walk at least two more shows before retiring.  "I plan to be at 20. Two more years. Maybe more, I don’t know," Lima told People last month. "It’s nature. I’m working out, I’m being healthy, so let’s see how the body is going to turn out. But I enjoy it. So let’s say 20." 
 
 The actresses reinterpret Shakespeare's Juliet for the calendar shot by Paolo Roversi. Paolo Roversi has recruited nine women—Emma Watson, Kristen Stewart, Yara Shahidi, Mia Goth, Chris Lee, Claire Foy, Stella Roversi, Indya Moore, and Rosalía Vila Tobella—to interpret the role of Shakespeare's Juliet for the Pirelli 2020 calendar. Shot in Paris and Verona over a week in May, the calendar sees them act, pose, and sing—each through her own emotion, art form, personality, character, and interpretation of the role. Although the final pictures are yet to be revealed, go behind the scenes and see the first images here.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 While walking the Tom Ford show. Kendall Jenner has given up commercial activism for a second and gone back to her day job: Walking runways with what her mama gave her. And it seems that at least for her showing at the Tom Ford show (which sister Kim also made a splash at, albeit as an attendee), she quite literally rocked a Kris Jenner look, that black ruffled pixie cut in particular. Even the sleek one-shoulder gown isn't so far off from something Kris would wear, after all. But the familial resemblance didn't stop either Jenner from posting the outfit. Kendall shared a runway snap on her Instagram:  Tom Ford A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Sep 6, 2017 at 9:04pm PDT And Kris went into mom mode, with the caption, "My beauty @kendalljenner walking for @tomford tonight! #NYFW#TomFord #SS18 #TomFordSS18 #NYC #proudmama":  My beauty @kendalljenner walking for @tomford tonight! #NYFW #TomFord #SS18 #TomFordSS18 #NYC #proudmama A post shared by  Kris Jenner (@krisjenner) on Sep 6, 2017 at 8:09pm PDT The family that dresses and looks the same together, stays together? 
From: Cosmopolitan US

 "I want to be clear. The respect that I have for my peers is immeasurable!" Update, 8/21: Kendall Jenner has responded to the backlash against her recent comments about other models in the industry. In a recent interview with Love magazine, Jenner was quoted saying she "was never one of those girls who would do like 30 shows a season or whatever the f*ck those girls do."  However, the 22-year-old tweeted this evening that her "words were taken out of context." She went on to praise her fellow models' "tireless commitment" and work ethic. "I want to be clear. The respect that I have for my peers is immeasurable!" she wrote. Read her tweets below: I was misrepresented in a recent interview over the wknd & it’s important to clarify the meaning. It was intended to be entirely complimentary but unfortunately, my words were twisted & taken out of context.I want to be clear. The respect that I have for my peers is immeasurable! I get to experience first hand their tireless commitment, their work ethic, the endless days, the lack of sleep, separation from family and friends, stress of traveling, the toll on physical and mental health, yet they still make it all look effortless and beautiful. I’m inspired by so many of these people i have had the good fortune to work alongside! There’s no way i could EVER hate on that ❤️ i want everyone to win. SLAY ALWAYS. Cultivate kindness today and always. Update, 8/20: After Kendall Jenner came under fire for her recent comments about other models in the industry, a rep for the 22-year-old star clarified her remarks to BAZAAR.com: "It’s not what she meant. The quote was taken out of context. Mid-thought she realized the number of shows some models walk a season is closer to 80. The point was that it’s their path and 'the more power to them.' She admires their hard work and dedication. It’s an accomplishment." Original story, 8/20: Kendall Jenner is facing backlash from other models after admitting she “was never one of those girls who would do like 30 shows a season or whatever the f*ck those girls do,” in reference to her own modeling career. Other runway stars are calling out the 22-year-old for her "offensive" comments, accusing the reality star of being disrespectful to hard-working models in the industry, many of whom walk several shows a season to earn money. Others are proudly sharing their struggles of working in the modeling industry. The controversy stems from a quote Jenner gave Love magazine, which the publication shared on Instagram over the weekend. “Since the beginning we’ve been super selective about what shows I would do,” Jenner said, adding: “I had a million jobs, not only catwalks but everything else.”   “Since the beginning we’ve been super selective about what shows I would do. I was never one of those girls who would do like 30 shows a season or whatever the fuck those girls do. More power to ‘em. But I had a million jobs, not only catwalks but everything else. The whole combination was very overwhelming and I started to freak out a little bit and needed to take a step back,” says the 22-year-old, admitting that she “was on the verge of a mental breakdown.” #LOVE20
 Photographer @alasdairmclellan  Fashion Editor @kegrand  Make up @ctilburymakeup  Hair @jamesspecis  Casting @bitton  Interview #MurrayHealy A post shared by  LOVE MAGAZINE (@thelovemagazine) on Aug 17, 2018 at 1:06am PDT  Several models, including Daria Strokous and Victoria's Secret breakout star Leomie Anderson, disapproved of Jenner's comments on social media.  Strokous pointed out that "'whatever the f*ck those girls do' is do their very best to make their way up AND try to make some money so that they can provide for themselves and their families," she wrote on an Instagram story.  "Oh, and it's 70 shows a season by the way and we all are f*cking proud of every single of the girls that did it," she added. She went on to post a stream of photos of models on the runway, getting ready backstage, and attending castings.  "All of that because we're f*cking fearless and working with all these designers is a f*cking dream come true and nothing compares to the 10 seconds of walking on that runway," she concluded.  Daria Strokous took her time and went 'beyond' responding to Kendall Jenner's statements in her Instagram Stories, naming and making reference to some of her runway colleagues, "We are fucking fearless" pic.twitter.com/uapCJHmuWm "I’m shocked but not surprised by this attitude," Anderson tweeted. "Not everyone gets to skip castings, get paid more than everyone else and generally work less- it’s not about being 'selective', it’s about not having to put the work in but still receiving all the campaigns and editorials." I’m shocked but not surprised by this attitude. Not everyone gets to skip castings, get paid more than everyone else and generally work less- it’s not about being “selective”, it’s about not having to put the work in but still receiving all the campaigns and editorials. https://t.co/13WsCRUNT5 Other models who voiced their disapproval included Julia Banas:  what polish model julia banaś had to say about that kendall jenner quote: pic.twitter.com/gzzOOo4y4q Faretta and Julia Ratner:  faretta & ratner are also done with this bullshit: pic.twitter.com/xFCXY9KROc Irina Đuranović:  Luma Grothe:  Leila Goldkuhl:  Leila has spoken out pic.twitter.com/k2mDaX9a7U Impy:  The backlash didn't only come from models. Some Twitter users also called out Jenner.  Kendall never had to attend castings, never had to share an apartment with like 10 other models, travel on trains from castings to castings,travel to foreign countries alone broke sometimes but makes it seem like she had this big struggle to make herself a name Does Kendall Jenner realise some girls do modelling for living and not as a hobby when they get bored of living a luxurious life from their sister’s money or Kendall Jenner runway pic.twitter.com/E7OhnkFUzn One even brought up an old clip from Keeping Up with the Kardashians, where Kris Jenner reveals she set up a meeting for Kendall with Wilhelmina modeling agency after spending two days of calling "everyone I know" to ensure her daughter ends up with "the best modeling agency possible."  other models: attend multiple castings a day, started modeling at 14 to maybe get noticed at 20, share an apartment with 6 other aspiring models, use all their money to travel for castings, work hard as fuck to get an agency kendall jenner: https://t.co/TOpTplOss2
 Meet Giovanna, the new brand that's nailing the chic Italian look.  It's officially that time of year when it feels like everyone is vacationing along the coast of Italy while you're at your desk crying (unless you're one of the lucky ones). But if you don't have a trip to Positano or Capri booked this summer, a new shoe brand is here to give you your Italian fix anyway.  In a sea of quickly passing trends seemingly tailored for Instagram, Leonora Arslani found herself looking to old photos and memories of her late great aunt Giovanna for style inspiration instead. So much so that she decided to launch Giovanna, a brand inspired by—and named after—her chic Italian aunt.  "I was named for my great aunt Giovanna (Giovanna is my middle name) and always felt connected to her," Arslani tells BAZAAR.com. "As a young girl, I would visit her seaside home in Marina di San Nicola near Rome and remember being awestruck by the beautiful, exotic items in her closet and how she effortlessly put things together. Giovanna was known for her style and uniquely independent spirit. I loved the idea of creating a collection that could reflect the elements of her closet, recreating it for modern day."   Inspired by my memory of my Great Aunt Giovanna and the admiration I've always had for her chic, effortless and collected style.  This project is the recreation of her personal wardrobe, imagined by me, through nostalgia. #thisisgiovanna A post shared by  GiOVANNA (@thisisgiovanna) on Jun 26, 2019 at 11:11am PDT Giovanna's debut collection includes a range of handwoven mules and sandals done in a mix of colors and stripes. Perfectly capturing the essence of an Italian summer getaway, the vacation-friendly footwear ranges in price from $195 to $250. While naked sandals and flip flops seem to be reigning as Summer 2019's must-have shoes, the woven mules are a pleasant disruptor to the current It shoes making the Instagram rounds.    Encompassing the spirit of Giovanna, Arslani is designing for "someone who isn’t afraid to mix things up in their closet, draws inspiration from travel, and knows that a great accessory can make an outfit."  But how does one master the art of looking just as chic as the late Great Aunt Giovanna did? Arslani explains the key, "A sense of effortlessness is important when mastering that chic Italian look for summer.  Giovanna always looked chic and put together without it seeming forced and often times that meant she would focus on one key accessory—a shoe, purse, headscarf, etc."   Though the brand's debut only includes shoes, Arslani hopes to expand into other accessory categories in the future, "I’m going to keep layering different items into the closet, adding things that I love and pulling inspiration from all aspects of my life, as long as it is something I am confident Giovanna would have worn!"   The first collection of Giovanna shoes is available to shop now at thisisgiovanna.com. 
 This will be her last VS fashion show. Adriana Lima is saying goodbye to Victoria's Secret after two decades and 18 fashion shows with the brand. The Brazilian model and VS Angel, whose name has basically become synonymous with the lingerie label, shared the news on Instagram this evening, following the first taping of the Victoria's Secret's annual fashion show. Lima, 37, is in the model lineup, but it seems this will be her last time on the VS catwalk.  She posted a video montage of her appearances in previous VS fashion shows. Her first ever was in 1999. Lima wrote a heartfelt note in the caption: "Dear Victoria, Thank you for showing me the world, sharing your secrets, and most importantly not just giving me wings but teaching me to fly. And all the ❤️ to the best fans in the 🌎! Love, Adriana 💖" Lima will go out with a bang. People reports that she'll close this year's show with a dramatic winged look, while Fashionista reports there's "a whole segment of the runway spectacular" dedicated to the model.  “I think this year is going to be the highlight of my career,” Lima told People regarding her departure. “This has been my 18th fashion show and I am still as excited as I was from the first day. I always love to be on runways and being part of the Victoria’s Secret show. [It's] my favorite to do.” Lima's exit follows that of Alessandra Ambrosio, another iconic Victoria's Secret Angel, who hung up her wings after last year's fashion show in Shanghai.  Following the 2017 VSFS, Lima said that she wanted to hit her 20-show mark before saying goodbye to Victoria's Secret. "I plan to be at 20. Two more years. Maybe more, I don’t know," Lima told People last year. "It’s nature. I’m working out, I’m being healthy, so let’s see how the body is going to turn out. But I enjoy it. So let’s say 20." Whispers of her exit swirled earlier today after model Georgia Fowler, who is walking in this year's VS fashion show, let slip that this would be Lima's final runway. "It will be her last year I think," she told Grazia. Catch Adriana's final walk when the VS fashion show airs on ABC on Sunday, December 2. Find out how to watch the broadcast here. How to Watch the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 
 “Oh, this old thing?” *sips martini* When the temperatures start to drop, there's no better way to keep warm and glamorous than in a furry coat. From candy colored pastels to animal prints and oversize belted toppers, there's plenty of statement-making faux fur outerwear to choose from for a little bit of luxury this season. Whether you're looking for a bold animal print, a sweet blush pink, or classic jet black, click through to shop the best faux fur coats at every price point.  Keep it classic with this plush neutral topper from H&M that will go with virtually everything in your closet. Animal print may be one of fall's hottest trends, but a leopard coat is timeless.  With its wooden toggle clasps, this retro cropped jacket will look perfect with a pair of jeans.  When it comes to fur, go bold or go home. This electric blue striped coat by DVF is the ultimate way to do so.  Or go for a full on blue coat that's sure to pack a style punch.  Does it get any more glam than this belted faux fur coat that looks like it's straight out of the '70s? Spoiler alert: it does not.  Keep it simple with this cropped black jacket that will last a lifetime in your winter wardrobe.  Shrimps is known for its playful coats, but this short jacket makes for a subtle way to work in some print.  Brighten up your fall and winter wardrobe with this candy colored coat that's guaranteed to make any outfit a little sweeter.  Get a head start on one of Spring 2019's biggest color trends with this cropped mustard jacket that will act as a neutral in your closet. Leave it to Off-White to give us a truly cool fur coat that still feels ultra-glam.  This retro-inspired teddy coat will instantly polish any look.  Work in a bold splash of color with this statement-making red coat.  Merging together two of our favorite fall coats—the teddy and faux fur—this classic  J.Crew topper is a wardrobe staple.  Channel your inner Almost Famous with this shaggy '60s-esque coat.  Go for an unexpected color of seafoam. This pretty pastel will break up your mostly-black wardrobe perfectly.  We've already let our tiger print obsession be known this season and this incredible coat is no exception.  Gray is one of the most underrated coat hues, but this chubby will go with all your looks while subtly standing out amongst a sea of black coats.  No matter what you wear it with, this belted double-breasted coat is instantly luxe.  A more subtle leopard, this printed coat is still swoon-worthy in every way. 
 The lingerie brand just expanded its size range to be more inclusive.   When it comes to size inclusivity, ThirdLove has been a leading force in the lingerie industry since its launch in 2013. But now, the female-led brand is out-doing itself by expanding its size range to include an astounding 78 sizes.  Launching in the brand's most-loved bra styles (including its best-selling t-shirt bra), ThirdLove's new sizing ranges from 30 - 48 in band sizes and AA - I cup sizes, for a total of 78 options.   SHOP NOW    To celebrate the new offering, ThirdLove launched a diverse campaign starring 78 women—all of different ages, sizes, ethnicities, and sexualities. Each woman modeled a different size. The new range of sizes is currently available in five of the brand's top styles: the Classic T-Shirt Bra, the Everyday Lace T-Shirt Bra, the Lace Balconette Bra, the Lace Back T-Shirt Bra, and the Cotton T-Shirt Bra.     SHOP NOW   SHOP NOW     SHOP NOW  ThirdLove is proud to now offer a total of 78 sizes, from 30 to 48 bands, AA to I cups. To capture the beauty of this moment, we cast 78 different women of all shapes, sizes, and backgrounds in our best-selling bra. Here are some of the women from our newest campaign.  𝟕𝟖 𝐬𝐢𝐳𝐞𝐬. 𝐎𝐧𝐞 𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐟𝐢𝐭. A post shared by  ThirdLove (@thirdlove) on Feb 20, 2019 at 7:27am PST     
 The trench coat is undoubtedly a classic. Worn by everyone from Jackie O to Rihanna, it knows no limits of occasion or season—and leaves room for designers to get creative. The trench coat is undoubtedly a classic—Burberry's built a business on it. Worn by everyone from Jackie O to Rihanna, it knows no limits of occasion or season—and leaves room for designers to get creative. Shop the best versions now. Georgia Tordini keeps it classic with a twist. Kamperett coat, $485, kemperett.com. SHOP Margaret Zhang knows the perfect pairing with her go-to trench is great denim. Tory Burch trench, $525, toryburch.com. SHOP Kendall Jenner goes all noir in a chic hide. Frame trench, $2,495, frame-store.com. SHOP  There are more shades of tan than we can count—find your ideal pairing like this model in London. Joseph coat, $1,595, matchesfashion.com. SHOP A subtle bit of print makes just the right statement. Gucci trench, $3,800, ShopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Keep things soft and elegant with a trench that boarders on robe territory. Sea trench, $625, ShopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Bella Hadid goes full in on a patent plaid red trench by Burberry. Burberry trench, $2,695, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Blue, in every iteration, is always a good idea. Fleur du Mal trench, $1,195,farfetch.com. SHOP Make an entrance—even on rainy days. Attico trench, $1,339, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Skip the status quo and opt for something a bit off in the best way possible. Calvin Klein trench, $2,700, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 Yes, you read that correctly.  Nobody asked for a live Barry Manilow performance of "Copacabana" at New York Fashion Week, but sometimes the universe sends us a blessing we didn't know we needed.  On the final day of Fall 2019 shows at NYFW, Manilow unexpectedly showed up on the Michael Kors runway to snatch wigs, take names, and sing your Aunt Carol's favorite drunk karaoke song. And it was incredible.    After a collection featuring Studio 54-inspired disco glamour, Barry joined Bella Hadid and Fran Summers to dance and sing "Copacabana" against a flashy gold backdrop. It's unclear how fashion shows have ever ended before this. In fact, every runway from here on out should end with a live Manilow performance. Designers, please take note.  2/13/19: Bella Hadid, Barry Manilow and Patti Hansen during the Michael Kors FW19 finale. #NYFW pic.twitter.com/4JDxv8csE8 Because you asked, Manilow wore an orange jacket bedazzled in rainbow jewels for his big NYFW runway debut. Likely a custom Michael Kors Collection design, the look was the cherry on top of a glitzy collection.  Was the vision of Barry performing "Copacabana" at a New York Fashion Week show completely ridiculous? Of course. But if designers are going to resort to runway gimmicks to get our attention, please let more of them spark as much joy as a surprise Barry Manilow performance. Now please excuse me while I go listen to "Copacabana" for the rest of the day.  
 Classic eyewear is the key to rocking throwback style in 2017 There's a palpable '90s spirit in the air. Part of what makes the decade so ripe for revival is it didn't tap into just one look. Stripped-down minimalism, rebellious grunge, and all-out glamour are some of the distinct fashion moments from that era to stand the test of time. Another thing that never goes out of style? Outfit-making glasses. Oliver Peoples has been handcrafting classic eyewear for the past three decades, with some of its most iconic styles popularized by celebrities in the '90s. In honor of the brand's 30th anniversary, we're showing you how to rock five major '90s trends in 2017―and the best glasses to wear with them.      If there's one silhouette that defined the '90s, it's the bias-cut slip dress. Streamlined and curve-skimming, a slinky slip is the perfect thing to wear when you'd rather be naked. Keep things simple with barely-there makeup and clear heels, but introduce a bit of personality in the form of pointdexter glasses that add a nerdy-chic touch. The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples O'Malley Rx SHOP Protagonist Classic Slip, for similar styles visit protagonist.com; Manolo Blahnik Scolto PVC & Suede Mules, barneys.com Pared-back minimalism may have ruled in the '90s, but the decade is equally known for its moments of fashionable excess. Think: sexy satin shirts buttoned down to there, velvet hip huggers, slick latex dresses―all of which are relevant today. Texture is key. A glossy patent skirt gives off just the right amount of vixen, while come-as-you-are curls and timeless tortoiseshell shades complete the look.  The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples MP-3 30th SHOP Are You Am I Kimia Bodysuit, areyouami.com; Tom Ford Patent Leather Side-Zip Skirt, tomford.com Our collective obsession with millenial pink is nothing new. Iridescent pastel makeup was a major phenomenon for '90s pop stars, who piled on shimmery eye shadow and frosted lipstick. Bring the look into 2017 by doubling down on one color―like powder pink―and don't forget to coordinate your eyewear with rosé-tinted aviators. The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples Rockmore SHOP Brora Cashmere Long Sleeved Crop Cardigan, brorausa.com Inspired by the middle-finger-to-the-world musicians who emerged from the Seattle scene in the early '90s, fashion designers put ripped flannels and combat boots on the runways, and the rest is history. These days, we're feeling more of a subtle, refined take on classic grunge references. A deconstructed, homespun skirt and shrunken sweater channel that rule-breaker attitude― while a killer pair of sepia-stained shades pulls it all together. The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples OP-505 SHOP Eckhaus Latta Sweater and Mini Skirt Avec Baby Blanket, shop.eckhauslatta.com Nothing's sexier than your favorite blue jeans and the perfect little white t-shirt. This tried-and-true combo has been winning us over for decades, but it was arguably the It Girls of the '90s―with their bedhead and rockstar boyfriends―who best embodied the "too cool to care" vibe. Make the look yours by knotting the tee, shaking out your hair, and adding mirrored circular sunnies that catch a glare.   The Eyewear: Oliver Peoples M-4 30th SHOP RE/DONE Hanes t-shirt and RE/DONE Levi's jeans, shopredone.com Model Khadijha Red Thunder (WOMEN), Styling by Ben Perreira, Hair by Shinya Nakagawa, Makeup by Grace Ahn 
From: CR Fashion Book

 Each woman styled the print of the season differently.  Emerging as one of fall's hottest trends, gray checked suiting separates have taken over everywhere from the street style scene to the A-list to Instagram (if you haven't seen at least 5 bloggers wearing a gray plaid blazer, you may want to consult your optometrist for an eye exam). The latest to test-drive the look is none other than Blake Lively, who opted for a gray checked Ralph Lauren suit yesterday during one of her seven outfit changes.  But the actress wasn't the first to step out in Ralph Lauren's Spring 2018 menswear-inspired suit. Back in September, First Lady Melania Trump wore the same double-breasted suit to hear her husband speak at the United Nations—making for an unexpected twinning moment.  Proving the versatility of this season's ubiquitous suit trend, Lively fully committed to the menswear-inspired look, leaving her blazer buttoned up with a matching overcoat draped on top, and accessorizing with lace-up boots, a briefcase-like Michael Kors bag, a black tie, and pocket squares. FLOTUS, meanwhile, went for a more relaxed take with her jacket unbuttoned, revealing a black blouse underneath.  The power of the power suit, indeed. 
 The show brought Mr. Valentino himself to tears.  Yesterday, on the last day of Paris Couture Week, Valentino staged a runway show reminding us all the power of dreamy, breathtaking couture gowns fit for a fashion fantasy. Featuring an astounding 63 looks, the collection designed by creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli was enough to garner a standing ovation and bring Mr. Valentino himself, who sat front row, to tears. From sweeping gowns in bold colors to ornate floral headpieces and embroidered detailing, each look was more stunning than the last. But it was Kaia Gerber's larger-than-life hair paired with a pink feathered ballgown that really stole the show.  The 16-year-old model (and daughter of supermodel Cindy Crawford) dropped jaws as she hit the runway rocking the most major hair by legendary hairstylist Guido Palau. The dramatic style, which was inspired by Diana Vreeland's 1960s Harper's BAZAAR shoots with Richard Avedon, made for the perfect top off to an already wonderfully dramatic collection.  Along with the oversized hair moment, the runway also featured several models wearing beautiful handmade flower headpieces with their couture gowns.  An intricate, cape-clad silk gown that opened the show reportedly took 1,120 hours to make on its own—illustrating the level of detailing and time Piccioli's latest collection for the fashion house took to make.   “Sogno ad alta voce”, cape with ‘Léda et le Cygne’ and ‘Narcisse’ embroidered onto it. Peau de soie, mikado, faille and lurex intarsia with shades of celadon blue and fruité red. Light blue wool combination. The first look of the #ValentinoHauteCouture #FallWinter1819 Collection designed by @pppiccioli A post shared by  Valentino (@maisonvalentino) on Jul 5, 2018 at 1:12am PDT And that was only the beginning of a series of gowns serving as the ultimate form of fashion escapism. See more of the swoon-worthy couture gowns, guaranteed to take your breath away, below.  Closing the show was model Adut Akech Bior in a striking marigold gown complete with a matching floral headpiece. It was the perfect end to a truly dream-worthy collection. 
 The model announces she won't be going to Shanghai anymore.  Set to take place in Shanghai, China, this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is less than one week away, but the highly-anticipated runway just lost one major supermodel.  Following rumors of models having issues getting visas approved for the show, Gigi Hadid announced today that she will no longer be walking the runway this year. The model took to Twitter to share the news, writing, "I’m so bummed I won’t be able to make it to China this year. Love my VS family, and will be with all my girls in spirit!! Can't wait to tune in with everyone to see the beautiful show I know it will be, and already can't wait for next year!" Though Hadid didn't offer a reason for her abrupt decision to skip the show, there is speculation that she was amongst the models experiencing issues obtaining a Chinese visa. When it was first announced she would be walking the show in Shanghai, the hashtag "#GigiGetOutOfChina" began trending on Twitter following backlash over a video in which she appeared to be mocking Asian facial features.  After coming under fire for the video, the model issued an apology on China's social media platform, Weibo. It's unclear whether backlash following the video is in any way connected to the model's absence from this year's VS Fashion Show.  Gigi's younger sister Bella, however, appears to still be walking in Shanghai. The model posted on her Instagram Story today, "Coming for you @victoriassecret!!" leading fans to think she's already en route to Shanghai. BAZAAR.com reached out to Victoria's Secret for comment and will update this space with any statement from the brand. 
 This leopard number is by cult favorite designer Ruslan Baginskiy... The bucket hat trend is at fever pitch. Fashion month brought a steady stream of Fendi, Prada, Gucci and any number of unnamed buckets on the heads of oft-photographed influencers. It's the early 2000s all over again and we're here for it. Gigi Hadid is also here for it. The mega-model posted recent selfies on Instagram in a fetching leopard bucket hat with the caption "apres ski week"—skipping the more winter-friendly and expected knit cap. She'd previously donned the printed chapeau while dancing on Insta stories in a ski lodge alongside Olivia Culpo and Taylor LaShae.  The creator of the hat in question is cult favorite Ruslan Baginskiy, better known for his baker boy caps and boaters that have graced the domes of such luminaries of Bella Hadid, Romee Strijd, Madonna, Zoe Kravitz and more.  "Ruslan was inspired by an 2000s aesthetic. Gigi was singing and dancing to Britney’s and Justin’s songs [on Instagram], which we also like," a rep for the brand tells BAZAAR.com. "Ruslan and all his team do the same after two glasses of champagne. 2000s fashion trends are returning, both in fashion and music, that’s why we made the leopard print bucket hat and we are happy that Gigi feels the same." Old Britney Spears, Justin Timberlake, and bucket hats—three things we can all get behind. Gigi's leopard print bucket hat won't be available for a few months (it's part of the designer's upcoming fall collection), but thankfully, he's been on the forefront of the trend for some time. Shop a plaid version below. We'll leave you to Spotify NSYNC on your own time.  
 The best in bijoux to show your love. For all the talk of creative gift giving for Valentine's Day the truth is you can never go wrong with a shiny bauble. Get it right with the best bijoux to say "I love you". For the French Girl in your life (or the aspiring one) this necklace with its offset diamond will have her saying je t'aime. Shy by SE diamond necklace, $125, nordstrom.com.  SHOP If you're not the sonnet-writing type, send your love with an emoji instead. May we suggest this diamond-studded version?  Alison Lou 14k gold and diamond earring, $375, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Update the traditional "diamond ring for Valentine's Day" tradition with this fun, flashy, heart-shaped version.  Alexandra Jules 18k gold and diamond ring, $2,900, alexandrajules.com  SHOP For the girl whose kiss is on your list, these ruby studs make for a smooch that really lingers.  Anne Sisteron 14k rose gold ruby earrings, $350, annesisteron.com.  SHOP Consider this dainty, wear-anywhere gold ring a daily reminder to your SO of how much you love them. Ariel Gordon ring, $350, arielgordonjewelry.com.  SHOP The person you love is the ultimate Valentine's gift, so why not put a bow on them?  Colette 18k white gold and diamond studs, $2,190, colettejewelry.com SHOP Let your love show - literally, with this shining cursive script.  Chloe brass ring, $295, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Wear your heart on your sleeve with this dainty bracelet.  Judith Jack 10k white gold bracelet, $125, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Decidedly un-girly, this heart-monitor inspired necklace is perfect for edgy Valentines.  Diane Kordas 18k rose gold and sapphire necklace, $985, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP For the one who makes your heart flutter, this dual-hearted ring's freely shifting diamond lets them know just how you feel.  Chopard 18k rose gold and onyx ring, $1,650, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Minimalists will appreciate the subtle message of these forever entwined circles.  AUrate 14k gold necklace, $380, auratenewyork.com.  SHOP Equal parts elegant and casual, this silk cord bracelet puts a modern twist on the classic tennis bracelet.  Jemma Wynne 18k gold, silk, and diamond bracelet, $5,500, jemmawynne.com.  SHOP This statement-making single earring is tailor-made for the fashion plate in your life.  Jennifer Fisher gold-plated earring, $265, modaoperandi.com.  SHOP Forget the box of assorted chocolates, how about a box of assorted baubles this Valentine's Day?  Kate Spade earrings, $69, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Sign your Valentine with a diamond-dusted kiss with this playful necklace.  Zoe Chicco 14k gold and diamond necklace, $505, nordstrom.com.  SHOP The subtle-heart shape of this two-finger ring is like your own secret romance.  KatKim 18k rose gold, ruby, and sapphire ring, $1,980, katkimfinejewelry.com.  SHOP This delicate, pearl bedecked heart pendant is the ideal decoration for understated romantics.  Little H 14k gold and pearl necklace, $432, littlehjewelry.com. SHOP Valentine's-y enough for February the 14th, fun and funky enough for the other 364 days a year.  Roxanne Assoulin enamel bracelet set, $230 for three, modaoperandi.com.  SHOP If your Valentine is terminally allergic to sappiness, this pendant with its hidden "I Love You" (to see the full message, just spin the disk!) makes for an un-gooey but still romantic gift. Lulu DK necklace, $30.60, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Give a little love with these teensy heart-shaped studs.  Nadri 18k gold plated studs, $30, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Does your gift giving style lean toward the epic? You can't get much better than this heart-shaped locket fit for a queen.  Arman Sarkisyan 22k gold and silver locket with diamonds and rubellites, $50,000, robersonsfinejewelry.com for inquiries.  So your sweetheart's a festival queen? Opt for this '90s-but-better diamond choker.  Carbon & Hyde leather choker with 18k gold and diamonds, $1,840, carbonandhyde.com. SHOP
 Paris Fashion Week was graced with a new model today.  When it comes to avant-garde runway fashion, Thom Browne always delivers—and today's Spring 2018 collection was no exception. After moving his show from New York to Paris Fashion Week, the designer made his debut in the French capital with a splash—and a giant white lace unicorn.  Set to the tune of The Little Mermaid's "Part of Your World," the show began with two models walking the runway in misshapen embellished body suits and bubble helmets.  What then followed was a collection filled with an array of colors, silhouettes, and even a skeleton dress.  But it was the finale brigade that really stole the show. A model wearing a sheer bubble helmet and a white feathered and lace look led a larger-than-life white lace unicorn down the runway. The unicorn, guided by two male models in matching white lace looks, glided the Parisian catwalk in a moment that left attendees completely surprised.   Thom Browne's #PFW unicorn pic.twitter.com/ebMtuDepr3  How else does one end Paris Fashion Week than with a high fashion unicorn?
 NEED.  With just a few weeks left until H&M's latest designer collaboration drops, another look at the full collection is here. Last night, Erdem x H&M made its runway debut and the pieces do not disappoint. Submersed in romantic fall florals, the collection ranges from silky suiting, ultra-feminine lace, and a few must-have hoodies. Bringing elegance and romance to the fast fashion scene, Erdem Moralioglu's collection for the Swedish retailer spans beyond trendy items and into the territory of classic pieces you can rotate through your wardrobe for seasons to come. Click through to see all the looks in motion ahead of the collection drop on November 2nd. 
 We're moving into a post-home button world. As the world gears up for the release of the new iPhone 8, experts are finally letting us in on what radical changes we should expect from the company's latest attempt at creating a game-changing handset. The iPhone 8 ditches the much-loved home button, something we've been accustomed to for 7 generations of iPhone. And, with an all-glass bezel-less design (remember the horrors of smashing your iPhone 4? Yes, that's back), experts are worried Apple may have pushed away its loyal fandom.  Mark Gurman, Bloomberg's tech expert explained the highly anticipated changes: "Across the bottom of the screen there's a thin, software bar in lieu of the home button. A user can drag it up to the middle of the screen to open the phone. When inside an app, a similar gesture starts multitasking. From here, users can continue to flick upwards to close the app and go back to the home screen. An animation in testing sucks the app back into its icon."   And that's not all. Apple has given the iPhone 8 a very futuristic update with facial recognition, on such a level that the iPhone "knows it's you…and will unlock with the swipe of a thumb." Only time will tell how user-friendly Apple's new updates will be. But, if Samsung can do it (who happen to supply the iPhone 8's OLED screen), Apple is sure to make a good crack at it too.  Oh, and there's no sign of the headphone jack coming back. Sorry. 
From: Esquire UK

 Designer Brian Atwood previews the killer heels on BAZAAR.com.  The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show looks go beyond just the wings and the lingerie; there are some epic heels involved, too. For the fourth year in the row, footwear designer Brian Atwood teamed up with the mega intimates brand to create the shoes for the runway extravaganza. The result is 100 different pairs of shoes in 18 different styles.  Ahead, take a look at bold and dazzling heels the Angels and models will be wearing down the catwalk.  To catch the shoes with their full runway looks, be on the lookout for photos from the NYC taping later today, and catch the full broadcast of the show on Sunday, December on ABC.  One of the styles is a T-strap sandal featuring a multicolored floral pattern with a black heel and ankle strap. We may be nearing winter, but these heels make us want to take our spring and summer wardrobes out of storage again.  “I love that Victoria’s Secret allows you to be free to design and create ‘over the top’ styles for the fashion show,” Atwood tells BAZAAR.com. “This show is the ultimate fashion show for shoes!” In addition to the rosy red and blush pink iterations of the sandal, there's also this blue-and-green combo, for a cooler color scheme. And there's this pink and periwinkle colorway for pastel lovers. Next is a series of satin cage heels, which come in solid fuchsia, neon yellow, and black. These electric-hued pairs likely won't be hard to spot on the runway.  "The VS show has multiple stories [and] themes throughout, and we design into those themes and create what we think will be a ‘wow’ factor," Atwood tells BAZAAR.com. We wonder what theme these killer heels will be a part of on the runway. And because no fall ensemble is quite complete without a bootie, VS models will also be rocking these vibrant ankle boots on the catwalk.  Shop a similar style The stiletto, pointed-toe pairs are covered with in-your-face florals, which you can also find in the Mary Katrantzou x Victoria's Secret capsule collection. We can already imagine this fur- and feather-covered cage sandal on a fun, carefree bride. Who wouldn't want to say "I do" in a heels like these? The shoe comes in a champagne and a pink-hued style.  In the vein of its PINK collegiate line, VS shows off its sporty side with these black-and-white booties, covered in logo-printed bands.   Another athletic-inspired style includes a lace-up design, leather lining, and a white elastic panel down the side. Equal parts sporty and witchy.  There are more abstract versions of the ankle boot too. These include cut-outs and a thick ankle strap, with metallic floral embroidery stretching all the way down to the tip of the stiletto.   "It usually takes around four to six months from initial concept to final product," Atwood says of creating the footwear. "It all depends on the complexity of the design. Some shoes have over 3,000 crystals on them and over 100 hours of work." We can also expect to see this black leather lace-up bootie, complete with a stiletto heel and tasseled laces that wrap around the ankle. The boot also got a thigh-high upgrade, resulting in an extra-vampy look. We can already picture these on the catwalk with matching lace-up lingerie and perhaps a pair of black wings. Shop a similar style Angels go grunge with this patent leather over-the-knee boot, featuring a pointed heel, a plaid cuff, and two buckles for an edgy feel.
 It was the NYFW treat we all deserve.  On Day 5 of New York Fashion Week, Lela Rose gave us the greatest gift of all: a full-on dog show on the runway. To present her Fall 2019 collection, the designer enlisted the most precious cast of furry models for the "Roseminster Dog Show." The end result was just as cute as you'd expect. Each model walked the "runway" with a dog in tow as announcers Robert Verdi and Jenna Bush Hager moderated the show. Show categories included groups like "Lassies Who Lunch" and "Cocktail Companion Group."  For the most part, the Fall 2019 looks complemented the dogs that accompanied them down the runway. A standard poodle was paired with an elegant black and white cocktail dress, a corgi with a plaid, Brit-inspired coat dress, a golden retriever with a floral prairie dress.   Much of the collection itself was inspired by dogs, too. There were dresses and suits featuring a black and white dog print that was surprisingly chic and an oversized camel coat emblazoned with the subtle print of tiny greyhound dog silhouettes. "The inspiration for this collection struck when I happened upon an antique dog cameo button, but my four-legged friends have long been a lovable influence,” Rose wrote in the show notes.     But along with staging an adorable dog show, the collection will also give back to animals in need. The brand announced a portion of proceeds from its Fall 2019 pieces will be donated to the ASPCA.    A dog show and a fashion show all in one? This is the New York Fashion Week we all deserve.  
 Scrunchies are back and better than ever.   Co-founded by sisters Danielle Snyder and Jodie Snyder-Morel in 2008, NY-based brand Dannijo has become synonymous with statement jewelry and vintage essentials. And with 10 years of experience, the brand is evolving to include their own collection of ready-to-wear and unique must-haves, like playful '90s-inspired scrunchies, sleek slip dresses and wow-factor tops. We talked to the sisters about the exclusive ShopBAZAAR Hero, their biggest hurdles running a business and what it takes to make it. What inspired the beginnings of the brand?We grew up in Jacksonville, Florida. Our dad is a cardiologist and we used to play with his medical tools as kids and eventually started making intricate jewelry with them. We’ve always loved accessorizing with statement jewelry—we used to play in our mom’s wardrobe, which led to our love for all things vintage.Signature Dannijo design trait?Bold, vintage-inspired, statement designs…lots of layering, metal and crystals.What makes the ShopBAZAAR Exclusive so special and the perfect holiday gift?Floral and lamé scrunchies are our favorite hair accessories to take you from day to night—they always add a touch of glam and playfulness. It completes a look; whether it’s worn in your hair or around your wrist mixed in with an arm-party. It’s also one-size fits all and seasonless, so it’s guaranteed to please.    Shop NowWhat’s it like operating a business as sisters?There’s never a shortage of passion. Every day is exciting and different. Working with each other has been such an incredible experience and we wouldn’t have it any other way. We can literally finish each other’s sentences! Biggest hurdle you had to overcome to make your business work?The ever-changing landscape requires that we constantly evolve and pivot the brand to meet the needs of our customers. As the business scales, it requires a lot more capital which can often be challenging for small businesses. We’re a sisterhood first and a brand second. Our goal is to continue to foster a powerful community and sisterhood of likeminded women who are passionate, driven and kind.  How do you see your brand growing?We’ve grown tremendously over the last decade and there’s a lot of history. We’re expanding into ready-to-wear which is giving us the opportunity to really showcase how we see our jewelry being worn and styled. It’s enabled us to add a whole new layer to the brand and really bring it to life in a powerful way.Powerful words of wisdom you received?Trust your gut and follow your passion.Favorite style icons?Kate Moss, Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy, Jane Birkin, Elizabeth Taylor and Lauren Hutton. 5 words that describe the Dannijo customer?Dynamic, confident, soulful, stylish and kind. What sets Dannijo apart?We’re a sisterhood first and a brand second. Our goal is to continue to foster a powerful community and sisterhood of likeminded women who are passionate, driven and kind. We want our community to feel beautiful on the inside and outside and lead with confidence.
 Velvet weather is finally here. November kicks off the dark, cold months, but look on the bright side: with dropping temperatures comes some seriously soft wardrobe additions. Here, our favorite pieces to bundle up as the holidays approach, made from suede, velvet, cashmere and beyond—so you'll stay chic and warm, without that whole snowman-in-the-street look. 'Tis the sartorial season, after all. An oversized cardigan is the ideal staple—wear it as a jacket when the weather is suitable or layer it under a heavier down coat for those frigid days.  Burberry Wool-Blend Cardigan, $1,595, net-a-porter.com shop Over-the-knee boots are eternally flattering—a block heel elongates your legs even more when worn with dresses and skinny jeans alike. Stuart Weitzman Suede Boots, $800, net-a-porter.com shop Luxurious purchases shouldn't stop at clothing. Reach for a slouchy suede shoulder bag to round out any subzero outfit.  Little Liffner Suede Shoulder Bag, $330, net-a-porter.com shop A leather jacket is perennially stylish, but shearling lining and an asymmetric silhouette take it up a notch. Wear this one over a neutral top and high-waisted pants. Rick Owens Biker Jacket, $4,230, net-a-porter.com shop The classic knit gets an upgrade with geometric fringe. Layer it with a turtleneck for an extra bit of comfy. Alanui Cashmere Sweater, $2,090, net-a-porter.com shop Ankle booties in a bold hue will be your go-to this season; sleek velvet lends a rich, plush look. Aquazzura Velvet Ankle Boots, $825, net-a-porter.com shop The '80s aesthetic is back, with a modern twist. Pair a chunky jumper with slimming denim for the perfect cozy combo. Chloé Wool and Cashmere-Blend Sweater, $1,850, net-a-porter.com shop A celestial beanie is the playful accent you've been searching for. Ultra-soft cashmere will keep your ears warm, even in the snow.  Chinti and Parker Cashmere Beanie, $205, net-a-porter.com shop Nothing sends a chill down the spine like icy feet. Go for versatile shearling boots with thick wool socks to keep them toasty.   Prada Shearling-Lined Suede Boots, $1,100, net-a-porter.com shop Fur is out, but the dramatic evening coat is most certainly not. This velvet version is an elegant alternative.  Isabel Marant Velvet Coat, $1,590, net-a-porter.com Shop Perfect for when you need protection from the elements but also need to keep using your phone (read: always), fingerless gloves are a lot more wearable than you'd imagine. Karl Donoghue Shearling and Leather Fingerless Gloves, $185, net-a-porter.com shop
 Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see... Versace is bringing Notorious B.I.G.'s signature sunglasses out of the archives. The late, great rapper died more than 20 years ago, but his stylish legacy lives on. Beginning today, you'll be able to cop a pair of the rapper's iconic shades in an updated frame style, with the same gold medusa design on the side.  The glasses are available exclusively at Barney's stores and Barneys.com for one month, before going on sale at additional retailers. The highly recognizable sunnies, which Biggie rarely took off, and often rapped about, retail for $295.  You'd be hard pressed to find an image of the Bed-Stuy-born rapper without the black sunglasses, which he donned in press interviews, on stage and beyond.  He even rocks the frames in his music video for hit song "Hypnotize" in 1997, where he sings "Miami, D.C. prefer Versace."  Biggie and Donatella Versace had a close relationship. The designer credits him for helping to spread the world about the Italian brand. "I think Biggie was amazing. He came to my shows in Paris many times, and we'd see each other often," Donatella told Fader in 2011. "He always used to talk so nicely about my family. I think he was so smart, so intelligent. He had such a mind. So I loved what he was doing and how he was giving people a way to know about Versace—I do think he was giving people a way to know about Versace—I do think a lot of people started to know about Versace because of him."  Biggie was one of the first hip-hop stars to regularly attend Versace’s runway fashion shows. It's not uncommon to see hip hop artists front row everywhere from Gucci to Vuitton now, but like so many trends in fashion and music—it all goes back to the Notorious B.I.G. 
 The model duo just took their friendship to a stylish new level. Kendall Jenner and Kaia Gerber have us seeing double. The models had a casual twinning moment while shopping in LA today, both sporting cropped tank tops, high-waisted pants, sneakers, and sunnies.  But even while rocking matching outfits, their personal styles shone through. Gerber channeled the '90s with a bucket hat, thick hoop earrings, tinted sunglasses, cutoff jeans, and Chucks. Meanwhile, Jenner was equal parts sexy and chic in a cutoff white tank top that teased some underboob, dark slacks with a string belt, a Louis Vuitton handbag, white sneakers, and wire frame shades. Proof that model-off-duty style is better in twos:   Gerber, 16, recently joined Jenner, 22, during fashion month when she made her runway debut this September. The two walked for designers like Alexander Wang, Marc Jacobs, Fendi, and Versace together. But the model pair started working together even before Kaia set foot on the catwalk. Last summer, Jenner made her photography debut for LOVE Magazine and shot a 14-year-old Gerber for the glossy.   me by kendall for @thelovemagazine A post shared by  Kaia (@kaiagerber) on Jul 19, 2016 at 8:50am PDT Gerber doesn't take her time with Jenner for granted. The up-and-comer has opened up about being a fan of the It Girl and consulting her for modeling advice. "I think [Kendall] does a really good job about having a life outside of [work] and staying with your friends and not separating yourself too much, so I've just kind of learned that from her," she told E!. Even her famous mom, Cindy Crawford, revealed that Gerber "loves Kendall Jenner" back in 2015. The admiration is mutual. Jenner praised Gerber for being "such a great young girl with such a good head on her shoulders," when she photographed her for LOVE. "You could say I’m a fan of hers, and I would love to see her succeed," she told the mag.  She's also aware that Gerber's on track to be the next supermodel. "Listen, were all trying to get all our work in now before she hits the scene," Jenner joked. "When that happens we'll all go broke!"
 You can finally shop Bey's Balmain Coachella looks.  Although it feels like forever in the never-ending news cycle that is 2018, it wasn't that long ago when Beyoncé transformed Coachella into Beychella with a truly epic two-hour performance. (In case you need a reminder, or just 15 minutes of pure joy, re-live the intro in all its glory below.) Making history as the first black woman to headline the California music festival, Bey used the opportunity to celebrate the culture of historically black colleges with her performance. To do so, she hit the stage in several custom college letter sweatshirts designed by Balmain. Immediately after, fans desperately searched the internet for ways to get their hands on a BAK-lettered sweatshirt. And now, we can all finally buy one.    Joining forces once again, Beyoncé and Balmain collaborated on a capsule collection of the college letter sweatshirts and T-shirts the singer wore on stage at Coachella. The six-piece collection features three T-shirts and three sweatshirts offered in black, hot pink, and bright yellow, like the one Bey wore to open her Coachella set.    But there's more to the collection than just copying Bey's on-stage look. Proceeds from the pieces will go towards the United Negro College Fund, following Beyoncé’s $100,000 donation to four historically black colleges after her Coachella set. In a statement, Balmain creative director Olivier Rousteing explained the significance behind he and Beyoncé's limited-edition collection:  The Beyoncé x Balmain collection, which ranges from $290 - $1,790, will be available exclusively at Balmain's Paris flagship store on July 13 and then available online and in select retailers starting July 14. 
 These are the standouts of the season.  It's the second stop on the fashion month tour, and there's lots to see in London this season. From Riccardo Tisci's debut at Burberry, to Victoria Beckham's 10th anniversary show. Click through for the best looks of the season. 
 Dior released its new collection of saddle bags today.  In case you somehow missed the bevy of influencers toting their Dior saddle bags on Instagram this morning, the iconic bag is officially back and available to shop starting today.   Carried by everyone from Paris Hilton to Carrie Bradshaw, the distinctly-shaped bag largely defined the fashion of the early aughts. And if you weren't lucky enough to wear the bag back in 2000, now's your chance. After slowly popping up (and selling out) on resale sites like The Real Real and Vestiaire Collective, Maria Grazia Chiuri reintroduced the Dior saddle bag on the Fall 2018 runway in newly-imagined iterations like sleek all-black leather, '60s-inspired patchwork, and of course, the logo version that ruled the 2000s.  And now, starting today, the Fall 2018 bags are finally available to shop in stores. The new crop of bags come in a range of styles and are offered in two sizes: a mini and a large (so if the ultra-tiny original versions were too small to fit all your belongings, you're in luck). Prices range from $2,350 to $8,500.  "I consider this icon of the house's recent history the perfect accessory to deal with this battle that is daily life. Indeed, the saddle bag is a bag that is worn in exactly the same way as a shirt or jacket, and it’s so comfortable to wear with its long strap that you almost forget it’s there," Maria Grazia Chiuri said in a statement from the brand.   See the full new collection of Dior saddle bags below. 
 Jaw-dropping good.  It was 2007 when Christian Siriano first made his public debut as a contestant (and later, a winner) on Bravo's Project Runway. Since then, the designer has gone on to successfully build his own fashion house—which has blossomed into one of the most inclusive, body positive brands in the industry.  To celebrate the 10 year anniversary of his eponymous brand, Siriano hosted a special show for his Fall 2018 collection today at New York Fashion Week. Featuring a whopping 72 looks, the designer's anniversary show was a breathtaking ode to diversity in fashion—filled with an array of show-stopping, Oscar-worthy gowns. Ashley Graham opened the show in a red monochromatic look featuring a plush floor-length coat and red leather over-the-knee boots.  Standing out most amongst the lineup of models was the fact that Siriano also cast celebrities to walk in the show. Actresses Danielle Brooks and Selma Blair made their big debuts on the catwalk. Blair wore a nude bodysuit adorned with cursive writings and a merlot fur stole draped across her body.  Brooks, meanwhile, made a grand runway debut showing off her ethereal blue gown with the fiercest walk and poses.  But the celeb power extended well beyond the runway and into the star-studded front row that included Whoopi Goldberg, Laverne Cox, Meg Ryan, Molly Shannon, Coco Rocha, and more.  As for the collection itself, the 72 looks comprised of dramatic tulle ballgowns, sexy patent leather, sparkling crystal-encrusted dresses, unexpected headpieces, and so much more. It was the kind of collection that needs to be seen in motion in order to get the full jaw-dropping effect, as demonstrated in the below videos:    I covered The Cranberries’ “Dreams” for the finale of @CSiriano’s 10th anniversary #NYFW show! It’s available now on iTunes. Video by @nicolettemason pic.twitter.com/IT7mMGZD6x   How to make an exit @csiriano style. ✨ A post shared by  Tyler McCall (@eiffeltyler) on Feb 10, 2018 at 2:28pm PST Though more and more designers are slowly moving towards more diverse runways including more women of color and plus-size models, Siriano was one of the designers who helped pioneer showcasing all body sizes and shapes on the runway. Today's stunning anniversary show was a reminder of that while also making it clearer than ever that Siriano is way more than just a Project Runway winner. 
 The actress debuted her baby bump in a stunning portrait for the brand.  Back in December, it was rumored, but never officially confirmed, that Kirsten Dunst was expecting her first child with fiancé Jesse Plemons. Today, the actress confirmed the news by debuting her baby bump in Rodarte's Fall 2018 portrait series.  Setting the bar high for original pregnancy announcement ideas (you won't find this one on Pinterest), Dunst cradled her baby bump in two stunning photos showcasing Rodarte's latest collection. The actress stars in the fashion house's new portrait series, which features a star-studded lineup also including Rowan Blanchard, Gia Coppola, Tessa Thompson, Grimes, the modeling debut of Ava Philippe, and more. Considering Dunst has been both a muse and a friend to Rodarte designers Laura and Kate Mulleavy for years, it makes for a fitting (and fashionable) choice for her big announcement.  In her first portrait, an expecting Dunst wears a pink, red, and white floral embroidered gown with a red and silver dotted tulle dress.    For the second image, the actress wears a tan coat with a brown bow tied around the neckline.  The child will be the first for both Kirsten and her fiancé Jesse Plemons. The couple announced their engagement in January 2017.  But Dunst's special announcement isn't the only news-worthy moment featured in Rodarte's Fall 2018 lookbook. The series of portraits also marks the fashion modeling debut of Ava Philippe, the 18-year-old daughter of Reese Witherspoon and Ryan Philippe. The teenager, who's the spitting image of her mom, wears a pink tulle gown adorned with red flowers and lace gloves.  See more of Rodarte's Fall 2018 portraits below: Chloe and Halle Bailey: Grimes: Rowan Blanchard: Tessa Thompson: Gia Coppola: Danai Gurira: Hong Chau:
 It's called chic in the heat...  The temps are rising, but the ladies at couture continue to bring the style. See who's bringing all the style off the couture runways. Couture is nothing if not a place to take a risk and wear a very fancy eye patch. When in doubt, match your dress to your hair, darling. A good lace dress is always in style.  A black off-the-shoulder top is a true summer staple. From a printed dress, to interesting shoes, and a statement hat, this is a lot of look and she wears it well. A little Dior saddle bag goes a long way. Life is better in black and white plaid and a bucket hat. Are you sensing a theme? The time is right for a good topper. It's the season of baggy jeans, get on board. The edict, keep it simple, applies perfectly here. This blogger goes full "New Look" in Dior. Try different variations on one shade to really make a look come alive.  A good white jumpsuit will solve all your summer quandaries. It's a good day when you can match your sports car to your dress. White, ruffles, and volume make for an ideal summer statement. Giambattista Valli has a bold dress silhouette dialed in. An oversized jacket for the win. A little leather in the heat didn't scare off this show-goer. We love a good turtleneck dress. A menswear inspired suit looks nothing short of smart. The fashion director of Garage knows how to mix her bold blues.  A paperbag pant and a tank are perfect for those long summer days. All good friends coordinate on occasion. We're here for a truly bold shoulder. A simple shirt dress answers so many sartorial questions. A belted dress never fails to flatter. We love a '90s vibe of a button-down undone from the bottom. See how chic a simple tee can be? A snake print takes denim cut-offs and bra top to cool places. Bucket hats continue to impress.
 These famous models had some epic runway debuts.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. You may know your favorite supermodels by their legendary runway walks, but what about the catwalk that kicked off their career? Here, see footage of supermodels on their very first runway. 
 Glam, gutsy, or ghoulish, these costumes have your squad covered. Whether your squad is the type to pull costumes from your closets or is looking to use Halloween as an "over the top" carte blanche, we've got the inspiration to get you through fright night in style. Take a cue from the spring runways and do Halloween supemodel-style. You and the crew can go glitzy in shimmering liquid metallic ensembles à la the '90s reunion that won Versace's Spring 2018 catwalk.  Rachel Zoe gown, $595, net-a-porter.com. SHOP PrettyLittleThing gown, $70, prettylittlething.us.  SHOP Can you think of a better time to embrace your inner witch (or angry schoolgirl) than Halloween? Grab a plaid skirt, tie a sweater around your waist, and try your best to look half as disaffected as the teens in this cult classic.  H&M; skirt, $20, hm.com. SHOP H&M; over-the-knee socks, $13, hm.com.  SHOP For fool-proof girl group costuming, it doesn't get much better than the Spice Girls late'90s ensembles and dramatic hair and makeup. Just try to keep the fighting over who gets to be which Spice to a minimum—remember, friendship never ennnnds.  Old Glory tank, $25, amazon.com.  SHOP Elizabeth & James dress, $385, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP GCDS bra top, $68, farfetch.com.  SHOP PrettyLittleThing bodysuit, $28, prettylittlething.us. SHOP Fraiche by J dress, $99, nordstrom.com.  SHOP The women of Game of Thrones may spend most of their time at war with each other, but that's nothing a little wine can't fix (right, Cersei?). From queens to warriors to unsung heroes (looking at you, Gilly) take your pick from the plethora of  badass (and beautifully costumed) female characters.  Marchesa Notte dress, $1,095, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Grease's OG girl gang has everything: matching jackets, serious '50s curls, the opportunity to spontaneously break into song—plus Rizzo's all-black cool girl outfit for your friend who's not into dressing up.  H&M; bomber jacket, $30, hm.com. SHOP J.Crew silk scarf, $29, nordstrom.com. SHOP The perfect potion of camp and cult-classic status makes these witchy sisters from Hocus Pocus a natural fit for group Halloween getups.  VGLook Halloween cloak, $29, amazon.com. SHOP Jean Paul Gaultier corset, $1,600, farfetch.com. SHOP With rumors of a reboot on the way, now is the perfect time to get ahead of curve with costumes inspired by either the '00s film or the classic '70s TV show.  Theory jumpsuit, $495, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP Okay, so there were only two girls among the original film's detention-bound teens, but for such a seminal pop culture collective, we think a little gender-swapping is in order. Bonus: The super-easy yet distinctive wardrobe makes this an ideal choice for those last-minute party invites.  PrettyLittleThing shirt, $15, prettylittlething.us. SHOP Topshop blouse, $65, topshop.com. SHOP Nike tank top, $35, nike.com.  SHOP You and your pals are like family, so why not lean into it and emulate the most zeitgeist-y of all reality show families? Don't pretend like you haven't been searching for an excuse to show off your contouring skills anyway. Kat Von D Shade + Light Face Contour Palette, $49, sephora.com.  SHOP PrettyLittleThing dress, $35, prettylittlething.us. SHOP H&M; faux fur coat, $129, hm.com. SHOP
 From the hands-free crossbody bag to errand-running totes, these are the classic bag styles every woman should have in her closet.  With each passing season, a new collection of It bags pops up on the scene, and the options can be quite overwhelming. From crossbody bags that make traveling easy, to croc-embossed bucket bags, and itty bitty micro minis, the dominating trends and shapes to choose from are endless.  Instead of being overwhelmed by the many shopping options, we're breaking down the key types of bags every woman should have in her wardrobe for this season and beyond.  The classic shoulder bag, which was once the main handbag type of the '90s, is back with a vengeance. It's an easy bag to hold, as it can go over the shoulder, in your hand, or clutched for a night out.   Order it now, because this bag has been flying off the shelves.  For all the astrology lovers out there; this unique and sleek bag from Dooz features a half-moon shape and silver hardware.  Crossbody bags reign supreme because of their hands-free appeal. Throw one across your body and forget about struggling to carry both your Whole Foods paper bags and phone at the same time.  This smooth camel bag will go with everything in your closet.  Made in the prettiest Millennial pink.  The oversized tote bags of now can be folded or snuggled under your arm. They accessorize well when paired with everyday pieces like loose fitting trousers or a silky midi skirt. Perfect for all your flea market browsing and grocery store running.  The ultimate carry-all.  The perfect embossed, black tote.  The micro minis of today are mostly useful for an evening out or an after-work event when lipgloss, your I.D., and phone are the only things needed.  Do we even need to explain why this bag is such a must-have? For all your trendy, AirPod-carrying needs.  Although the bucket bag craze slowed down a bit in recent years, this roomy, chic handbag option never really goes out of style. The new bucket bags are bigger and better than ever, being reworked in buttery leathers and croc-embossed styles.  This petite Rachel Comey bag is a nice twist to the classic black bucket bag.  A cool, geometric bucket bag that'll rival all others in your collection.  Nothing looks more work appropriate than a sturdy top handle bag. They're professional, practical, sleek and need no further explanation.   Easy, sleek, supple.  A soft leather bag in a classic color is the perfect addition to every wardrobe.  Say goodbye to the connotation that backpacks are only for school. This nostalgia bag can serve as both a handbag and your laptop carrier—making it great for a weekend away and sophisticated enough for your 9-to-5.  Less is more: this budget-friendly backpack is minimal and won't break the bank. A luxe, quilted iteration featuring everyone's favorite double-G logo.  At one point, clutches had completely disappeared from modernity.  As vintage styles become more mainstream, the clutch has resurged in cool oversized styles and interesting fabrics that elevate every evening look.  For all of your slinky evening dresses and low-cut jumpsuits.  A bigger option to carry your blotting papers and gloss for late night dancing. 
 Get up to 40 percent off that cute leopard-print dress you've been eyeing.  Sound the alarm: Reformation's huge annual sale is happening now, and there are tons of styles up to 40 percent off. And if you didn't know, now you do! That means you can score major discounts in breezy wrap dresses, vintage-looking jeans, all the leopard print things, swimwear, and more on its website. OR you can scroll down and shop the deals we've rounded up just right below—easy!  Original Price: $218  You can never have too many floral wrap dresses, right?  Original Price: $218 It's not too late to buy the cutest picnic dress! This super breezy one looks even cuter with some white mules.  Original Price: $48 Never have to tuck in a shirt again thanks to this black ribbed bodysuit. It's functional, and the square neckline also gives it a retro feel.  Original Price: $218 Two pieces for the price of one! A matching set makes picking your outfit in the morning SO much easier.  Original Price: $248 Hello, red dress of your dreams! Pair it with the brand's matching strappy heels for an extra dramatic lewk.  Original Price: $218 A leopard print bustier dress with ruffle details on the neckline would be a killer date night 'fit, wouldn't you say?  Original Price: $218  Big sleeves are happening, folks! Get in on the trend with this striped cutie.  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 The brand is introducing new policies to better educate and diversify its staff. Update, 2/26: Following backlash against a "noose hoodie" design on its Fall 2019 runway, Burberry is announcing new diversity initiatives within the company.  After issuing a formal apology and removing the offensive designs from the collection, the fashion house took to Instagram to share new company programs to prevent future issues with racism. "We are determined to learn from this and have spoken with our employees, experts and communities we impacted, we have developed a plan to increase our consciousness and understanding of social issues and fully embrace diversity and inclusion," Marco Gobbetti, CEO of Burberry Group, said in a statement.  The three new overarching initiatives are as follows:   These steps include:  1. Increasing our understanding We will strengthen our understanding of and sensitivity to a range of perspectives to help us live the values we hold and be truly inclusive. We will: . • Introduce additional training for all employees, including senior management • Establish employee councils focused on diversity and inclusion • Assemble an advisory board of external experts 2. Diversifying the pipeline of talent We will evolve our pipeline of talent to ensure we better reflect the world we live in and build a more diverse talent base for the future. We will: . • Strengthen goals to ensure diverse representation in our employee base • Expand our creative arts scholarship internationally to support students from diverse backgrounds and provide full-time employment for 50 graduates from the programme over the next five years • Extend internationally Burberry Inspire, our in-school arts and culture programme designed to help young people overcome challenging circumstances and see future opportunity in the creative industries 3. Championing those who help others We will add to our support of organisations promoting diversity and inclusion and providing assistance to people in crisis, including the Samaritans, who offer a safe, confidential place to which people can turn A post shared by  Burberry (@burberry) on Feb 26, 2019 at 8:00am PST The brand will introduce several programs to support each overarching initiative and educate its employees on sensitive social and race issues.  Update, 2/22: Days after Burberry apologized for sending an offensive "noose hoodie" down the runway, its creative director Riccardo Tisci is speaking out too. Tisci took to Instagram to issue a heartfelt formal apology for the Fall 2019 collection piece.  "I'm deeply sorry to anyone whose feelings I unintentionally have hurt. I am a man of my principles and I take my responsibilities seriously. I am committed to learn from this so that this never happens again," Tisci wrote.  I’d like to express myself following my recent show. First of all, I‘m deeply sorry to anyone whose feelings I unintentionally have hurt. I am a man of my principles and I take my responsibilities seriously. I am committed to learn from this so that this never happens again.  Those who know me well or who know my work will understand that any references I have used in my collections have never been driven by negativity. This is not at my core. I take inspirations from life as I love it, in all of its beautiful forms. This collection was born from a very positive place. Throughout my life I have always fought for diversity, for sexuality, for people of colour, for women’s rights, for all genders, and for inclusivity. And I consider myself a world citizen and I’ve been raised in a loving family who taught me how to love and respect everyone around me. I listen, I learn, I improve and I believe in the power of love. A post shared by  Riccardo Tisci (@riccardotisci17) on Feb 22, 2019 at 9:21am PST In his post, Tisci claimed the design was not meant to be offensive or negative, "Those who know me well or who know my work will understand that any references I have used in my collections have never been driven by negativity. This is not at my core. I take inspirations from life as I love it, in all of its beautiful forms. This collection was born from a very positive place. Throughout my life I have always fought for diversity, for sexuality, for people of colour, for women’s rights, for all genders, and for inclusivity. And I consider myself a world citizen and I’ve been raised in a loving family who taught me how to love and respect everyone around me."The creative director concluded by saying, "I listen, I learn, I improve and I believe in the power of love." Original Article, 2/19: Burberry is coming under fire after sending a "noose hoodie" down its Fall 2019 runway at London Fashion Week. The brand, along with its creative director Riccardo Tisci, is now apologizing for the deeply disturbing piece and removing it from the collection.  Model Liz Kennedy first called out the problematic sweatshirt on Instagram after voicing criticism of the piece backstage at the show. "Suicide is not fashion. It is not glamorous nor edgy," she wrote before revealing her concerns were dismissed at the show.  "How could anyone overlook this and think it would be okay to do this especially in a line dedicated to young girls and youth," Kennedy continued on Instagram, "Let’s not forget about the horrifying history of lynching either. There are hundreds of ways to tie a rope and they chose to tie it like a noose completely ignoring the fact that it was hanging around a neck."  "I had asked to speak to someone about it but the only thing I was told to do was to write a letter. I had a brief conversation with someone but all that it entailed was 'it’s fashion. Nobody cares about what’s going on in your personal life so just keep it to yourself,'" Kennedy added.  The model also claims that staff were joking about the sweatshirt in the dressing room before the show, hanging a noose from the ceiling. After the piece caused major backlash online, her remarks led to an apology from the brand's CEO and creative director. In a statement released to CNN, Marco Gobbetti, chief executive officer, said:   Riccardo Tisci, the brand's creative director, also apologized, "I am so deeply sorry for the distress that has been caused as a result of one of the pieces in my show on Sunday." The piece will also be removed from the collection.  Burberry's offensive design comes just one week after Gucci received backlash for a turtleneck resembling blackface. The brand immediately issued an apology, pulled the product, and announced several initatives to increase diversity throughout the company.  Dapper Dan, a frequent collaborator of Gucci, spoke out about the brand's mistake on Instagram. He revealed Gucci's CEO, Marco Bizzarri, personally flew from Italy to meet with Dan and other community members in Harlem to discuss the issue. The meeting ended with plans to launch several diversity programs throughout the fashion house, including global and regional directors for diversity and inclusion, a diversity and inclusivity awareness program, and a multicultural design scholarship program. A post shared by Dapper Dan (@dapperdanharlem) on Feb 15, 2019 at 10:22am PST With brands continually making "mistakes" in terms of race, what will it take for designers to finally start educating themselves on issues of racism and diversity in the year 2019? 
 Plus the code you need to get even more off that sale price... The sales are going to start hitting, which means you'll be able to land all your spring gear at a discount before you even go on spring break. Hey, we didn't make the retail rules, we just take advantage of them. Shop 16 items—from swim to sunnies and a denim baker boy hat. Enter the code “GOBIG19” at checkout for up to 25% off. A jumpsuit that looks like two pieces just makes everyone believe in your styling prowess even more. Go wild in a chic leopard bathing suit. These sunnies are perfect for looking like the celeb that you are. Spring calls for the perfect high-waisted white jean. Tell all those beige Instagram feeds who's boss in something vibrant and red. Get in on the baker boy hat game with something chic and denim. Get your It bag at less than It bag prices. We live for a solid cashmere sweater—wear it with jeans, skirts, under a blazer, every day if you want. No judgements. Make a cool, calculated entrance in this major dress. A little black dress that's feminine but incredibly easy to wear. The fanny pack trend is here to stay. Pick a good one. These cap toe boots will garner compliments for miles. Hey, hey, what's in your little blue bag? The perfect shirt. You're welcome. Low heeled sandals are all the rage. We love these in particular. This flirty pink and red dress has summer written all over it.
 The collaboration made its runway debut in New York last night.   With just a few weeks left until Moschino x H&M hits stores, the collaboration made its runway debut last night with an all-star model lineup in New York.  The show, which saw Joan Smalls, Winnie Harlow, Candice Swanepoel, and all three Hadid siblings hit the runway, was opened by Gigi Hadid and closed by none other than Naomi Campbell. The iconic super served as the finale look in a sparkling silver mini dress, layered chain necklaces, and over-the-knee boots.  Meanwhile, Gigi Hadid opened the show in a hoodie sweatshirt dress topped off with a gold puffer, over-the-knee boots, and an abundance of gold jewelry.  Making it a Hadid family affair, Anwar and Bella Hadid also graced the runway, with Bella wearing a sexy black leather dress from the collection.  Much like the runway casting, the collection was diverse. As first revealed in the look book, the Moschino x H&M collab offers up a range of influences from MTV to Disney, hip hop culture, and over-the-top bling—all of which feel true to Moschino's signature aesthetic. There were black and gold chain ensembles, logo sweatshirts, and colorful faux fur coats—making for an eclectic hodgepodge of runway looks.  As for the show itself, Jeremy Scott transformed the venue into its own Times Square-esque setting complete with billboards, flashing lights, and street carts serving New York classics like hot dogs, falafel, and giant soft pretzels. For the Italian fashion brand, it was a way to fully invest in the New York scene—even if it was the touristy version.  The full Moschino x H&M collection hits stores and hm.com on November 8. 
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 See the VS angels from their first runway turn to their last. The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show has been around for over two decades. The lingerie extravaganza has featured the world's top models from Stephanie Seymour to Tyra Banks, Gisele Bundchen and Miranda Kerr—not to mention Adriana Lima who has now been working with the brand and walking in the shows for 18 years (the longest of any VS Angel). So we're looking back at the most consistently booked models, from their first runway turn to their last. Plus, see the best looks from this year's show before it airs on December 2nd.  First Show: 1995 Last Show: 2000 First Show: 1996 Last Show: 2005 First Show: 1996 Last Show: 2000 First Show: 1997 Last Show: 2009 First Show: 1997 Last Show: 2000 First Show: 1997 Last Show: 1998 First Show: 1998 Last Show: 2001 First Show: 1998 Last Show: 2001 First Show: 1999 Last Show: 2006 First Show: 1999 Last Show: 2018 First Show: 2000 Last Show: 2017 First Show: 2000 Last Show: 2010 First Show: 2005 Last Show: 2014 First Show: 2005 Last Show: 2016 First Show: 2005 Last Show: 2010 First Show: 2006 Last Show: 2012 First Show: 2006 Last Show: 2010 First Show: 2007 Last Show: 2009 First Show: 2007 Last Show: 2014 First Show: 2007 Last Show: 2018 First Show: 2007 Last Show: 2018 First Show: 2008 Last Show: 2013 First Show: 2009 Last Show: 2011 First Show: 2009 Last Show: 2017 First Show: 2010 Last Show: 2015 First Show: 2010 Last Show: 2015 First Show: 2010 Last Show: 2018 First Show: 2010 Last Show: 2015 First Show: 2013 Last Show: 2018 First Show: 2010 Last Show: 2015
 Is this alien-like trend the future of fashion? There once was a time when we dubbed smartwatches and fitness trackers "the future of fashion," but A. Human, an upcoming body modification exhibit, is here to take things to a whole new level with fashion implants.  Kim Kardashian West and Chrissy Teigen were amongst the first to wear the alien-like body modification accessories, which appear to be implanted into their skin. Yesterday, Kim took to Instagram Stories to show off a choker necklace that moves in sync with her heartbeat.    Chrissy Teigen, meanwhile, went for an entirely different piece of intricate body artwork resembling skin-like feathers across her chest.  A. Human also enlisted model Andreja Pejic as well as Queer Eye's Tan France to debut additional body modification pieces including shoulder horns (à la Nicola Formichetti x Lady Gaga) and a ruffled Tudor collar.   @ahuman Pinnacle SS19 by Nicola Formichetti coming soon. 📸 @louiebanksshoots #ahuman A post shared by  Andreja Pejic (@andrejapejic) on Aug 27, 2018 at 6:05am PDT  You guys!!! I was lucky enough to get an exclusive glimpse of A. Human’s new collection, and it looks like I’m taking something home! 👯‍♂️ This lil beauty is The Tudor, and you can see it for yourself this #NYFashionWeek when they open their flagship store. @Ahuman #Ahuman A post shared by  T A N . F R A N C E (@tanfrance) on Aug 27, 2018 at 6:31am PDT So what's the deal with all the freaky futuristic accessories? It's all part of A. Human's upcoming exhibition, which is set to debut during New York Fashion Week. The interactive experience was conceptualized by longtime Kardashian friend Simon Huck and explores fashion as a reimagined part of your body, rather than something you simply put on.  Standout pieces include a pair of "biological heels" implanted into the foot and exaggerated horn-like shoulders that Huck tapped Nicola Formichetti to design.   Shoes are so 2017. Embrace your golden ratio 🌀 with the A. Human Nautilus SS19 🐚, the first entry into our biological heel series. Experience them all on display at our NYC flagship showroom. Tap the link in the bio to reserve your appointment today. ✌🏽✨📸: @lukeabby . . . ahumanbody.com #ahuman #nyfw #ss19 #fashionweek #newyorkfashionweek #nyfashionweek A post shared by  A. Human (@ahuman) on Aug 27, 2018 at 8:05am PDT The A. Human exhibit will debut on September 5 at 48 Mercer Street and run through September 30. Tickets, which cost $40 per person, are available to buy now at ahumanbody.com.  And who knows, you may even run into Kim K and her heartbeat choker while there. 
 Sleepwear chic. Anna Kendrick launched the paperback version of her book, Scrappy Little Nobody, in New York on Saturday, and the outfit she wore to the book signing was incredible. Just wheeling a few extra paperbacks into Union Square #ScrappyLittleNobody #fashionpajamas pic.twitter.com/JKyNCtG8Oy The Pitch Perfect star wore a Fleur du Mal pajama set, carried a Mrs. Thom Mini bag by Thom Browne, and completed the outfit with a pair of chic, green Paul Andrew heels. Her look was fire. Kendrick joked on Twitter that she was glad to be launching the paperback, because "hardcovers are super heavy!" Basically, if you ever need an excuse to wear your PJs out in public, then this is it. 
 There'll be musical performances by Halsey, Migos, Tierra Whack, and more. For over a week now, we've heard that Rihanna put on the runway extravaganza of the year at New York Fashion Week, and now, we finally get a chance to witness it with our own eyes. At midnight tonight, the singer-turned-designer debuts the latest collection of her celebrated, size-inclusive lingerie line, Savage X Fenty online. Find out how to watch the latest spectacle from the style icon below.  The actual runway presentation took place in Brooklyn on September 10, but fans can finally stream the show on Amazon Prime Video starting 12 a.m. EST on Friday, September 20. (It's kind of like how the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is taped weeks before the special airs on TV.) The event will only be available to watch on Amazon Prime Video, so if you don't have an account, borrow a friend's password if you can. Or, you can sign up for a 30-day free trial to check out the streaming service. Just remember to end your membership before that first bill hits if you don't want to continue your subscription.  You can view the program (or anything on Amazon Prime Video) on a range of devices including:  Watch Amazon Prime Video Performers during the show include Halsey, Migos, DJ Khaled, Big Sean, A$AP Ferg, Fat Joe, Fabolous, and Tierra Whack. In other words, this runway show is going to be one big party.  Stars who appear on the runway include 21 Savage, Alek Wek, Cara Delevingne, Christian Combs (Diddy's son), Joan Smalls, Laverne Cox, Normani, Paloma Elsesser, and more. Considering last year's Savage X Fenty show was a celebration of racial diversity and body inclusivity, don't be surprised to see models of various shapes and sizes on Rihanna's runway once again.  Rihanna's latest offering is live online at Amazon Fashion. The new pieces include "embellished details, must-have Logo Lounge essentials, daring teddies, and so much more," according to a press release from the brand. Sizes range from 32A to 42H, and XS to 3X. She's also dropping two Xtra VIP Boxes on the brand's website starting midnight, when the show goes live on Amazon. 
 The British designer worked with his long-time design partner, Christopher De Vos, on the royal wedding look. Princess Eugenie arrived to her wedding at Windsor Castle in one of the most innovative and sophisticated royal bridal designs in history–by a British designer you wouldn't expect. While speculation mounted leading up to the wedding that Erdem, Vivienne Westwood, or Stella McCartney would design Princess Eugenie's gown, the royal bride opted for a collaboration with Peter Pilotto and Christopher De Vos for her walk down the aisle. The two British designers founded the label Peter Pilotto in 2007. Per the Palace, "the brand is known for its innovative textile design, paired with a modern feminine silhouette." The Princess of York met the two designers when she was co-hosting an event for female artists, and she has been wearing designs by the brand ever since. Per Eugenie's pre-wedding remarks, her dress was made by a "British-based design house," but like Meghan Markle, the designers are not British. Pilotto holds Austrian and Italian citizenship, while De Vos is Belgian and Peruvian. Per the official statement on Eugenie's wedding fashion, the bride worked with Pilotto and De Vos closely on the design of her wedding gown, and "the designers undertook archive research into previous dresses worn by Members of the Royal Family and identified a silhouette." The research, it seems, paid off in spades.  Per Business of Fashion, who placed De Vos and Pilotto on their BOF 500, the brand first came on the scene in 2007, focusing on digital printing and color play. The label immediately caught the attention of retailers, and is now sold in stores like Net-a-Porter, Dover Street Market, Saks Fifth Avenue, and Liberty. Initially founded by Peter Pilotto, De Vos joined the brand in its early years, and the two now work together out of their East London studio. The designers met while studying at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, and received the Swarovski Emerging Talent Award in 2010.  The designers used their fabric development skills to craft a custom silk jacquard for Princess Eugenie's gown, using an intricate weaving technique. Per the Palace statement about the details of Eugenie's wedding dress, the fabric included subtle symbols of the "Thistle for Scotland, acknowledging the couple's fondness for Balmoral, a Shamrock for Ireland as a nod to the Bride's Ferguson family, the York Rose and ivy representing the couple's home." The symbols were designed in a garland of rope-like motifs, and woven into a jacquard of silk, cotton and viscose blend, and then translated into a jacquard weave in the Como region of Italy.  While eveningwear, grand gowns, custom bridal, and royal dressing don't immediately come to mind when thinking of Peter Pilotto and Christopher De Vos, that is surely about to change. 
 RIP, me...  New Year, new way to look better than everyone else at the party.  Shop 12 holiday ideas that are nothing short of inspired.  Take a break from your go-to hues in favor of something surprising, like Kendall Jenner in marigold. This statement-making dress will put all of that red velvet to shame. To shame! From an embellished sweater with denim for a casual holiday look, a killer white suit and a black dress with cut-outs, Kate Bosworth just solved all of your New Year's look dilemmas. And convinced us that a little bag is where it's at. A top handle bag with pearls is just the sort of special piece that will take your go-to dress from nice to extravagant.  Don't wait for spring to get your nautical vibes on, a good stripe is a fabulous option for any New Year's fete.  This season-less stunner is just the thing to ring in the New Year, and then wear for date night come spring. Right now is all about a bold top that signals a 1980s comeback—whether on a gown like Gigi or a statement blouse. This dress packs a punch while still remaining approachable and chic. A skirt that helps ring in the New Year should come with some shine and really know how to make an entrance. Like we said, find a skirt that knows how to work the room. A top with volume, done up in all-black feels very of-the-moment. Each of these pieces—on Emily Ratajkowski— are simple, yet impactful.  Ladies who like to show it off can pair this with wide-leg trousers or a full skirt, while the more subdued among us will look fantastic with it layered under a blouse or tee.  You can never go wrong with a fitted skirt suit, but it's these bold pink shoes that bring this stellar ensemble into holiday territory. A little pink and a lot of crystals are just what 2019 ordered. A beret can really bring a standard look into stellar territory. Whether you opt for a beret or a baker boy, a lightened up topper will take your whole look next-level. A mini dress with major boots—seen here on Laura Harrier at Louis Vuitton—is always a winning combo. A dress that will have everyone who overthought it desperate for a simpler, cooler life.
 She was 59 years old.  Cuban-American fashion designer Isabel Toledo has passed away at the age of 59, The New York Times reported. According to her husband, Ruben Toledo, her partner since high school, the cause of death was breast cancer. Unlike her American designer contemporaries, Isabel stayed out of the spotlight, considering herself more of an "engineer" of clothing instead of a "fashion person," according to the Times' report. However, she made headlines when former First Lady Michelle Obama wore her lemon-yellow dress and coat for the 2009 inauguration parade.  The designer called the moment an "amazing honor," per ABC News. The gravity of Barack Obama's Inauguration Day was not lost on her; she chose a bright lemongrass hue for Michelle's look because it was "optimistic, a color that represented change." Before Inauguration Day, Michelle wore one of Isabel's designs during a fundraiser at Calvin Klein's home in June 2008. She wore a breezy black tunic and palazzo pants at the time—an elegant contrast to her bright and citrusy Inauguration Day look.  As the official First Lady, Michelle revisited Isabel's designs in 2009 while visiting Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace.  Isabel was born in 1960 in Camajuani, Cuba, and emigrated with her family, settling in New York in 1968, according to the NYT. After learning to sew at a young age, she studied at the Fashion Institute of Technology then transferred to Parsons School of Design. She left before graduation to intern with Diana Vreeland at the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, according to the paper. In 1984, the same year she married Ruben, she debuted her eponymous fashion line.   In 2012, she published her autobiography, Roots of Style: Weaving Together Life, Love, and Fashion. In part of the book, she explains her process behind designing Michelle's now-famous inauguration look, which consisted of wool lace for the January weather.  "We did not want Michelle to freeze," she wrote, according to an excerpt shared by Racked. "I wanted this coat to protect the First Lady, to comfort and hug her like a friend, while still allowing her relaxed body language to shine through and speak."  
 Naomi Campbell, Claudia Schiffer, Cindy Crawford, Helena Christensen, and Carla Bruni returned to the catwalk to honor Gianni Versace.  It's been 20 years since the tragic death of Gianni Versace and to celebrate the late designer's legacy, Donatella Versace hosted a very special Versace show during Milan Fashion Week today.  Along with a Spring 2018 collection paying homage to Gianni's greatest designs, the original '90s supermodels reunited on the runway for the occasion. Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Claudia Schiffer, Carla Bruni, and Helena Christensen all walked hand-in-hand behind Donatella for an incredible finale down the runway. Each wearing a gold Versace chainmail gown, the surprise reunion made for a truly goosebumps-inducing moment:  Naomi Campbelll, Claudia Schiffer, Cindy Crawford, Carla Bruni, Helena Christensen, strutting the @Versace runway one more time #MFW pic.twitter.com/8D9qBVPU4V  Three decades since their modeling careers kicked off, the supers all still look incredible on the catwalk well into their 40s (Campbell and Schiffer are 47, Christensen is 48, Bruni is 49, and Crawford is 51).   Versace celebrated the 20th anniversary of Gianni's death with bringing out the original supermodels. Cindy, Naomi, Carla, Claudia & Helena. pic.twitter.com/bJoskuFaWZ A show to remember. For the 20th anniversary of the death of Gianni @Versace, the 90s supermodels came out of retirement and it was 💥💥💥 #MFW pic.twitter.com/trihiQ7nHb Meanwhile, Crawford's 16-year-old daughter, runway breakout star Kaia Gerber, also walked the show in a vibrant yellow cheetah print look.  With both the OG supermodels and today's top models including Gigi, Bella, Kendall, and Kaia all together on the same runway, we can't think of a better way to honor the late Gianni Versace. 
 Sweater weather is officially here.  Sometimes things that are considered "basic" are really just mass because they're awesome. Take the entire idea of "sweater weather." It ranks up there with pumpkin-flavored ephemera. But truly, when it's a little crisp, a little sunny, warm enough to skip a coat, just cool enough for some great cashmere, it's all about a great knit. Shop the pieces that make sweater weather our favorite time of year—and let's let our basic flags fly.  A heavy gauge knit isn't usually a date-night look, but Katie Holmes proves the haters wrong in a bra top and cardi set by Khaite. This works just as well over a knit bralette as it does a slip dress or jeans and a tee. A great black knit will  conquer all of your fall styles foes. Just add jeans and boots and call it a look. This knit is foolproof. We love it with little plaid kilts. wide-leg denim, black trousers. You name it, it works. Feeling a little boho this fall? Take that idea to a fun fringe sweater. We love that this fringe is for the slightly bohemian minimalist—a streamlined girl willing to dip a toe into the hippie pond. What is sweater weather for if not a big cozy knit to live in all season? This cardi fits the bill. A highlighter pink cardi makes for an unexpectedly cool companion for mustard colored trousers, as seen on Anna Rosa Vitiello. Wear this Versace, Versace, Versace with everything from pencil skirts to baggy jeans. The "ladies who lunch" sweater is getting a makeover for the cool kids. We love the idea of this classic piece paired with denim cut-offs. Check, please! This cardigan just makes you look and feel rich.
 Raf Simons for Calvin Klein and Supreme took home Womenswear and Menswear Designer of the Year.  Update, 6/5/18: Last night, the 2018 CFDA Awards were hosted by Issa Rae at the Brooklyn Museum. This year's event honored several forces in the American fashion industry—from Naomi Campbell to Carolina Herrera, Diane von Furstenberg, Narciso Rodriguez, and Kim Kardashian West.  See the full list of last night's winners below, plus see all the red carpet looks here.  Raf Simons for Calvin Klein Supreme Ashley and Mary Kate Olsen for The Row Sander Lak for Sies Marjan Diane von Furstenberg Ralph Lauren Narciso Rodriguez Carolina Herrera Donatella Versace for Versace Naomi Campbell Kim Kardashian West Original article, 3/18/18: Earlier this month, Issa Rae was announced as the host of this year's CFDA Awards, set to take place on June 4 at the Brooklyn Museum.  Following that news, the Council of Fashion Designers of America released the official list of nominees and honorees for its 2018 awards last night. The digital announcement came via Instagram with the help of Candice Huffine, Martha Hunt, Young Paris, Todd Snyder, Irene Neuwirth, and Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia (of Monse and Oscar de la Renta) appearing in a series of videos. Along with all the nominated categories, this year's special honorees were also announced. Diane von Furstenberg will receive Swarovski's Award for Positive Change for her work empowering women across the world through various non-profit initiatives. Narcos Rodriguez will be presented with this year's Geoffrey Beene Lifetime Achievement Award and Carolina Herrera will receive The Founder's Award in honor of CFDA founder Eleanor Lambert. As for the International Award, Donatella Versace will be this year's winner.  The only award that has yet to be announced is the Fashion Icon Award. In the past, the award has gone to Beyoncé, Rihanna, and Pharrell Williams. Last year, the award posthumously went to Franca Sozzani.  See all the nominees for the 2018 CFDA Awards below: Womenswear Designer of The Year:  Menswear Designer of The Year:  Accessory Designer of The Year: The Swarovski Award for Emerging Talent: The Swarovski Award for Positive Change: Diane von Furstenberg The Geoffrey Beene Lifetime Achievement Award: Narciso Rodriguez The Founder's Award: Carolina Herrera The Media Award: Edward Enninful The International Award: Donatella Versace
 Get ready, Zara addicts.  If you're addicted to Zara but sick of having the same pieces as everyone else, good news: the store's sister brand is finally making its way to the U.S.  Meet Bershka: the European retailer offering up on-trend pieces at an affordable price point (yes, just like Zara). The brand, which is also owned by the Inditex Group, targets a bit of a younger consumer than Zara, but still specializes in fashion-forward pieces you can weave into your work and weekend wardrobes. Though Bershka launched its online store in the U.S. this past spring, the brand is officially making its brick-and-mortar debut with a pop-up location in New York.  Located at 580 Broadway in SoHo, Bershka's first U.S. store will be open for a 3-month period from now through January 2018. It's unclear if the brand intends to launch a temporary U.S. location in the future, but the new pop-up comes just in time for holiday shopping season.  If you're not located in New York to check out Bershka IRL, you can still shop the brand's fashion-forward pieces online. From vinyl skirts to plaid blazers, '90s-inspired puffers and more, the pieces mostly range from $25 to $60 for apparel and $9 to $30 for accessories. Shop them now at bershka.com.   It's just a game, get the looks ⏯🎮 Shop in bio A post shared by  Bershka (@bershkacollection) on Oct 11, 2017 at 9:53am PDT
 The fashion-forward ladies you may not be following yet but should put on your radar.  From size inclusive fashion girls to social activists with style, designers of everything from lingerie to shoes, anything-but-standard fashion bloggers, and fashion editors—see who's inspiring us on Instagram now. Plus, follow more editors of Harper's BAZAAR for insight into the world of fashion and beauty. The Formula: Sunny Days + Sportswear + Great Hair The Formula: Social Media Guru + Fearless Style + Mindfullness  The Formula: Parisian + Unexpected Volume + Minimalism The Formula: Unexpected Labels + Mom Life + Interiors The Formula: Tan Everything + Creative Direction  The Formula: Travel + Airy Beautiful Clothes The Formula: Copenhagen + Pretty Photos + A Lot of Black and Tan The Formula: Color Wonderful + The Written Word The Formula: Cool Jackets + Good Use of Prada and Jil Sander  The Formula: Glam Jetset + A Good Eye The Formula: Stellar Photography + Art and Interiors + An Exacting Eye The Formula: Ageless Style + Stellar Photography + Inspiration The Formula: Shoe Design + '80s Vibes The Formula: Size Inclusiveness + Acceptance Advocate + Major Style  The Formula: Mom of Three + Lingerie Designer + Easy, Chic Looks The Style: Street Chic + Model Vibes The Formula: Inspiration for All Shapes and Sizes + Serious Entrepreneur The Formula: Fun with Fashion + A Global Vision The Formula: Magazine Level Photography + Travel Inspiration + Big Labels  Meet the face behind the blog, Man Repeller. Watch as Laura Brown raids Leandra Medine's closet to find her chicest shoes, blazers & accessories! @manrepeller
 Can you wear the season's wildest shoes IRL?  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. We're all about taking runway fashion to the streets–whether it's taking a tulle confection from Haute Couture grocery shopping in Paris or bringing Tom Ford's crystal-encrusted micro minis to a meeting in our New York offices. And when Spring 2018 graced the runways this past September, we could not help but notice the many pairs of standout runway shoes that begged the question–can you actually wear those in real life?  We tasked WTFashion?! host and stylist, William Graper, to test drive our favorite pairs–from Versace's thigh-high embroidered boots to Dolce & Gabbana's floral enamel sandals–on the streets of New York City. Can you go for a run in Louis Vuitton sneakers? Do Chanel heeled rain-boots make it easier to frolic and sing in the rain? What happens when you climb barbed wire in Alexander Wang barbed wire sandals? Here, all the answers to our burning questions on Spring's wildest pairs. Shoes featured in order of appearance: Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Alexander Wang, Louis Vuitton, Chanel and Helmut Lang Seen by Shayne Oliver.
 We're sharing the real stories behind your favorite #OOTD This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In this week’s episode of This Look is Money, we hit the cobblestoned streets of Soho, one of New York City’s most fashionable neighborhoods, with four influencers to find out how they like to style themselves on the daily. Below, Jessica Clements, Sophia Visanji, Tar Mar, and Elena Taber breakdown their outfits that you can shop right now.  Who are you wearing? How much did it cost? What favors are you calling in? Think: something old, something new, something borrowed, and something bought resale. Prepare yourself for some major fashion inspiration.    Model and Youtuber Jessica Clements likes to mix vintage with comfort to ensure she is always cozy in the chilly weather. The 5' 9.5" beauty picked up a pair of white leather ankle booties from Stuart Weitzman with a $425 discount ($150, originally $575). “Surprisingly, they are the most comfortable heels I own,” she says of her pointed-toe shoes. Clements is a fan of trousers and recently picked up a neutral-toned checkered pair with a flared hem from Stone Cold Fox for  $150. To help her embrace cozy-girl chic, she added an oversized purple sweater from Nanushka ($325) with a pearl zipper pull. Clements notes she loves the "menswear vibe" of her top and the pearl detailing is something she loves because it "adds more uniqueness to the sweater."  She threw on an oversized purple jacket from Aritzia ($180) over her basics. "I love love love a blanket coat. Anything that is big and cozy makes it so much easier to walk around," Clements adds. Her red handle Chanel bag ($4,300) with gold-tone hardware was a Christmas present to herself. She originally went in looking for sneakers, but “I saw this, and I was just like, 'This is mine,'” she says as she hugs her purse. She accessorized her look with  a Logan Hollowell choker necklace with diamonds (gifted, $1,000) while her gold-tone earrings are also a gift from Luv AJ ($490). "These are like my trinity glasses. I always feel like a badass when I wear them," she says of her Chanel sunglasses ($630).   Sophia Visanji is an optometrist and creative director of her blog The Monocle Muse whose personal style "is a mix of modern and minimal, meets a little bit of eclectic and exotic." Starting from her shoes up, Visanji wore a pair of nude leather Mercanti Fiorentini pumps with a lucite block heel ($179).  Her standout jumpsuit ($160) was a vintage find from A Current Affair, a trade show that visits New York City about twice a year.  "I love it cause it's one size fits all. I can wear it in the summer, throw a jacket over it in the winter and fall. It’s super versatile," she says. Visanji's secret for successfully hunting for vintage pieces is to "look for something really out of the box, cause I find the most unique pieces when I'm shopping vintage."  Another must-have piece in Visanji's wardrobe is a killer leather jacket. Today she is sporting an effortlessly cool black version from All Saints ($525). When it comes to accessorizing, more is more for Visanji who adds a pair of face-framing Celine sunglasses to elevate her look. She layered on three rings from David Yurman, a local find in Saint Croix, and one from a friend who started Anuja Tolia jewelry. Her two necklaces are from Maria Pascual ($50) and a Cinco Store ($67), plus a chic ear jacket and cuff from Aaryah Jewelry ($99).   She admits her Celine Trapèze python bag is a splurge at $4,500, however, she uses the purse "every single day" and "it was definitely worth the investment," she adds.    "I’m definitely a jeans and a t-shirt kinda gal," declares Youtuber and blogger Tar Mar. "So for me to dress up those pieces and make them versatile, I like to invest in statement jackets and bags to really dress them up." Her white tee is a high street find from Mango ($16). Mar is a jeans fiend, and likes to "elevate" her usual blue wash denim with a pair of off-white or cream jeans. Today she is rocking a pair from & Other Stories ($80). Although she is based in New York, a city known for embracing all black looks, Mar encourages people to experiment with lighter colors. "I actually don't find it hard to wear a color like white and cream in New York City. I think people are little bit scared of getting it dirty, but you gotta live a little," she advises. 
 Mar admits that she is "such a sucker for square-toed anything," so naturally her pair of black Via Spiga boots ($300) is one of her most worn pair of shoes. "When I want something statement, I bust out my Prada," she says of her black leather crossbody bag with chain detailing ($2,200). Whenever she's "feeling extra," Mar loves adding her Nanushka ($600) puffer jacket. (A red version is also available and on sale $434). Her muted color palette and clean style allows Mar plenty of room to play around and have some fun with accessories. Her flattering sunglasses are a recent purchase from Celine ($300) and her ring ($250) pays homage to her native country. Mar explains that her Irish Claddagh ring symbolizes love, loyalty, and friendship.   She may have splurged on her diamond necklace ($1000), but Mar embraces mixing high value pieces with more affordable finds including her $100 necklace, both from undisclosed designers. As for her biggest style secret? It's where she finds her chic hoop earrings. "I always get questions about my hoops [and] I always go for really affordable ones from H&M ($10)," she adds.   "My style is definitely inspired by where I’m at and what’s around me," says Elena Taber. "I find a lot of inspiration from the style of the 70s, so I love to add a bit of retro flair to what I’m wearing."  Her vintage-inspired 'fit gets a pop of color courtesy of Taber's first fashion splurge (#treatyoself ) after graduation. Her red pointed toe ankle boots with a black heel from Vagabond ($160) holds a special place in her heart."For some people that [price] may not be a ton, but for me, at the time it definitely felt like an investment. And I was very excited to get a hold of them," she says.  Taber's no-fail fashion piece for when she wants "to be a little funky" is a printed pant. Her flared leg version from Urban Outfitters ($70)  is wearable all year-long because of it's neutral palette.  "80% of what I wore in high school and college was thrifted clothing, so I always love to add an inexpensive thrifted item still," Taber explains of her cost-friendly approach to style. Her red ribbed neck turtleneck that shows a sliver of her torso was a steal at $8. Another vintage find that she's "obsessed" with is her brown suede jacket contrast-stitching ($250). "My go-to things to thrift are usually funkier items. I think that's the beauty of thrifting, you can find pieces that nobody else has," Taber adds. To tie together her outfit, she added a wide black belt with a large silver buckle that she borrowed from a friend ($20). Taber loves to accessorize, especially when she can pick up pieces crafted by emerging local talent. Today, she layered a necklace from Mejuri ($70) with a complementary coin pendant chain from Elvis et Moi ($120). Her gold-tone hoops ($15) are from a random small business in Queens, New York and her cuff is also from Mejuri ($70).  "I actually collect a ring everywhere I go. It's my go-to souvenir," Taber says of her affordable presents to herself. Her five rings range from $25 to $40, and the first three was picked up in Lebanon, Oman, and the South of France while the last two are from undisclosed artisans ($30 a piece).  She is also a major supporter of buying sustainable clothing and accessories such as her black Angela Roi crossbody bag ($240). "I like to tell people that it’s not about perfection, but it’s about making little steps here and there, to be more conscious about where you shop, where you buy," Taber says. "I also think being aware of where your clothing is coming from, or how its impacting people,  is really good to keep in mind about where you're shopping. Watch the rest of the video above to see all the pieces Jessica, Sophia, Tar, and Elena Taber are wearing and add them to your cart.  Don't forget to subscribe to BAZAAR's YouTube channel so you never miss an episode of This Looks is Money, Go To Bed With Me, Royal Tea with Rickey Thompson, Heel Hunters, Little Black Book, and Food Diaries. 
 The 28-year-old face of the Kooples on her namesake bag, all-natural beauty routine, and low-key style The best style advice I’ve ever received is to be yourself. And to be confident, because confidence is everything.  My personal style icons are Angelina Jolie in Gia and Milla Jovovich in The Fifth Element. Why? Come on, do you have to ask?  My go-to Kooples pieces are a leather jacket and a blazer. I love to just throw on a leather jacket with jean shorts and a T-shirt, or I’ll pair a menswear-inspired blazer with jeans for a casual but chic look. A perfect handbag is both functional and stylish. Of course you want to look cool, but you also want a bag that is going to work with you, not against you. My sister gave mea hand-me-down bag when I was 14. It wasn’t anything fancy, but I loved the fact that it came from my sister. The Stella bag I designed with the Kooples was inspired by my day-to-day favorites. I love the quilted aspect, and a strap is great for the city. It’s just the right mix of edgy and sophisticated that I look for in my everyday style. My bag is ideal for travel. The wide-open middle is great to stuff all my travel essentials in: Victoria’s Secret Bombshell travel-size spray, Karl Lagerfeld + ModelCo lip gloss, a charger cable for my phone, gum, and some bitcoin [laughs]. There’s also a compartment on the side to store important, easy-to-reach items, like a boarding pass. I keep my makeup minimal. Lately I’ve been trying to use more natural products, like rose water mist. I recently bought some aloe vera leaves, and I’ve been patting them on as a moisturizer. I also love SK-II face masks.  When it’s time for bed, I try to meditate. I like to wash my face, and that’s it. I don’t use products at night. Then I feed my rescue dog, Tripp, a snack. I’m obsessed with him. He eats a little, then climbs into bed. I prefer flats to heels. I donate shoes I’m not wearing anymore. The number-one trend that needs to come back? Big hair. What trend needs to die is not for me to say. Let it ride.  My great-great-grandma Maxwell passed down a silver brooch. It’s a dragon with a Celtic symbol engraved on the back. I love it because of its energy.  I collect memories. I’ll always remember one day in a park with my mom and dad, back when we were living in New Zealand. It was a fall day with a light breeze, and we were eating ice cream on a bench under some trees. I was really young. It wasn’t a day too different from any others, but there was something about it that’s stuck with me—the echo of a brief moment. I’m into L.A. literature right now. I just finished reading West of Rome, by John Fante, and loved it.  My favorite place in the world is L.A. It’s my home.  The Kooples Dress, $465, thekooples.com SHOP NOW The Kooples Bag, $585, thekooples.com SHOP NOW Diptyque Tubéreuse Candle, $95, diptyqueparis.com SHOP NOW The Kooples Blazer, $465, thekooples.com SHOP NOW Karl Lagerfeld + Model Co Lip Gloss, $28, modelcocosmetics.com SHOP NOW SK-II Facial Treatment Mask, $95, sk-ii.com SHOP NOW West of Rome, $10, amazon.com SHOP NOW Victoria's Secret Bombshell Eau de Parfum, $55, victoriassecret.com SHOP NOW
 Embrace bold shades of red, winter whites, and luxe textures as temperatures drop.  Iceland's chilling blue waters proved the perfect backdrop for the season's bold shades and luxe textures.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: RoC Retinol Correxion Deep Wrinkle Daily Moisturizer With Suncreen Broad Spectrum SPF 30 provides sun protection and anti-aging benefits ($23). Chanel coat, $5,450, blouse, $1,700, pants, $1,700, and bag, price upon request, chanel.com; Hermes scarf, $190, hermes.com; Fendi boots, $1,350, fendi.com. BEAUTY BAZAAR: ChapStick Total Hydration Moisture + Tint in Merlot nourishes lips and adds a hint of color ($5). Prada cardigan, $4,610, prada.com; Chloé necklace, similar styles available at chloe.com.  Fendi dress,  $3.500, bag, $1,750, strap, $900 and boots, $1,190, fendi.com; Dior beret (worn throughout) price upon request, dior.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Swipe on Shiseido Rouge Rouge Lipstick in Ruby Cooper for a perfect crimson pout ($28). Carolina Herrera shirt, $1,290, carolinaherrera.com; Chloé necklace, price upon request, chloe.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: St. Ives Coconut Oil Scrub gently exfoliates for a more luminous complexion ($7). Ralph Lauren Collection shirt, $2,890, turtleneck, $1,150, and skirt, $1,590, ralphlauren.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Pond's Bio-Hydratante Light Hydrating Cream leaves skin soft and moisturized ($9). Tod's shirt, $675 pants, $3,150, and boots, $995, tods.com; Chanel bag, $4,800, chanel.com.  Burberry coat, $2,695, shirtdress, $1,195, and top, $395, burberry.com; Fendi boots, $1,350, fendi.com; Chloé necklace, similar styles available at chloe.com.  BEAUTY BAZAAR: Try Dove Anti-Frizz Oil Therapy Conditionerfor smooth, shiny strands  ($5). Dolce & Gabbana coat, $7,495, dolcegabbana.com.  Dior dress, price upon request, bag, $4,100, dior.com; Hermés scarf, $190, hermes.com.  Model: Maartje Verhoef; Hair: Franco Gobbi for Moroccanoil; Makeup: Lotten Holmqvist for Nars; Production: Petur "Peppi" Sigurdsson for On the Rocks production. Special thanks to Blue Lagoon, Iceland. 
 Karrueche Tran and Victor Cruz are our modern day Chuck and Blair on a very fashion-forward Upper East Side excursion. After actress Karrueche Tran and former New York Giant Victor Cruz wrecked The Plaza at BAZAAR's ICONS party during New York Fashion Week, we wondered what hell the super couple could raise if they were let loose on Manhattan's Upper East Side. BAZAAR.com reimagined this iconic duo as 2018's answer to NYC's most conniving and sexy on-screen couple, Chuck Bass and Blair Waldorf of Gossip Girl. Karrueche and Cruz hit up the now-classic show's most notable hot spots—in all the chicest holiday looks to shop now. You know you love us. xoxo Alexander Vaultier Jacket with Swarovski embroidery, $4,560, and Pants, $1,100, alexandrevauthier.com; Agent Provocateur Slip, $295, agentprovocateur.com; Magda Butrym Shoes, $1,006, magdabutrym.com; Henri Bendel Earrings, $98, henribendel.com; Ruslan Baginskiy Hat, $350, fwrd.com. On Victor: Saks Fifth Avenue COLLECTION Plaid Jacket, $798.00; Saks Fifth Avenue COLLECTION Wool Cardigan Sweater, Black, $298.00, saks.com; Kingsman pants, $650 mrporter.com Altuzarra Dress, $2,995, similair at bergdorfgoodman.com; Roger Vivier Backpack, $1,975, www.rogervivier.com; Giuseppe Zanotti Shoes, $895, giuseppezanotti.com. On Victor: Brunello Cucinelli velvet suit, saks.com. Alena Akhmadullina Dress, $2,500, alenaakhmadullina.com; Lele Sadoughi Headband, $150, lelesadoughi.com; Giuseppe Zanotti Sandals, $845, giuseppezanotti.com. On Victor: Isaia blazer; Saks Fifth Avenue COLLECTION cashmere turtleneck; Isaia corduroy pants saks.com.  Natasha Zinko Coat, $386, natashazinko.com; Area Earrings, $325, barneys.com; Jimmy Choo Pumps, $2,450, jimmychoo.com. On Victor: Mr.P coat, $550, mrporter.com.   Attico Dress, $1,017, modaoperandi.com; Ming Yu Wang Earrings, $240, mingyuwangnewyork.com; Roger Vivier Shoes, $2,050, rogervivier.com. On Victor: Dries van Noten navy turtleneck $640 mrporter.com; Polo Ralph Lauren Plaid Coat, mrporter.com; Acne Studios trousers, $310, mrporter.com.  
 
 Beach, please... It's all about a bag, a sarong, a dress, a maillot, that kill the beach game, but also look chic on the streets. Invest in the items that will take you through summer with utility—and that something extra. Nothing says summer quite like a beachy white cotton dress. The best white dresses look equally at home on the beach as the beach bar.  Bring beach vibes with you everywhere you go with the right shell-inspired jewelry. With a simple white tee or linen button-down, you can bring seaside life with you anywhere you go. A one-piece bathing suit/rash guard does double duty as a fierce post-beach top. Up the fierce factor even more by buying into the look in leopard print. Nothing quite says summer-ready like a Hawaiian print shirt. It's perfect layered over a bandeau top and crochet shorts. Find your inner surf girl.  A sarong style skirt feels like it just walked off the boardwalk, but is perfect for an evening affair. We love it with a tee or a simple tank. If you haven't caught on, the buying power in beachwear is having it look perfect on the beach and at the café. The maillot cover-up you never knew you always needed. It hardly gets more retro chic than a one-piece and great cat-eye shades. A feminine floral print can change your whole beachy mood. A solid beach dress should be airy, pretty, cool—and why not embrace color? A dramatic sleeve and a drop waist add up to an ideal, unexpected beach dress. It's all about a good accessory—a wide-brim hat, a salt water pearl anklet—to really make a beach look shine. Donni anklet, $84, shopdonni.com. SHOP NOW Never shy from a little drama. A chic logo bag takes beach-going to super luxe places. Wear this with denim cut-offs or a little white dress and never look better.  Even the most minimal-lover can appreciate a little sparkle on the beach. In other words, make it #extra. A suit made for the 'gram. 
 She's putting her focus on women. 🙌   It's the end of an era: Adriana Lima is hanging up her Victoria's Secret Angel wings. The 37-year-old model announced this afternoon that she's saying goodbye to VS after 20 years and 18 runway shows with the famous lingerie brand.  After this legendary stint at VS, where will Lima head to next? According to People, she's turning her attention to projects focusing on women's empowerment.    "I’m looking forward to support women and being connected to different projects which support women around the world," she told the outlet ahead of walking her last VS fashion show today.  "[That's] my future from now on, but I am still happy that I am part of Victoria’s Secret this year," she added. "You guys are going to love this year’s show. To me it is definitely going be very special.” Lima broke the news of her departure with a heartfelt Instagram featuring a highlights reel of her famous walks on the Victoria's Secret runway.  "Dear Victoria," she wrote in the caption. "Thank you for showing me the world, sharing your secrets, and most importantly not just giving me wings but teaching me to fly. And all the ❤️ to the best fans in the 🌎! Love, Adriana 💖 "  Dear Victoria, Thank you for showing me the world, sharing your secrets, and most importantly not just giving me wings but teaching me to fly. ❤️ to the best fans in the 🌎! Love, Adriana 💖 A post shared by  Adriana Lima (@adrianalima) on Nov 8, 2018 at 2:00pm PST Lima's exit follows the departure of another iconic VS Angel, Alessandra Ambrosio, who walked her 17th and final show in 2017. Ambrosio told Entertainment Tonight that she was moving on to spend more time with her swimsuit line, Ale by Alessandra, and spend time on her acting career. 
 From Dior to Louis Vuitton, the runway highlights from Paris.  As the Spring 2019 collections make their way down the runways at Paris Fashion Week, we're highlighting all the standout looks of the season. Check back as round up the top runway looks that will define next season.  Nicholas Ghesquière is in a groove at Louis Vuitton, and his collection was not as much about going in one direction, but more about a futuristic approach to how his woman (aka the new and improved LV girl) should dress. Everything felt forward-thinking, even the pieces that so clearly called to '80s silhouettes. Blouson sleeves, strong shoulders, micro minis, and Ghesquière's version of street-style worthy space suits were just a few things on offer. If you're looking for Nicholas to show full-throttle evening, don't hold your breath; you're going to have to wait patiently for his muses–like Emma Stone, Michelle Williams, and Alicia Vikander–to walk the red carpet in something custom. –Carrie Goldberg With sportif dwindling and new takes on office attire taking center stage at the collections, Miuccia Prada is taking advantage of the ball being in her court. Fashion, so it seems, has an appetite for sheerness, plays on uniform-dressing, and all things asymmetric–and that's right in Prada's wheelhouse for her younger, Frenchie, Miu Miu customer. As for evening options, there was loads of embroidery and sparkle, and if you're after something that takes dressing a little bit more seriously, the suiting stood out and felt (dare we say) more adult than Miu Miu's typical devotees. Perhaps this is the start of a coming of age tale for Prada's gamine, fresh-faced ingenue–but there were still plenty of options for the Peter Pan-esque dresser who isn't ready to grow up just yet. –Carrie Goldberg "Let's go to the beach, the water's fine," said Karl Lagerfeld. Or at least he implied it through an array of by-the-sea ready looks shown on an actual sandy shore, right in the center of the Grand Palais. If you're planning the most-luxe summer trip, head to Chanel and stock up on biker shorts, summer suiting, loads of accessories, and cocktail options you can wear from the beach club to the boardwalk. Per Lagerfeld's standard in-theme shows, this one stuck to it's inspiration closely, veering off only towards the end when a suite of sheer, embroidered, and layered midnight blue and black eveningwear hit the sand–but in looks still easy enough to sport once you've kicked your shoes off for a walk on the shore. The show's branded shirting and cardigans are going to be must-haves, as are the array of hats, piped nautical blazers, and C-H-A-N-E-L branded belts.  – Carrie Goldberg In the age of everything fast, instant, immediate, and of-the-moment, Sarah Burton is consistently looking back into history for inspiration to create modern versions of clothes you'll cherish. Heirloom-level craftsmanship is nothing new for McQueen, nor is inspiration from ages past, but Burton took inspiration from today's female empowerment movement and threw it back in time, finding inspiration from women in history and their milestones–like christenings, weddings, funerals, and key rights of passage. Naturally, in Burton's world, even women from the Arthurian, Georgian, and Victorian eras are badasses to boot. A christening gown inspired blouse was tucked under a sharp suit. Chain and leather corset details adorned both suits and romantic dresses. To Burton, it's the woman that makes the clothes and the clothes that make the woman–and limiting oneself to a single facet, be it feminine, romantic, ethereal, strong, bold, brave, or daring when getting dressed need not apply. If wanting to be equal parts hard and soft to don both Burton's femme dresses and sleek tailoring is wrong, we don't want to be right. – Carrie Goldberg Stella McCartney shows Cali casual clothes in the most opulent space Paris has to offer—setting what she calls "dirty pastels" and washed out neons against gilded walls for the ultimate contrast. There were tie-dye jumpsuits, slouchy suiting, organic denim, knit pants and silk slip dresses and satin shorts for that "just-rolled out of bed and look this cool" insouciance. -Kerry Pieri Giambattista Valli was inspired by Yoko Ono on her wedding trip to India in the '60s. It's there in the little white dresses, the tiger prints, the caftans. But Valli is a romantic at heart, and those high-low hem gowns have become his signature—done up here in ethereal florals. It's an undeniably pretty collection with jet-setting in mind, a mood that prevailed in Paris. Who can blame anyone for needing an escape—and a great wardrobe to wear on it. -Kerry Pieri
 They look stunning 😍.  Update 11/13: Burberry has released a two-minute short film directed by Juno Calypso to accompany its holiday campaign. The feature, titled Close Your Eyes and Think of Christmas, stars Matt Smith, M.I.A., Kristin Scott Thomas, Naomi Campbell, and her mother, Valerie Morris-Campbell. The mother-daughter model duo close out the video, lounging on a couch while donning Burberry's signature check from head to toe . "Juno explores the dance between the reality and fantasy of a very British Christmas, drawing on her own experiences and rituals; from the unpredictable British weather to family togetherness, delayed trains to festive feasts," the video's description reads.  Original story, 11/1: Burberry isn't wasting any time getting into the holiday spirit. The British brand has already teased its Festive Campaign for the year, featuring some of U.K.'s finest, including supermodel Naomi Campbell—and her mom.  Valerie Morris-Campbell, a model herself, joins the star-studded roster, which includes The Crown's Matt Smith, actress Kristin Scott Thomas, rapper M.I.A., and British artist and photographer Juno Calypso, who also shot and directed the campaign. Both Campbells wear a white shirt and black blazer in their portraits.  The full campaign releases on Tuesday, November 13, but you can get a sneak peek at the imagery below. This is hardly the mother-daughter duo's first time modeling together. In 1993, they hit the Mugler runway together in complimentary black and white ensembles. Then, in 2010, they resumed the double act by walking in the Fashion for Relief charity show in London.  Naomi often brings her mother to fashion events. Last December, she brought her mom as her date to The Fashion Awards in London. The pair both wore all-black ensembles on the red carpet, with Naomi in a tulle gown by Versace and Valerie in a sleek suit and fur stole and Bulgari necklace. You can thank Valerie for teaching Naomi how to strut on the runway. "When I was 12 or 13, she appeared in a fashion show, and I remember her showing me how to walk in the hallway at home," Naomi recalled in an autobiography, excerpted by The Guardian in 2016. "Lionel Richie was playing in the background and I watched her walk up and down to the beat of the music."
 "Designer of Dreams" is coming to The Victoria and Albert Museum in London. In February 2019, the Victoria and Albert Museum in London will open the largest and most comprehensive Christian Dior exhibition ever in the U.K. "Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams" will highlight the iconic designer's history and influence on fashion from 1947 to today. To put its size into context: this will be the museum's biggest fashion exhibition since "Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty in 2015." "Based on the major exhibition Christian Dior: Couturier du Rêve, organized by the Musée des Arts Décoratifs, Paris, the exhibition will be reimagined for the V&A. A brand-new section will, for the first time, explore the designer’s fascination with British culture," said the museum in a statement.  Dior's British inspirations ranged from the ocean liner Queen Mary to Savile Row suiting. He staged fashion shows at landmarks like London's Savoy Hotel and Blenheim Palace. He also designed for prominent British figures including author Nancy Mitford, ballerina Margot Fonteyn, and actual royalty, Princess Margaret. (She wore his designs on her 21st birthday.) The exhibition will run from February 2, 2019 to July 14, 2019, and tickets will become available this fall. (So start planning your trips now.) Ahead is a sneak peak of what you can expect from "Designer of Dreams" this winter.  1947 Spring-Summer Haute Couture collection sketch by Christian Dior.  Christian Dior with model Sylvie, circa 1948. 1950 Autumn-Winter Haute Couture collection sketch by Christian Dior. Pérou short evening dress from the 1954 Autumn-Winter collection.  Soirée de Décembre evening dress from the Autumn-Winter 1954 Haut Couture collection.  Écarlate afternoon dress from the Autumn-Winter from 1955 Haute Couture collection.  Christian Dior fitting a model circa 1955.  Yves Saint Laurent in front of Christian Dior store in London, 1958.  Guépard afternoon dress from the Autumn-Winter 1959 Haute Couture collection.  Princess Margaret (left), with the Duchess of Marlborough behind presenting Christian Dior with a scroll entitling him to Honorary Life Membership of the British Red Cross.   Diorling perfume, 1963. Trianon dress from 2017 Autumn-Winter Haute Couture collection.  Jardin fleuri bustier dress from Spring-Summer 2017 Haute Couture collection.
 "RUTHLESS" Last week, model Ming Xi unintentionally became the center of attention at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show when she fell on the catwalk in Shanghai. And while the runway show is usually filmed twice so any blunders can be edited out of the final broadcast, Xi's slip-up still aired on TV. There was also footage of the model crying backstage after she finished her walk, which is something fans didn't see last week when videos of her plunge first surfaced online. Some viewers took to Twitter, upset that Xi's fall and crying weren't edited out.  Others simply sent the model messages of support, and praised how she gracefully got back up and kept walking after her tumble, smile and all.  Even Victoria's Secret applauded Xi's "grace and determination" on Twitter.  The day after tumbling on the catwalk, Xi addressed her fall with the most gracious response in an emotional Instagram post. The model revealed she was upset to have fallen "in front of my mother's and my people's eyes" in her native city of Shanghai, but she thanked her fans and fellow models for their support, especially Gizele Oliveira, who helped her get back on her feet on the runway.  Xi ended on a positive note:  "I will pick myself up from where I fell, and I will keep going in order to repay all the support you all have given me!!" This marked her fifth year walking the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. We can't wait to see her again next year.  As many of you may already know, I fell during my 5th year walking at the Victoria's Secret show yesterday. It was no doubt one of the hardest moments I have ever had to go through in my career, especially since the show was taking place in my hometown, in front of my mother's and my people's eyes. However, the support I received from everyone yesterday was incredible and I am truly grateful to everyone who was there for me. @ed_razek Thank you for your supportive words and your continuous support throughout these 7 years. @giizeleoliveira Thank you for helping me up after the fall, it was a very selfless and loving act from you. Thank you to all the girls who rushed to comfort me at backstage after what had happened, you are all family to me. Lastly thank you to everyone who sent and left me supportive messages. I will pick myself up from where I fell, and I will keep going in order to repay all the support you all have given me!! ❤️️#vsfashionshow @victoriassecret A post shared by  Ming Xi (@mingxi11) on Nov 20, 2017 at 8:24pm PST
 The royal made fast fashion look completely regal.  It's not every day that a royal steps out wearing fast fashion but today, Queen Letizia proved that budget-friendly style can look just as regal as any luxury designer.  The always impeccably dressed Spanish royal wore a Zara floral midi dress featuring pink and red flowers on a teal background. Paired with plum pumps and jeweled earrings, the flouncy frock made for the perfect fall dress.  Proving elegant style comes at every price point, Queen Letizia's Zara dress retails for $90 and miraculously, it hasn't sold out yet. But if Kate Middleton and Princess Victoria of Sweden are any indication, royals wearing fast fashion tends to sell out almost immediately, so act fast if you want to scoop up this floral piece for fall.  Zara dress, $90, SHOP
 The collection broke the internet last night—and for good reason.  Rihanna's Savage x Fenty Lingerie collection is finally here and you may never want to wear real clothes again.  Last night, Bad Gal Riri's latest brand debuted at the strike of midnight and the site's launch unsurprisingly sent the internet into a tizzy. So many people tried to shop SavageX.com at midnight that shoppers had to wait in line (yes, for a website) for over an hour. The lengthy-wait times, of course, had eager fans stressing out big time on Twitter (but we all waited in line because the power of Rihanna knows no bounds). “Your estimated wait time is: more than an hour.” #SavageXFenty pic.twitter.com/QKJoD30bc8 What in the hell? Y’all want these coins or not?! @SavageXFenty pic.twitter.com/YcihrB6VBZ I can imagine what’s going on in every girls mind rn seeing this #SavageXFenty pic.twitter.com/NUOpBpYnOV Rihanna got everyone waiting in LINE on the internet just to look at the #SavageXFenty website lordddd😂 "You could try Sears." - Rihanna to meK y'all, going to bed without my #SavageXFenty lingerie and I'm not pleased. pic.twitter.com/EJVxMjI3DO Savage x Fenty, however, turned out to be well worth the wait. Much like her beauty brand, Rihanna's endeavor into lingerie stands out in the market due to its inclusive sizing options, diverse cast of models, and affordable price point (everything in the Savage x Fenty collection is under $100).  Once you finally make it through Savage x Fenty's virtual line, what should you actually buy? Consider the below your guide on the Riri-approved essentials. 1) A Lace Bra The lace bras make for one of the most versatile pieces of the collection—and one you'll likely get the most wear out of. Plus, there are an endless amount of colors and styles to choose from. Savage x Fenty lace bra (available in 5 colors), $24, SHOP 2) A Corset or Bodysuit The corsets and bodysuits can easily double as a going-out top when styled with a pair of jeans and heels—making this buy work as both underwear and outerwear.  Savage x Fenty corset, $89, SHOP 3) A Matching Lingerie Set How many matching sets of bras and panties do you actually own? Chances are not a lot. If there was ever a time to buy a sexy matching set, this is it.  Savage X Fenty bra, $44, garter, $30, and underwear, $24, SHOP 4) Underwear Whether you opt for the 3 for $33 deal or not, try one of the many panty styles—whether you're a thong or briefs girl, there's something for everyone (and also offered in multiple shade of nude).   Savage x Fenty cheeky (available in 4 colors), $18, SHOP 5) An Over-the-Top Bad Gal Riri-Esque Piece And come on, you can't not buy a daring piece that would do the icon herself proud. A fur-trimmed sheer robe and romper? Yes, OF COURSE YOU NEED THIS IN YOUR LIFE!! Welcome to the Bad Gal Riri way. Savage x Fenty romper and robe, $79 each, SHOP
 An exclusive sneak peek at some of the designer items in Target's Anniversary Collection special. When Target announced it was bringing back archival pieces from 20 of its designer collaborations over the years, the ears of many once-scorned shoppers perked up. For those who missed out on some of the instantly sold-out collaborations (from Missoni madness to Proenza Schouler flying off the shelves), this is a second chance to score the affordably priced designer pieces.  Among the lineup of designer collaborations making a limited-edition comeback is one of Target's most popular: Rodarte. Launched in 2009, the Rodarte x Target collection featured 55 pieces including dresses, skirts, tights, and more—all designed by the brand's creative directors, Kate and Laura Mulleavy. As part of Target's 20 years of designer partnerships celebration, nine pieces from the archival collection will be reissued.  Included in the Anniversary Collection are romantic tulle and lace dresses, a blouse, camisole, and skirts. A sheer magenta pussy bow blouse and matching tulle skirt capturing the essence of the ethereal, ultra-feminine Californian brand will also be reissued. Prices range from $20 for the lace camisole to $40 for the mini dress. The blouses and skirts will retail for $25 and $30, respectively.  Along with Rodarte, Target will also be bringing back pieces from collaborations with Missoni, 3.1 Phillip Lim, Zac Posen, Lilly Pulitzer, Jason Wu, Anna Sui, and more. Prices will range from $7 to $160 and—unlike many of the previous designer collabs—will include extended sizing.  “Two decades ago, when we first set out to make beautifully designed products affordable, we created a movement in retail and culture that proclaimed that design could be—and should be—for all,” Rick Gomez, Target’s executive vice president and chief marketing and digital officer, said in a statement. “This Anniversary Collection takes our guests on a nostalgic journey through our designer collaboration history where they can discover products that they’ll fall in love with all over again, or for some, for the very first time.” Target's Designer Anniversary Collection will be available to shop starting Saturday, September 14, in stores and online at target.com. 
 Investments that will stand the test of time. A splash of colored gemstones can add instant glamour to any look. Whether emerald earrings, stackable ruby rings or a necklace set with sapphires, every woman should have a few basic pieces of vibrant stones in her arsenal.  Red carpet trends have led to a recent resurgence for the bold stones—more and more, stylish women are looking for rare stones that are full of character, like for non-traditional designs to set them apart from the crowd. "We've seen a significant increase in demand for colored gemstones in the past year as more and more people are looking for jewelry that reflects their own individuality," says Elena Basaglia, Manager at Gemfields Downstream, the London-based gemstone specialists. "Colored gemstones contain subtle differences in color variations, shapes, cuts and special features that are completely unique." So whether you wear yours with a T-shirt and jeans or save one show-stopping piece for special occasions, it's time to invest now and love for a lifetime. Here, 7 must-haves to round out your collection. An eternal staple of your jewelry wardrobe, striking earrings have the power to transform. We've set our eye on this ruby chandelier design—the delicate geometric shapes catch the light perfectly and add major pizzazz.  Couture Voyage New York earrings, Stephen Webster SHOP NOW Never underestimate the appeal of a single, bold cocktail ring. This glittering creation from Leibish, for example, offers major sparkle thanks to the eye-catching emerald stone.   Cocktail ring, Leibish  SHOP NOW You can wear an understated yet elegant trinket with nearly everything in your wardrobe. Ruby stones keep it unique and add a personal touch to any outfit or occasion. Seraphina necklace and Seraphina ring, GFG by Nilufer SHOP NOW For more dramatic moments, you'll need a scene-stealing necklace. The gobstopper stones in this Leibish design were made to be seen and adored. Wear it against bare skin and keep other accessories to a minimum for maximum impact. Statement necklace, Leibish  SHOP NOW  This is the piece that will be treasured and passed on for generations. Choose a timeless design with a modern twist, such as these emerald earrings. The teardrop gems combined with climbers make for the best of both worlds.  Foliage earrings, Fabergé SHOP NOW It goes without saying that hoop earrings are a jewelry box essential, but these Chopard beauties are an updated spin on the staple. The vibrant emerald stones loop around the ear for an unconventional twist.  Green Carpet earrings, Chopard SHOP NOW Whether worn alone as a pretty accent or stacked with other pieces, beautifully pavé-set stones in a chic setting is guaranteed to make for a conversation piece.  Nudo ring, Pomellato SHOP NOW   Gemfields is a world-leading supplier of responsibly sourced colored gemstones and is committed to championing integrity within the colored gemstone industry.  Styled by Charlotte Davey; Jewelry box from Aspinal of London.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 From the breakout models to Bad Gal Riri on a dirtbike.  Now that the Spring 2018 collections have officially come to an end in New York, take a look back at the greatest moments of the week. From the rising new models to unexpected front row stars and Marc Jacobs's grand finale of bold colors and prints, here's a recap of the week's highlights.  When Tom Ford sent invitations for his Spring 2018 show along with a bottle of his new fragrance, Fucking Fabulous, we knew it would be...well, fucking fabulous. On the eve of New York Fashion Week, the designer debuted a collection of glitz, glamour, and ultra-sexy silhouettes at the Park Avenue Armory. The star-studded front row hosted a newly blonde Kim Kardashian, Julianne Moore, Ciara, Chaka Khan, and more.  Cindy Crawford's supermodel offspring made her highly-anticipated runway debut at Calvin Klein, just days after turning 16. In her first week of walking, Kaia went on to open the Alexander Wang show, walk Coach and Fenty x Puma by Rihanna, and then made a grand finale closing the Marc Jacobs show.  Carine Roitfeld's "Icons" party, held at New York's Plaza Hotel, reigned supreme with a performance by September cover star The Weeknd and endless A-list appearances from Selena Gomez, Nicki Minaj, Kim Kardashian, Jared Leto, Courtney Love, the model set, and more.  Leslie Jones became the front row cheerleader fashion never knew it needed at Christian Siriano's Spring 2018 show. The comedian couldn't contain her emotions over all the stunning runway gowns—which ranged from having her breath taken away to yelling "YASSS" and "YOU WORK IT, GIRL!" at the models. Watch the incredible moment in all of its glory here.   When the haters tried to say I was too extra yesterday.....🤔 I turned around and CLOSED ANOTHER RUNWAY SHOW even more EXTRA!! & ima do it AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN cause these b!tches can't take!!! Mc Debra voice 💅🏾💪🏾😩😩😂😂😂😂💼💼💼💼💼 #philippplein #FashionWeek #NYFW #HarlemGirl thank you @philipppleininternational u da shit!!! and @future you killed the live music bro!!! 📹: @imanshumpert A post shared by Jimmy Neutch (@teyanataylor) on Sep 9, 2017 at 9:42pm PDT The "Fade" dancer proved her runway prowess when she closed the show at Philipp Plein with one of the most epic walks of all time. Giving us endless attitude, sass, and killer moves, Taylor went on to walk The Blonds and GCDS shows as the runway's fiercest new star.  Alexander Wang brought the fashion set to Bushwick, Brooklyn for a Spring 2018 runway staged on the street. Models, led by Kaia Gerber, entered the runway via a WANGFEST tour bus. As for the after party? There were performances by Cardi B, Ashanti and Ja Rule along with a bouncy house, donut towers, an ice bar, cocktail juice pouches, and an inflatable pool filled with bottles of Budweiser. Pretty low-key.  It might as well have been renamed New York Fenty Week this season, as Rihanna took over with the launch of her Fenty Beauty line followed by an unforgettable Fenty x Puma runway show Sunday night. The runway of pink sand mountains kicked off with motocross stuntmen soaring across the set on their bikes—and subsequently ended with Rihanna taking her final "bow" on the back of a bike. The collection itself was a strong mix of colorful '90s-infused nylon pieces with '80s swimwear and risk-taking stiletto flip flops.   There is a first time for everything, even at 83! First #nyfw show @prabalgurung, a kind man doing great work in fashion and beyond. A post shared by Gloria Steinem (@gloriasteinem) on Sep 10, 2017 at 4:28pm PDT At 83 years old, the feminist icon had her first fashion show experience sitting front row at Prabal Gurung's Spring 2018 show, which she proudly documented on Instagram. Given the designer's penchant for casting diverse models and using fashion to make activist statements, it was a fitting choice for Steinem's first runway.  In the sweetest sister moment to ever grace the catwalk, Bella helped Gigi down the runway at Anna Sui's Spring 2018 show after the model suffered a wardrobe malfunction and had to walk wearing only one high heel. The younger Hadid held onto her sister as the two walked arm-in-arm for the finale. Despite the fact, Gigi of course champed her way down the runway  and ultimately, the faux pas made for Instagram gold. Sister power.  With a performance at Alexander Wang's after party and several front row appearances throughout the week, the rapper quickly became fashion's most unexpected breakout star.  The singer surprised everyone with a beautiful set at Maryam Nassir Zadeh's show, which was held outside at the East River Park track. For what felt like a completely spontaneous performance, Solange also debuted her new blonde braids.  Ralph Lauren's impressive luxury car collection served as the backdrop to the designer's Spring 2018 show. Held at the designer's private garage in Bedford, New York, showgoers were treated to a collection that infused high fashion with fast cars.  For the grand finale of New York Fashion Week, Marc Jacobs staged a breathtaking collection of color, prints, and bright turbans topping off every look. Bringing back maximalism, the vacation-inspired collection hit the runway in complete silence at the Park Avenue Armory—until the finale brigade when loud opera music filled the empty room. 
 The designer will now concentrate fully on his eponymous label. Jason Wu has confirmed that he will be cutting professional ties with Hugo Boss after acting as the brand’s artistic director of womenswear for five years, WWD reports. Wu will show his final collection for the house—a Gallery Collection presentation at Cedar Lake—today during New York Fashion Week.   “It’s public knowledge that about a year and a half ago there was a management change at Hugo Boss,” Wu explained. “I’ve stayed on to help the brand with the transition of its next stage. It’s going on to the next generation and iteration of Hugo Boss.”   Wu also explained that he was “very, very proud” of his five-year stint at the brand, adding, “I feel like by today’s standards that’s a very long time.” As well as his role at Hugo Boss, the designer has been running his own namesake label, which is now 10 years old. Stepping down from this role will allow him to concentrate full-time on his own brand.   “I’ve worn many different hats in the past 10 years and throughout my whole career, I am never the complaining kind,” he said. “I love doing a lot of things. One of my biggest idols is Karl Lagerfeld. I think to be able to do a lot if fortunate. I’m really happy to have done a lot. But I’m also happy now that I can concentrate 100 per cent on my brand… After 10 years in the business, I feel like I need to devote all my energy to my own label.”   It has not yet been announced who will replace Wu at Hugo Boss, but the label’s executives were very complimentary of the designer's work with them.  Brand officer Ingo Wilts said, “I feel certain that he will approach all his future projects with the same compelling passion and zest that he brought to Hugo Boss—and for which we are highly indebted to him at that time.”   
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 The new styles will make you do a triple-take.  Ugg boots have been a winter mainstay since the early 2000s but now, the classic boot is getting a redesign that will certainly catch your attention.  In a special collaboration with French Fashion brand Y/Project, Ugg reimagined its iconic boot for a collection including slouchy over-the-knee styles, triple layered renditions, and slides. One thing's for certain: these are not your Paris Hilton's early aughts Uggs.  Tapping into the ongoing ugly shoe trend (let us not forget this past season's Balenciaga Crocs), Ugg and Y/Project's designs are a mash-up of thigh-high, fashion-forward takes and reconstructed silhouettes.  "The UGG Classic boot is one of the most recognizable shoes in history. Its timeless and challenging design made it a worldwide statement. Y/Project is about challenges. Since launch we've been twisting the grounded codes, we challenged the acceptable and triggered people by putting focus on the unexpected. By reworking the Classic boot with a typical Y/Project twist such as the triple overlaps and the extra-long legs we want to celebrate the UGG brand's unique history," Glenn Martens, creative director of Y/Project, said in a statement from the brand.  The boots will range in price from $300 - $1,400 and will be available to shop this fall.  As the wise philosopher Paris Hilton would say: That's hot. (...Or that's not?)
 The model embraces her baby bump with some bold looks.  When it comes to maternity style, Slick Woods isn't here to play it safe or adhere to any so-called "rules" about covering up her body. The 22-year-old model (and muse to Rihanna) is fully embracing her pregnancy with some boundary-pushing looks at New York Fashion Week.  Attending Elle Magazine's NYFW kickoff party on Wednesday night, Slick stunned in a sleek black suit by streetwear brand Seen. The model opted to go topless under the unbuttoned jacket, showing off her baby bump (and that pregnancy glow) on the red carpet.  But Slick didn't stop there with the daring looks. Last night, at  the Daily Front Row's Fashion Media Awards, she opted for a see-through feathered mini dress with some pink furry heels to match. The naked dress moment made for another unexpected maternity look that celebrated her pregnancy instead of trying to cover it up. At a time when women are still being shamed for breastfeeding in public, Slick's maternity looks challenge the outdated and sexist notions that a woman should have to conceal her pregnant body. And while Slick has always been one to push boundaries when it comes to fashion, doing so during her pregnancy (and at New York Fashion Week, no less) is a reminder that we don't have to limit "maternity style" to flowing, oversized dresses that women need to hide behind.   22 A post shared by @ slickwoods on Aug 14, 2018 at 2:57pm PDT Here's hoping Slick makes another appearance this week modeling at Rihanna's Savage x Fenty lingerie presentation on the final night of New York Fashion Week.  Love you like cooked food A post shared by @ slickwoods on Aug 28, 2018 at 4:38pm PDT
 Skip your go-to cut-offs in favor of something a little more creative... Get creative with your maillot and bikini cover-ups this summer, from bringing back the itsy-bitsy sarong to donning a linen trench on the beach. Because just about anything lightweight can get the job done.   This vintage Chanel ensemble is enough to convince us that an old school mini matching sarong is the only way to go. Sarong, $150, revolve.com. SHOP Consider this The Row dress an unexpected but very welcome match for a poolside tryst. Add the liner back in for a dinner date later on. The Row gown, $6,290, net-a-porter.com. SHOP  Not the boho beach pant type? Just don your favorite tailored pants for an elegant effect that's still covered up.  Aritzia pants, $125, aritizia.com. SHOP A lightweight trench over a high waisted bikini? We dare you to come up with a good reason why not.  Michael Kors collection linen trench, $2,995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP A roomy, airy jumpsuit is just the thing for a balmy beach day. Pair with a matching head scarf for a winning combo. Lacausa jumpsuit, $143, lacausa.com. SHOP Leave less to the imagination in a bold hued top over your bikini of choice. House of Sunny shirt, $57, houseofsunny.co.uk. SHOP Is there anything sexier than a menswear button-down on the beach? Club Monaco button-down, $110, mrporter.com. SHOP This little see-through mini looks like it belongs on a supermodel in 1995—in San Tropez. Which is exactly why we love it. Jacquemus top, $340, farfetch.com. SHOP A roomy cotton blazer isn't what you might first think of for over your favorite maillot. But again, we ask, why not? Asos blazer, $47, asos.com. SHOP Skip the tunic in favor of a gorgeous gauzy white gown and hit the nearest hammock asap. Merlette dress, $580, matchesfashion.com. SHOP A see-through polkadot nightgown is just the thing over a minimal black suit. Sleeper dress, $180, the-sleeper.com SHOP A maxi skirt that makes an entrance works perfectly with string bikini tops—and basket bags, of course.  Haider Ackermann skirt, $1,560, matchesfashion.com. SHOP
 The world’s oldest working model looks back on more than 60 years of photographs in Harper’s Bazaar.  Carmen Dell’Orefice was just 13 years old when she was discovered on a crosstown bus on New York’s 57th Street, some 73 years ago. Now, at 86, she’s still at it, which makes her the longest-working model in history. That’s her story and she’s sticking to it. And why not? It happens to be true. I’ve known Carmen (she goes by her first name only) for more than 20 years. But even today when I am in her company, I cannot take my eyes off her. That’s how strikingly beautiful she is. She’s also one of the sweetest people on the planet. There’s not a diva’s bone in her five-foot-nine-inch body—though she’d be the first to admit that her bones are a bit more brittle these days.  Her relationship with Harper’s Bazaar began sporadically in the early 1950s, following her career at Vogue and an ongoing campaign for Vanity Fair—the lingerie company, not the magazine. When she seriously caught the eye of Diana Vreeland, Bazaar’s extremely particular fashion editor, she was already 26, nearing retirement age for most models at the time. Mrs. Vreeland wanted Richard Avedon to bring Carmen to Paris to shoot the collections for the September 1957 issue, but Avedon was resistant. “Diana twisted his arm,” says Carmen. “At the time he was besotted with model Suzy Parker, who was a close friend of mine and a year younger.” Avedon relented with a caveat: that he’d bring Suzy along as a backup in case Carmen didn’t work out. “He was being forced to use me, and I knew it,” she laments. “He focused on everything he thought was wrong with me, including the length of my hair. I didn’t have much of an ego, so I never said a word.” Luckily, it all went beautifully and both models appeared in the feature. “We shot on the streets of Paris—a famous one is of me in midair under an umbrella—and at the Folies-Bergère.” Eventually Avedon felt more comfortable in Carmen’s company, and she in his. “I felt most at ease with him in the studio when he would play music—Cole Porter and others,” she recalls. “He’d dance around and gesticulate. That meant I didn’t have to interpret his signals.” Working with Lillian Bassman was an altogether different story. “She was very slow and very quiet,” Carmen says of posing for the pioneering female photographer, whose images were laced with a furtive eroticism. “When she was shooting she would half-close her eyes.” For Carmen, a tightly cropped black-and-white photograph of her lacing up her own corset says it all. There were other Bazaar photographers Carmen did stories with, like the eccentric Gleb Derujinsky. “Gleb was rather a bad boy and not at all reliable. The truth is that he was far more interested in gliding. If it was a good day weatherwise, he’d just as soon be up in the sky as holding a camera in his hands.” In the photo he took of Carmen in a Paris bistro for the April 1957 issue, she wore a Chanel suit that she fell in love with but couldn’t afford. When she got home she took some drapery fabric and, excellent seamstress that she was, made herself a copy of the suit—shades of Scarlett O’Hara. As for the floating shot of Carmen by Melvin Sokolsky in the October 1960 issue, she explains: “Mel had a bicycle seat attached to a pipe positioned halfway up the wall. It went through the gray seamless paper and was solidly affixed to another wall behind it. The back seams of my garments had been opened to accommodate the following maneuver: I had to climb up a ladder, with an assistant on another ladder, until I could position myself on the seat. I had only my well-exercised thighs and Cleopatra’s Clutch muscles to keep me balanced—all in order to live out Mel’s fantasy.” In the past couple of years, Carmen has shot campaigns for Sephora and H&M and closed an haute couture show for Guo Pei. She is also the subject of an upcoming documentary, Carmen Dell’Orefice: The Legend Down the Hall, instigated by her longtime friend, fashion illustrator David Downton. He convinced her to let photographer Tim Petersen follow her almost everywhere she went, including the operating room for one of her hip surgeries, and most recently on assignment in Beijing for a mere four days. Of Carmen, Petersen says admiringly, “Five years ago, I set out to document ‘a magic carpet ride’ of her life and ended up on a fascinating roller coaster of galas, hospitals, couture, first-class suites, and drag queens—all in the omnipresence of real star power.” “I had only my well-exercised thighs and Cleopatra’s Clutch muscles to keep me balanced—all in order to live out Mel’s fantasy.” But even with all of the highs in Carmen’s life and career, it’s her onetime strained relationship with Avedon that sticks with her. “Fortunately, it has a nice ending,” she says. “Many years later, I was to be part of a TV commercial he was directing. It was a huge production with all of this unnecessary busyness. Dick came onto the set and asked, ‘Do you mind if I sit next to you?’ By all means, I replied. Pull up a chair. He paused for a few seconds, then out came these words: ‘Remember those wonderful days? I only wish I knew then what I know about you now.’ ” If only. This article originally appears in the April 2018 issue of Harper's Bazaar.  Lead image: Carolina Herrera blouse; Chopard jewelry. 
 We took the most out-of-the-box looks from New York's Spring 2018 runways to the streets. The Paris Couture shows had us wondering whether even the most adventurous of fashion girls could wear Haute Couture in real life—and we put our theory to the test. Turns out, it's not so tough to hit the food market, the metro and the quaint cafés of the Marais in a gargantuan gown. In the spirit of test driving jaw-dropping looks from the runway, we took to New York Fashion Week to comb the Ready-to-Wear collections for all the looks that may not be dubbed "wearable"—to prove just how easy it is to wear this season's top trends IRL. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Start the day off in Siriano. If you're lucky enough to own these walking florescent ruffles from Christian Siriano's Spring 2018 runway, odds are you'll be partying all night long–and heading to work in a hurry. En route, you'd probably stop off at your favorite diner, where you're a local and the manager knows your name and how you like your coffee, for a morning pick me up.   Before a hard day's work, its time to hit the gym—in Fenty x Puma by Rihanna, bien sur. The best work outs usually happen when you're looking (and feeling) your best. Whoever says there is no such thing as (or no need for) an athletic heel, a gym-worthy jumpsuit, or an ultra-low pair of parachute pants, should reconsider. There is no leg workout quite like hitting an elliptical or a treadmill in 5 inch heels–we hear it does wonders for toning your legs–and making your shoes a walkable stretch in the process.   It appears these pieces are as practical as they are irreverent–and make for the chicest workout we've ever seen. After some cardio and weights, a quick rinse, blow dry and costume change, you have business to attend to. Take a risk and trade in your gym clothes for a micro mini (with crystal-encrusted undergarments to match).  Tom Ford's ombré crystal after-hours looks turned 9 to 5 when we took them for a spin in the office and challenged their NSFW-style. It appears that ample doses of sparkle make a confident impression in meetings, while sky-high stilettos paired with the shortest of hemlines and strong shoulders ooze authority rather than sex appeal when they demand to be taken seriously. These looks get bonus points for seamlessly transitioning from the office to a crazy-fun night out. Office hours are much more fun when you're covered in sparkles.     Bold colors make running errands less of a chore. Head out in bright tones and vibrant prints: like Josep Font's embroidered riff on paisley for Delpozo. Against the concrete jungle of Manhattan, you'll be sure to stand out. Embrace it by throwing on a lip color that makes the brights in your look pop. Your inspiring ensemble will boost the mood during rush hour, and turn heads.    Confetti-clad looks are reason enough to throw a party...and create your own rom-com-worthy fashion montage while you're at it. Carolina Herrera's cocktail looks from her Spring 2018 collection, which debuted at the MoMA, call for feather boas, strings of beads and endless aisles of balloons, candy and favors. Be forewarned, they might just inspire a little mid-shopping dance party. Starring Susanne Knipper and Bhumhika Arora for The Society Management in Tom Ford, Fenty x Puma by Rihanna, Delpozo, Carolina Herrera and Christian Siriano Spring 2018. Created by Carrie Goldberg; Directory of Photography Eric Teti; Photographer Allie Holloway; Produced by Rachel Leiberman; Hair by John Rudiant using Evo Hair; Makeup by Victor Henao; Video Edited by Tarek Gamaledin; Production Assistant Jay LaForest; Market Assistant Victoria Sines.
 The collection was inspired by the designer's home in Jamaica. Ahead of Ralph Lauren's Spring 2018 see-now, buy-now show this morning, the designer took to Instagram to share several videos highlighting the inspiration behind his collection: the island of Jamaica.   Inspired by Round Hill Hotel and Villas, the family's vacation home and resort in Montego Bay, the show kicked off with a string of barefoot models wearing vibrant blue and white sundresses. The first six models hit the runway sans any footwear at all—opting for a laid-back, island vibe instead of teetering heels. Though the rest of the runway looks featured models walking in a variety of vacation-ready sandals, pumps, and espadrilles, the designer's decision to kick off the show with all barefoot looks was a swift departure from his typically more buttoned-up collections.   From ultra-nautical blue and white looks to designs featuring the yellow and green colors of Jamaica's flag, Lauren's spring collection was a mashup of the island's serene beach vibes along with the brand's signature style. Along with the collection, the runway itself was built as a mini version of the designer's Jamaican retreat.  "Everyone wishes for a magical place where they can step out of time and into the beauty of nature. I wanted to share the mood, the light, the blue and white freshness of my retreat in Jamaica," Lauren wrote in the show notes.   From the nautical sundresses to the striped separates and more, the spring collection is already available to shop now at RalphLauren.com. Luckily, it's fairly easy to DIY the barefoot runway look yourself at home.  SHOP RALPH LAUREN'S SPRING 2018 COLLECTION HERE 
 The 'Starboy' singer is back with another collection for the retailer.  Following a successful collaboration with H&M last spring, The Weeknd is back with a second collection for the Swedish retailer this fall. The singer shared a first look at the new pieces on Instagram today, posing in a purple and black varsity jacket embroidered with a "W" and black patches.  According to his caption, the collection is set to hit stores and online September 28th.   While it's unclear how many pieces will be included in the singer's second collection for the fast fashion retailer, his spring line featured leather jackets, sweatshirts, bomber jackets, trench coats, and more. So the purple satin varsity jacket he Instagrammed is likely just the first of many more pieces to come.  This is just the latest in The Weeknd's foray into the fashion world. Last month, he designed sneakers for Puma and nabbed his first September cover posing alongside Adriana Lima, Irina Shayk, and Candice Swanepoel for Harper's BAZAAR.  
 NY-based Mateo creates dreamy fine jewelry you can actually afford.  For fine jewelry at its finest, our editors and favorite celebs (think Anne Hathaway, Kerry Washington, Kate Bosworth, and Vanessa Hudgens) turn to NY-based Mateo. We asked founder and designer Matthew Harris about the vision behind his brand, the ShopBAZAAR Hero, and how he practices self-care. Describe the beginnings of your brand.Mateo New York started with the selfish desire to make personal jewelry for myself. Rihanna wore a piece from my collection and retailers started asking for more. That’s how simple and organically the brand started. Since then we have grown tremendously, selling our collection worldwide. We take inspiration from modern art and artists such as Alexander Calder and Kandinsky, to name a few.What is the Mateo philosophy?The brand’s philosophy is to make great personal jewelry at affordable luxury prices to last a lifetime.   Signature Mateo design trait?Our signature is simplicity and minimalism—one almost forgets they have the piece on as it becomes a part of the person.     Mateo necklace, $275, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW Favorite style icon?Grace Jones.     Obsessed with this pic..... Annie wearing @boss @wolford and @mateonewyork 📸 by the very special @hairbyadir #styledbyLAW #fLAWless #annehathaway #morethan1 A post shared by  Law Roach (@luxurylaw) on Jan 29, 2019 at 8:46pm PST 
 She sells seashells by the seashore.  Make jewelry brand of the moment Brinker & Eliza your go-to destination for all your warm-weather accessory needs. The mother-daughter duo behind the collection tells us what makes their namesake label so special, why the exclusive ShopBAZAAR Hero deserves your attention, and the craftsmanship that goes into each piece.  Describe the beginnings of Brinker & Eliza.My mom and I have been designing jewelry together for as long as I can remember. My mom, Brinker, was trained in silversmithing and metalworking. She used to have her own line of jewelry (walking into her studio was like walking into a candy store, only instead of candy, it was beads and charms and wire…) and we would always design pieces together on the side. We launched our joint line, Brinker & Eliza, in 2017. That’s when we set up the website, made a look book, decided on a name. In 2018, it became full-time. That’s really when it felt “real,” when we realized, Wow. We’re actually doing this.  My background is in fashion merchandising, which helped prepare me for a lot of what I do now. That said, I feel like we are both learning something new every day; h ow to handle growth (we’re a team of two); inventory management; the process of expanding wholesale. The list goes on, but that’s part of what has made this experience so satisfying. That, and the fact that we can do whatever we want with the product, no matter how “out there” it is. We have definitely made some styles that may not have “mainstream salability” potential, but for now, because we’re small, we get to take risks and make things that we love. "Our hope is that, when someone wears a Brinker & Eliza piece, it will always feel like it was made for them." Brand philosophy and vision?We’re a mother/daughter-run company, and we currently make everything by hand. There isn’t a piece that gets shipped out that we don’t touch. Now, as we grow, that model will have to change, which is both a relief (because it means we get to focus on other exciting areas of the brand), and a pretty scary concept! The most important thing to us as we continue to scale is that a personal element remains: that our customers know the people behind the brand, that they feel like they can DM us on Instagram to say hey, that every earring, necklace, bracelet continues to feel special. Our hope is that, when someone wears a Brinker & Eliza piece, it will always feel like it was made for them.  Inspiration behind the new collection?Being from a small beach town in Connecticut, going to the beach is a part of our day to day life, even in the winter. There’s still few things I’d rather do than walk along the beach with my mom and hunt for shells and sea glass. It's always been our “thing.” For this collection, we played around with dyed shells and vintage shell florets. We also like to incorporate vintage and “found” elements into our lines, like 1940s zodiac pendants and other various charms that my mom has collected over the years. 5 words that describe the Brinker & Eliza customer?We can’t sum it up into five words, but we think she’s someone who doesn’t take herself too seriously, who has fun with fashion, and who enjoys playing dress up for everyday life, not just for an occasion that requires it. What makes the exclusive ShopBAZAAR Hero earrings so special?Three ruby-colored stones set these earrings apart. The second we saw the color of the stones against the shells, we just knew. Craftsmanship behind the pieces?We make each piece by hand in our studio in Connecticut. We pack and ship the jewelry ourselves, too. Matching up shells is one of our favorite parts of the process. It’s like a meditation, finding colors and sizes that match. Because they’re natural shells, drilling them takes care and skill. Luckily my mom is a wizard in this area. It’s mesmerizing to watch.    Our One In A Million Pendants ready to ship out 🐚🐚🐚 A post shared by  BRINKER & ELIZA (@brinkerandeliza) on Feb 7, 2019 at 12:11pm PST    I meaaaaan 😍 @musesuniform in our Showstopper Necklace and our Pass The SPF Necklace 💥 Swipe for details and tap the link in our bio to shop! A post shared by  BRINKER & ELIZA (@brinkerandeliza) on Mar 18, 2019 at 7:03am PDT Favorite style icons?Anyone who wears whatever the hell they want, regardless of occasion, and who dresses up—whatever that means to them, regardless of location.If you could own a piece of fashion from the past, what would it be?Any vintage US Ski team jacket. (I actually have one, but I wish I had like, 90.) Also, my mom was given my grandmother’s suits from the fifties and tailored them/changed up the fit. I’ve seen pictures and they’re so, so cool. I wish she still had them so I could steal them!
 On night three of London Fashion Week, the Woolmark Prize staged their annual fashion show with cash prizes totaling over 300,000AUD. Twelve international designers showed back to back, three of their best looks for the design competition in front of fashion editors, tastemakers and bold-faced name judges. This year's judges consisted of Instyle magazine editor in chief Laura Brown, former Lanvin creative director Alber Elbaz, and Tim Blanks just to name a few.  "There were 12 great designers today from around the world,” said Alber Elbaz who judged this year's competition. “It was quite wonderful to see designers from places like Korea, China and Sweden, because sometimes in fashion we think everything happens in Paris, so this was a reminder that the world is big and fashion comes from everywhere around the world.”  Each designer was challenged to design something original to their brand using Merino wool. The show concluded with an acapella performance of Queen's "Don't Stop Me Now," and a flurry of confetti that fell inside Lindley Hall.  To get down to the final winners, Woolmark brought out surprise guest, Colin Firth, to announce the Innovation prize.  The actor divulged about his own relationship with fashion, as he's come to be regarded as one of the most stylish stars. But that wasn't always the case for the Brit.  "I spent most of my life fashion-blind, so this has been a steep learning curve," Firth told the crowd. "I had pretty much no engagement with fashion before, until I met Tom Ford, and that was an interest in tailoring—not really because of anything he said, but because being in the presence of Tom Ford requires you to scrub up a bit." Firth announced Edward Crutchley as the winner of the 100,00AUD award. The designer was then called back to the stage shortly after to accept his menswear designer award, picking up another 200,000AUD to invest into his business along with a mentor and a retail sponsor for his collection.  Game of Thrones' Gwendoline Christie did the final honors of the evening announcing the womenswear award, which was presented to the wife and husband duo behind Colovos, who will also receive 200,00AUD towards their brand and mentorship 
 And they're bedazzled... It's been a year since Christopher Kane sent his first designer crocs down the runway. They trended on Twitter, blew up Instagram, and became the most polarizing fashion news since Balenciaga voted Bernie. But today, Kane introduced his newest Croc collab in London, and to follow February's fur versions, he went all in on sparkle.  #ESfashion insta review. 📸 @ChristopherKane: London's creative alchemist had a Royal Doulton figurine collecting domestic goddess in mind for SS18. But, of course, in true Kane fashion it was underlined with a somewhat subversive sauciness. 'I have always been obsessed by that pristine woman, so clean, so proper, yet having an emotional breakdown inside,' he explained in his show notes. Think Forties housecoats with gigantic jewelled buttons, silky slip dresses, spray-and-wipe jackets gussied up with doily lace collars and negligee gowns; all revisited with a Cynthia Payne, fetishist bent. His accoutrement edit was also subtly housebound, from hair-netted bags to sparkly crystal-clad 2.0 crocs and mop head heels. Kane has always had a taste for mixing the pretty with the provocative and today's show was part peep show (yes, they were arty bum motifs by John Kacere on dresses and tees), part domestic bliss. For the modern woman anyway. ✏️ @katrinaisrael #backstagewithES #ESmagazine #LFW #ChristopherKane #Londonfashionweek A post shared by  ES Magazine (@eveningstandardmagazine) on Sep 18, 2017 at 8:20am PDT There were several bright colorways (bulldozer yellow, Pepto pink, aqua, plus a black/white combo), each encrusted with massive diamanté jewels. Paired with lace-laddered dresses and crayon red gowns, the Crocs also came in a high top version, with a crystallized piece peeking out from the plastic front. Was the shoe trippy? Sure. Gutsy? Absolutely. But also the most comfortable runway-approved footwear you could ever wear to a friend's wedding.  And for that, Mr. Kane, a grateful style squad thanks you. 
From: ELLE US

 Courtesy of the founder of Donni... Almost four years ago, BAZAAR.com asked Donni (formerly Donni Charm) founder Alyssa Wasko to show us how to tie her fetching scarves as many ways as humanly possible. Apparently we weren't the only ones who saw Wasko's knack for making a scarf into something, well, more than a scarf. "After adding a single scarf top to our SS18 collection, things quickly turned," Wasko explained of how she fell into ready-to-wear, "I wanted to offer something that would give the look of a scarf, but tied as a top that was so easy, anyone could do it." A good designer is always looking for holes in the market, and once Wasko had her top, the ideal bottom wasn't far off,  "I was on a mission to find the perfect super high-waisted breezy linen pant to wear with it. Without success after searching high and low, I made them myself. This led to a second pair of pants and here we are!" "Here" is a full collection of California-inspired, vacation-ready sarong style skirts, bandeau tops, little tanks and those linen trousers in easy-to-wear shades of black, pink, brown, cream and khaki green. Coming in at under $200, they're also easy-to-buy and available now at Moda Operandi and shopdonni.com—just in time for spring break.  
 A veritable rainbow of chic dress options for the new season... Spring dresses are a rare opportunity for one-and-done outfit perfection. From flirty off-the-shoulder options, to romantic maxi dresses, floral minis, of-the-moment patchwork, and neutral numbers, shop 15 frocks that make getting dressed so easy. This fitted dress is perfect for layering a button down under, or throwing a cropped cardigan over to fully change up the look.  A bold sleeve and long length add up to a white dress with major impact. Try it with a cowboy boot before sandals season officially hits. What's not to love about a statement dress that's not over-the-top and entirely wearable. Try it with knee high boots before the weather really heats up.  This faux leather number is all kinds of luxe and has cool button details and a flattering fit for days.  This is the perfect pretty, comfortable beach-to-dinner dress.  We're vibing on the '60s flavor this babydoll mini is serving—like the chicest girl at a luau in 1968.  Bring the beachy vibes by wearing this stellar neutral with nothing underneath—or get your modest on by layering a t-shirt. Either way it's a winner. Grab all the Bardot connotations you can get with one little off-the-shoulder gingham dress. A little spring floral goes a long way. We love the idea of this dress with a strappy, barely-there sandal. A nautical knit dress looks smart for any occasion—with a blazer and loafers for work or with flat slide sandals on the weekend. For when that "I feel pretty" moment really hits.  You'll be the coolest girl in the room in this voluminous white polka dot piece from buzzy designer Jacquemus.  What could be better on a summer night than a '90s inspired minimal yellow mini? A printed red dress that can go off-the-shoulder or on, with a subtle print, will take you through spring and summer with compliments in tow. This subtly-80s influenced maxi dress is an easy wear with high impact.
 Riviter is helping brands better service consumers through social media.  With social media, influencers, and the quickly changing landscape of the Internet, the way we shop is constantly evolving. Our screen time—both on the computer and our phones—is one of the biggest influences shaping what we buy today, whether we realize it or not. Tapping into that phenomenon, a female-founded startup out of Chicago is helping make online shopping more curated than ever through a patented algorithm.  Founded by Andi Hadisutjipto, Kris Woodbeck, and Rachel Chen, Riviter is a tech startup that uses image recognition technology and computer vision to analyze consumers' Instagram and Pinterest activity. With that information, it's then able to offer more personalized shopping recommendations on e-commerce sites. The company then works with major brands—ranging from Maybelline New York to Yves Saint Laurent—to better service its shoppers.  At a time when most women get their shopping inspiration and ideas directly from influencers on Instagram and Pinterest, it makes sense to help brands curate their search through those platforms rather than simply tracking cookies on a browser.    Prada or nada @prada #SuppliedByPrada A post shared by  Chiara Ferragni (@chiaraferragni) on Feb 21, 2019 at 9:23am PST  If you've ever been haunted by ads for a product you once glanced at—without any real intention of actually purchasing—that's a result of the one-faceted side of relying on cookies. Instead, Riviter is helping brands get a clearer picture of items you would want to buy based on the photos you like on Instagram or pin on Pinterest. The technology looks at color, style, and patterns for a more concise idea of what consumers want.   The technology, however, isn't entirely new. In fact, it's the same facial recognition tech used by Facebook for the platform's photo tags. But Riviter marks the first time its been used and optimized for fashion search and brands. If it can serve us better shortcuts to the items we actually want to buy online, then count us in. 
 Going to bed has never looked more chic. There are countless memes about wanting to stay in bed instead of dealing with the day ahead. We love our sleep. But that doesn't mean we should slack off when it comes to picking out our bedtime look. Luckily, these nine pajama brands can make lounging in your bed and your couch—and sometimes the coffee shop in town—look better than an evening gown. They're also the perfect inspiration for your next pajama party. Prepare to look effortlessly chic the next time you wind down for the night. Morgan Curtis launched Morgan Lane in 2014, often referencing her own illustrations as prints for her beautiful PJs. These bedtime pieces are chic, cool, and not too serious.  2014 was a good year for sleepwear. Former fashion editors Kate Zubarieva and Asya Varetsa launched their brand Sleeper that year, and their lightweight, airy nightgowns are so chic that fans the world over are wearing them right from under their duvets out onto the street. In a time when milkmaid style is all the rage, consider these classic nightgowns your after-dark answer to Little House on the Prairie-worthy looks. With breathable cottons and delicate lace touches, these nighties are a throwback in the best way. These are the PJs you imagine yourself wearing in your Nancy Meyers film-worthy beach house. So, even if you can't have the beach house, you can still have the airy, sweet, slightly preppy bedtime set. And they even have mommy-and-me styles. Lake Pajamas shorts set, $88, lakepajamas.com. SHOP NOW Hitting the sheets in 2011, Olivia von Halle looked to the heyday of elegant loungewear—namely the 1920s and Coco Chanel—to launch her popular line of screen-siren-worthy PJs. She's since expanded into robes, slips, and daywear, in solids and whimsical prints—mostly done up in the best silk you've ever felt. With washed silks, soft linens, and breezy cottons, Lunya makes cool-girl comfy clothes out of California. Founder Ashley Merrill wanted out of her husband's frat tees and into something wearable that takes you from the bed to the kitchen, and maybe the front porch. We want all of it.  Lunya robe, $248, lunya.co. SHOP NOW Named in honor of the work of French poet Charles Baudelaire, Fleur du Mal designer Jennifer Zuccarini brings you sexy pieces like Parisian bustiers and sensual slips. Even playful cotton pieces have a sultry wink—because some PJs truly are meant for the bedroom.  If you're looking for cute, solid, cozy clothes, look no further than Eberjey. Named for the Nigerian word for joy, that's just what you'll feel in these ultra-comfy pieces by Alejandrina Mejia and Mariela Rovito. Created with the jet-set in mind, these PJs are made to travel and to feel rich in. Best friends Poppy Sexton-Wainwright and Lauren Leask would never go to bed in a 5-star hotel in their husband's boxers, and neither should you.
 Australian designer Martin Grant opens up about the "Meghan effect" after the Duchess wore his cotton trench—twice—and striking striped maxi dress just a couple of days later.  Australian designer Martin Grant has been flooded with orders since Meghan Markle stepped out wearing two of his designs during her Down Under tour with husband Prince Harry.  The Duchess of Sussex’s choice of a Grant cotton trench—worn twice—followed by a striking Grant striped maxi dress just a couple of days later, clearly marked the Paris-based Aussie designer as a favorite of the stylish royal.  The two designs are currently available for pre-order and, not surprisingly, major retailers, who initially placed orders in July, have been dialing Grant to increase units. Over the last two days, retailers including Barneys, Moda Operandi and Tomorrowland have increased orders. “There is definitely a huge amount of interest for both of the pieces,” Grant told BAZAAR.com.  “I’ve seen around 10 major buyers come through to request more units."   Giving a glimpse into how his designs ended up being worn by Meghan, Grant said the Duchess’s stylist requested samples from his Paris showroom earlier this month. He sent a range of looks and was quickly asked to produce the bespoke designs for the popular royal couple’s Aussie tour.  “They said they loved them, so we asked for a few measurements and turned it around quite quickly—in a matter of five to 10 days,” Grant said. He was unfazed, despite his newest customer’s high profile. “We’re used to doing that for other celebrities,” he said.  Grant's celebrity following includes names Cate Blanchett, Tilda Swinton, Emma Stone and Blake Lively.  The 37-year-old Duchess, whose first pregnancy was announced earlier this week, looked radiant in Grant’s maxi dress on Friday when he and the Prince met the OneWave surfing community support group on Bondi Beach to discuss mental health issues. The couple kicked off their shoes and chilled on the sand, joining in on the colorfully dressed group’s “anti-bad-vibe circle”.   Grant, who is coincidentally home in Australia during the royal tour, said the casual and summery dress was a perfect choice for Australia’s most iconic beach.  “The dress is not designed as a pregnancy dress but it’s early on—she’s not really showing—so it works well. I’m very flattered because she’s a gorgeous girl and she’s got good taste and good style.”  As for Grant’s 100 percent cotton trench, the former Suits actress wore it on outings in both Sydney and Melbourne—proving she recycles clothes just like the rest of us.   “I love the fact she wore it twice,” said Grant. “It shows a certain reality and it’s a classic, neutral piece that can be worn with different styles and shoes. Australians are relaxed, so this makes her more accessible—and less intimidating.”  The Melbourne-born designer, who has been based in Paris for 26 years, has been enjoying the Meghan Markle buzz while visiting family back home this week. “I do hope to meet her in the near future but nothing is planned,” he said. 
 No fashion show gets in the way of sisterly love. Not even an It model like Gigi Hadid can escape a wardrobe malfunction during fashion week. While walking for the Anna Sui show tonight at NYFW, the 22-year-old hit the runway in a bohemian-chic ensemble—complete with a feathered shawl, sequined dress, necklace, and sheer socks—but one of her shoes was missing.  Nevertheless, the model strutted on, unfazed. Hadid's platform sandals didn't look easy to walk in with only half of the pair, but she carried on like a professional, while tiptoeing on her right foot to keep her balance. Gigi Hadid lost a shoe and I barely noticed #Professional @annasui pic.twitter.com/qEBeId2KUA During the final walk, however, her little sister stepped in.  Bella (literally) supported her big sis to keep her from falling, and they closed the show together. No fashion show can get in the way of this strong sister bond.  This is what sibling ❤️ looks like. @YolandaHFoster did a killer job with @GiGiHadid and @bellahadid!! pic.twitter.com/94dtvVXmnD We don't know what exactly happened to Gigi's other shoe, but it doesn't matter. Honestly, she didn't even need it.
 And she was joined by Lady Kitty Spencer and Ashley Graham. Taking place on Lake Como in Italy, Dolce & Gabbana's Alta Moda show featured a whole host of familiar faces, but it was supermodel Naomi Campbell that stole the show on this occasion. Helena Christensen, Ashley Graham, and Lady Kitty Spencer were among the models also walking the runway for Dolce & Gabbana. But it was Campbell's decadent gown, stunning feathered headdress, and elegant accompanying soundtrack which drew everyone's attention to her as she walked:   Princess Diana's niece, Lady Kitty Spencer looked flawless at the show as she posed alongside Emma Thynn, the Viscountess Weymouth, Domenico Dolce, and Stefano Gabbana: This isn't the first time that royals and aristocrats have walked the runway for Dolce & Gabbana, either. Back in February 2018, the brand assembled a regal runway, including Lady Kitty Spencer and Lady Violet Manners for their "Secrets & Diamonds" show. Ashley Graham also walked in the show at Lake Como, however according to reports, not all of her fans were happy about her taking part, following Gabbana's very vocal criticism regarding Selena Gomez.  Just last month, Gabbana commented on a photo of Gomez on Instagram and wrote in Italian, "È proprio brutta!” which roughly translates as "she’s really ugly!" You can view screenshots of the offensive exchange here. Actress Jennifer Tilly shared footage of the jaw-dropping event writing on Twitter, "A little precision to start your day!" in reference to the show's incredible choreography:  A little precision to start your day! @dolcegabbana #AltaModa #DGLovesComo #Italy pic.twitter.com/qj3ut4IA1q 
 Do you see what we see? 👀 Kendall Jenner and Emily Ratajkowski both showed up to Wednesday night's Philadelphia 76ers vs. San Antonio Spurs game in Philly wearing matching black ribbed turtlenecks. Both models stayed true to their unique taste in fashion. Kendall's style preference leans clean, simple, and tailored, mixed with streetwear vibes, while Emily's favorite looks are Southern California cool, with plenty of dresses and tops that show off her décolletage, along with leg-baring bottoms.   
  Although they did not sit together for the game—Emily was spotted cozying up to her husband, Sebastian Bear-McClard, next to Josh Ostrovsky (AKA social media personality @thefatjewish) and Kendall was by herself—they both sat court-side, which gave us a great look at how the two models like to style the classic black sweater.  Emily wore the simple-yet-versatile wardrobe staple as a mini dress and elevated the look with minimal jewelry.  She also played with texture by adding a pair of eye-catching teal crocodile-effect knee-high boots, along with a neutral snakeskin-print waist bag, which gave her overall look an edge. Ratajkowski recently celebrated her husband's birthday, by posting a succinct and lovely post on her Instagram where she said: "HBD, husband. I love you more every day."   HBD, husband. I love you more every day. A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Jan 21, 2019 at 6:05am PST  The two were reportedly in the same friend group for years, and on February 23, 2018, the couple had a surprise civil ceremony at City Hall in Manhattan. Only a few family members and friends (including the groom's BFF Josh Ostrovsky) were at the nuptials. Kendall Jenner, who's rumored to be dating 76ers player Ben Simmons, wore her sweater with a pair of tonal leather pants that showed off her 5'10" frame. She finished the look with gold-tone hoop earrings and midnight blue nail polish.  One interesting accessory Kendall sported that evening was the same black and multicolor, monogram-coated Mini HL Speedy handbag from Louis Vuitton that big sister Kim gifted "all of the baby girls in the fam," including 11-month-old Stormi Webster.   Within the last ten days, this is the third 76ers game Kendall has attended, presumably to watch Simmons play ball. Although KJ would like to keep her relationships private ("If I'm not fully, fully in it with someone, why would I make it public to everyone else?"), she did reciprocate Ben's flirty advances on Instagram.  Two weeks ago, Simmons commented "Come here .."  on a 'gram of Kendall posing in a bikini in a studio, and she simply responded with the race car and gust emojis letting Ben (and her Insta followers) know that she's ready and on her way over to meet him. Although we don't know for sure when she'll show up to Ben's next game, we do know that the 76ers play the Denver Nuggets on Saturday night at 9 PM, so we'll be keeping our eyes peeled for more of Kendall's stylish looks. In the meantime, scroll through the gallery below featuring Kendall's full style evolution.
 Consider this your all access pass into the sexiest runway of the year. The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show has already filmed in Shanghai, and though the broadcast doesn't air until November 28, we have a closer look at what it was like for the models, thanks to Instagram. According to their posts, there were plenty of silk robes, voluminous curls, backstage selfies and squad pics to share. Scroll below for some of the best shots, from Angels to VS newbies. Bella Hadid: Karlie Kloss and Adriana Lima: Romee Strijd, Martha Hunt, Karlie Kloss and Lais Ribeiro: Alessandra Ambrosio: Romee Strijd and Taylor Hill: Lily Aldridge, Josephine Skriver and Romee Strijd: Cindy Bruna: Cindy Bruna, Roosmarijn de Kok, Devon Windsor, Megan Williams, Nadine Leopold and Georgia Fowler: Olivier Rousteing with Lily Aldridge, Stella Maxwell, Romee Strijd, Elsa Hosk, Josephine Skriver, Karlie Kloss, Adriana Lima, Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt, Sara Sampaio and Alessandra Ambrosio: Lais Ribeiro: Candice Swanepoel: Samile Bermannelli: Elsa Hosk: Sara Sampaio: Lameka Fox: Devon Windsor: Martha Hunt and Jasmine Tookes: Grace Elizabeth: Maria Borges: Alexina Graham, Vanessa Moody, Herieth Paul and Frida Aasen: Daniela Braga and Kelly Gale: Amilna Estevao and Leomie Anderson: Daniela Braga: Gisele Oliveira: Bruna Liro: Elsa Hosk, Stella Maxwell, Adriana Lima, Jasmine Tookes and Lais Ribeiro: Leomie Anderson, Lameka Fox and Alanna Arrington: Jourdana Elizabeth: Victoria Lee: Devon Windsor, Megan Williams, Roosmarijn de Kok and Nadine Leopold: Aiden Curtis: Zuri Tibby and Roosmarijn de Kok:   Sanne Vloet: Barbara Fialho: Alecia Morais: Blanca Padilla: Watch this space for updates as models continue to post BTS footage. Catch the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show on November 28 on CBS.
 The Obsessed actress is scoring major style points in her chic ensemble.   This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Actress and cookbook author Ali Larter has us dreaming of our next oceanside vacation. The Final Destination actress stepped out in a stylish navy blue cover-up with white piping for an afternoon at a Los Angeles beach. Her tailored minidress from BASK is made of Turkish terry velour, and can also be worn as a chic double-breasted blazer. She is also sporting a pair of delicate leaf earrings from Alexandra Jules.    She previously twinned with fellow actress, author, and model Molly Sims. In an adorable birthday shout-out on her Instagram, Larter uploaded a picture featuring the two friends standing in front of a lake sporting their Great Gatsby-inspired pieces over their bikinis.   HBD, you Southern bell! You are a fierce working woman, a loving and dedicated mother, a devoted friend, and one hell of a good time. I’ll mug with you anyday. I hope you have the most beautiful day surrounded by those that adore you! 💝 @mollybsims A post shared by  Ali Larter (@alilarter) on May 25, 2019 at 10:02am PDT Sims rocked the navy version while Larter switched it up and went for a pale blue option. Although the double-duty cover-up retails for $335 and can be monogrammed, you can also borrow her blazer in black from Rent the Runway for $55. The retailer also has two similar versions in navy with light blue or red trim for $50 and $45, respectively.  
  Gaining favor with the preps in Nantucket, Martha's Vineyard, and Palm Beach, alongside a crop of Hollywood starlets, this classic look can quickly take you from the beach to your next clambake. And with only two more days until the Fourth of July, this smart fashion staple still has time to potentially become the next big summer trend.  
 It's a below the ankle party and only to chicest shoes are invited... From vibrant mules to Moroccan-inspired slides, crystal embellished pumps and graphic cowboy boots, shoe for spring are as varied as the girls who wear them—but who doesn't love a little variety? Shop 19 standouts of the season, A perfect storm of print and color. Prada shoes, price upon request, prada.com. SHOP A little hardware goes a long way. Dior Baby-D Ballerina shoes, ($890), available at Dior boutiques nationwide (1 800 929 Dior), dior.com. SHOP The cowboy boot gone graphic. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC boots, $1,395, available at select Calvin Klein stores, calvin klein.com. SHOP Part sporty, part party. Fendi Navy Sheer Open Toe Kitten Heel Sandal, $600, available at select Fendi stores, fendi.com. SHOP Consider this shape the new flat. Roger Vivier Bab' Viv shoes, $1,295, available at select Roger Vivier stores, roger vivier.com. SHOP Louis Vuitton Iconic Sandal, $1,089, available at select Louis Vuitton stores (866.vuitton), louis vuitton.com SHOP Dress up jeans or dress down a dress with a great white flat. Proenza Schouler shoe, $820, available at select Proenza Schouler stores, proenza schouler.com. SHOP This sky high pump manages to be ladylike and edgy all at once. Balenciaga black and white wool tweed pumps, $1,190, Forty Five Ten, balenciaga.com for information. SHOP A work of art in patent leather. Alexander McQueen brooch pearls and heirloom embroidered boots, $4,690, available at select Alexander McQueen stores, alexander mcqueen.com. SHOP For those "you fancy" moments. Off-White c/o Jimmy Choo Victoria 100 crystal-embellished satin and vinyl pumps, $1,995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP An evening shoe that really puts on a show. Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello Iris 105 Feather Sandal, $1,395, saint laurent.com. SHOP The spring boot gets the luxe treatment in snakeskin. Celine boots, price upon request, $1,050, available Madison Avenue, celine.com for info. SHOP A mule answers the call for a minimalist shoe, done up in a delightful raspberry shade.  Stuart Weitzman Camila mule in raspberry luxe suede, $455, stuart weitzman.com. SHOP All your toile dreams in a pretty little shoe. Gucci mid-heel pump in buds printed leather, $1,250, available at select Gucci stores, gucci.com. SHOP It's double C's on a grandpa sneaker, you'll never be cooler or more comfortable. Chanel sneakers, $1,025, chanel.com. SHOP It's all about the details in this great sandal. Miu Miu Sandals $1290, available at select Miu Miu boutiques, miu miu.com. SHOP Slippers never had it so good. Zyne Raffia Cutout Slipper, $405 each, moda operandi.com. SHOP For when you're feeling ultra feminine. Valentino Dollybow Pump, $895, available at select Valentino boutiques, valentino.com. SHOP Let this stunner take center stage with easy separates. The Row Coco Suede & Satin Mule Pump, $795, bergdorf goodman.com. SHOP
 Rag & Bone and Prabal Gurung won't show at Hudson Yards following developer Stephen Ross's Trump fundraiser. Two designers have decided not to show at the high-end retail and leisure space Hudson Yards during New York Fashion Week next month after the venue's developer, Stephen Ross, hosted a fundraiser for President Trump's reelection. Rag & Bone will no longer present its spring 2020 collection at The Shed, an event space on the Hudson Yards grounds expected to be NYFW's next home base, a source close to the brand told WWD. The brand hasn't announced a new location yet. Similarly, Prabal Gurung announced that he canceled plans to show at The Vessel (the Yards' honeycomb-like influencer hot spot) as he denounced Ross's involvement with Trump on Twitter last week. He's headed to Spring Studios instead, per WWD. "My goal here is to start a dialogue and maybe, hopefully, change some minds," Gurung said in a string of tweets last Wednesday. "I was previously in conversation with Hudson Yards' The Vessel as the venue for my brand's upcoming 10 year show during NYFW. When I heard about this fundraiser, I chose to pull my participation." 8/10: We hadn’t confirmed anything yet, however we were in direct contact and conversation with the team there and we were keen to partner. The team we were talking to has been wonderful to work with, so I do not wish to implicate the individuals who are simply doing their jobs The brands' distancing themselves from Hudson Yards is the latest of boycotts against Ross and his companies, which include Equinox, SoulCycle, and Blink Fitness, in the wake of the Trump fundraising news first reported by The Washington Post. Designer Dana Lorenz of Fallon Jewelry, even pulled out of the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA), which organizes NYFW, because Ross's wife, jewelry designer Kara Ross, is on the board. The CFDA declined to comment.  "Yesterday, while Mrs. Ross was putting finishing touches on her Trump fundraiser, I was making sure my sobbing housekeeper had her entire family's documents in order, a woman with 3 years citizenship living in fear," Lorenz wrote on Instagram.  Following the outrage, billionaire real estate developer Ross said in a statement that he'll speak out when he disagrees with the president and considers himself "an outspoken champion of racial equality, inclusion, diversity, public education and environmental sustainability." However, that hasn't stopped people—including celebrities—from canceling their memberships with his affiliated gyms.  Ross hosted one of two fundraisers for Trump in the Hamptons on Friday. Together, both events raised $12 million for the incumbent, according to a tweet from Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel. For the gathering at Ross's home, tickets cost $100,000 for a "photo opportunity and lunch," and $250,000 for "the package that includes the roundtable discussion" with the president, according to the invite obtained by The Washington Post.    Fashion Week is no stranger to protests; if anything, it's become a stage for designers to get political through clothing, whether it's with Women's March pussy hats, parody Trump merchandise, feminist slogans, Planned Parenthood pins, or anti-Kavanaugh tees. With NYFW quickly approaching (the five-day event starts September 6), who else will use their platform to speak out?  BAZAAR.com has reached out to The Shed for comment.
 Welcome to the Dior Circus.  Since her appointment as Dior's first female creative director, Maria Grazia Chiuri has delved into the worlds of ballet, 1960s protests, and even rodeos for inspiration on the runway. But for the fashion house's Spring 2019 Haute Couture collection, Chiuri entered new territory with a full-on Dior Circus.  The show, which was held inside an actual circus tent (complete with the Dior logo), took inspiration from the "fantastical creative chaos" of the age-old form of entertainment. There were nods to clowns and jesters, but most stunning was the live acrobatic performance that unfolded. As models walked the runway, a troupe of acrobats from the all-female circus company Mimbre performed alongside the looks. Forming a human archway and various other stunts, the acrobats donned black and white playsuits as they weaved in and out of the collection's looks.   Kicking off the #DiorDreamParade that represented the unveiling of the Dior Spring-Summer 2019 Haute Couture collection by #MariaGraziaChiuri, model @SelenaForrest, a firm House favorite, wearing an asymmetric navy silk velvet cocktail dress with ruffled sailor collar, entered the circus tent show space by passing beneath a human arch provided by @MimbreAcrobats, the all-female acrobatic troupe whose performance punctuated the show.  #DiorCouture A post shared by  Dior Official (@dior) on Jan 22, 2019 at 1:01am PST Featuring women standing on each other's shoulders as a means of support, the all-female performance stood as a symbolic performance of the women-first mentality Chiuri brought with her to Dior. Since making her debut in a "We Should All Be Feminists" slogan t-shirt, the designer has used the runway to celebrate female artists in various ways over the past few seasons.  But the fashion house also has a long-history with the circus. Christian Dior himself often frequented the Cirque d'Hiver for inspiration, which is where Richard Avedon took his iconic photo, 'Dovima and the Elephants,' in 1955. In her show notes, Chiuri called the photo "an image that perfectly evokes the wonder and majesty of haute couture."  "The circus is presented as a place of inclusion in which the clown, through its androgynous and asexual dimension, becomes the expression of a possible equality and an evocation of modernity—one where beauty, origin, gender and age are no longer important, and only technique and daring matter," the show notes concluded.   
 From cat-eyes to tiny '90s frames, the best affordable shades to shop now.  With summer on the horizon, it's time to give your sunglasses collection a quick refresh. From ultra-pointy cat-eyes to tiny '90s-inspired frames and timeless aviators, chances are you've already seen this season's hottest sunglasses trends pop up on your Instagram feed. Step up your own shade game with these cool and on-trend sunglasses that won't break the bank. Click through to shop the best of spring and summer—all for under $100. The small cat-eye sunglass trend isn't going anywhere just yet—and this clear pair makes for an affordable way to try the retro look. Take the '90s-inspired Matrix look to the next level in these tiny specs by Kendall and Kylie Jenner.  Flattering for every face shape, these flat-top sunnies offer the slightest hint of cat-eye. In keeping with the '90s-resurgence, small oval shades have probably already infiltrated your Instagram feed, but it's not too late to try out the look. A pair of white sunglasses adds the perfect contrast to all your spring and summer outfits. For a less trendy take, these round tortoise Le Specs are a classic, but the mirrored lens adds an extra dose of cool.  You can never go wrong with a pair of aviators—these $8 shades from H&M come in four different color options to fit everyone's style needs.  Brighten up your outlook with a pair of colorful lenses.  The perfect neutral, these tortoise sunnies lend a touch of '90s vibes without feeling too retro.  Colored lenses ✔️ Plastic detailing ✔️ '90s-Inspired ✔️ These Quay sunnies check all the boxes of summer's hottest sunglasses trends. And they have the official seal of approval from Kylie Jenner, if you were wondering. These flat top acrylic glasses are the perfect mix between trendy and classic.  If aviators are your shape, make the classic frame stand out by trying an unexpected lens color.  Add a futuristic touch to your look with a pair of mirrored, angular specs.  Proving that small frames aren't the only option this season, these oversized shield sunnies are chic and perfect for going incognito.  Add a pop of blue with these eye-catching lenses from Topshop. For a sportier look, these ski-inspired shades are effortlessly cool. From the festival to the beach, a pair of round wired sunnies works wonders. 
 An updated guide on how to style the crop top.  Halter tops, cropped blouses, and itty bitty tube tops are enduring warm weather staples, the type that have been reinvented decade after decade, no matter the current trend focus. As with everything from the late '90s and early 2000s, they've made a grown-up comeback in the form of sophisticated lace details, sexy sheer options and even easy belly-button-brushing tee's this season.  To hand you some fresh 2019 crop top inspiration, look to these 10 outfits pulled directly from the most stylish babes on Instagram.  A cropped t-shirt gets a modern update when paired with a sexy, side-slit silky skirt. Double down on trends by opting for a tie-dye printed or pale yellow version.  Vince's iteration of the slip skirt comes in a sunshine yellow-green that's perfectly fit for summer styling.  During warm weather seasons, nothing is as comfortable as a pair of bike shorts, especially when paired with a simple black cropped long-sleeved tee.    If you haven't already yet, make the disco cycling short your casual summer go-to.  Going beach side this season? The crop tops of now come in matching sets and blouse variations, ideal for vacations and weekend getaways.  Equipment's workwear trousers can be made into an everyday staple when worn with a cropped blouse.  For breezy nights and easy styling, look to a lightweight sports-inspired jacket or blazer. This outfit doubles as a fashion office ensemble and an after work look for drinks with the girls.  With a blazer like this, the options are endless. Use this as a blank canvas for all your seasonal looks, crop tops included.  A ruffled cropped blouse and some simple fitted black trousers allow you to keep cool in the sun without showing too much stomach.  A versatile closet must-have that you can wear during the week and after summer Friday's.  Halter tops are universally flattering, especially when worn with your favorite white denim and printed heeled sandals.  The right pair of white jeans, especially these raw-hem ones, can be worn with off-the-shoulder blouses, halter tops and simple t-shirts alike.  Patterned pants stand out in all the right ways. This season's plaid pants add a cool prep-school flair to every look, allowing them to spice up a simple ruched crop top.  Tibi's brand encompases the effortlessly cool and casual attitude of a New York summer. You'll wear these all season long. For the ultimate casual summer day, wear your cropped white tank with a midi skirt and the best edgy summer footwear: a combat boot.  A summer combat boot is both edgy and elevated.  Add some color, print and texture to your summer wardrobe by pairing your tube top with a tweed mini skirt.  Go bright or go back home with this enviable luxury mini skirt, crafted from tweed and lamb leather.  Although summer is quickly approaching, there are still early mornings and late nights that hold some chills. Wear your ribbed crop top with a leopard denim jacket. And, if you're feeling extra bold, a leopard denim set.  Whether your cropped top is black, camel-toned or white, this denim jacket is the perfect finishing piece. 
 The swimwear and resort brand partnered with Every Mother Counts on a new, cute collab. "Mommy and me" fashion should be its own category now, like denim or suiting—except everything is available in both the original design and a mini version. What stylish moment doesn't benefit from "twinning" though, really? Many brands are catching onto the theme, but Onia is taking "mommy and me" a step further by acknowledging that safety for mothers in childbirth isn't one-size-fits-all. Today, the lounge, swim, and lifestyle brand released a collection of feminine, floral one-pieces in partnership with Every Mother Counts, the charity founded by supermodel Christy Turlington-Burns.  According to the non-profit organization, "Every day, 800 women will not survive pregnancy and childbirth, and thousands more will suffer from long-term disabilities." "While I am fortunate to have safely delivered three healthy babies, women around the world face tremendous hardships in their journey toward becoming a mother," Dalia Cunow, Onia's women's creative director tells BAZAAR.com. "I learned about Every Mother Counts through my obstetrician Dr. Jacques Moritz. Dr Moritz helped Christy Turlington-Burns through a life threatening child-birth complication inspiring her to found EMC. EMC is a non-profit dedicated to making childbirth safe and respectful for every mother, everywhere. I am in awe of the work they do and sought out a way to support this amazing organization."  50% of the sales from each of the matching Onia styles—"Kelly" for grown-ups ($195) and "Ava" ($75) for girls sizes 2-10—will be donated to the organization.  SHOP NOW   
 For those who miss Phoebe just a little too much, we found some very chic alternatives Who knew fashion people were so nostalgic?  Fashion is an industry that is rooted in the future—with a seemingly constant stream of new collections and fixations on pieces that won't be available for months. But the departure of Phoebe Philo from Céline, which was announced in December of 2017, sent forward-thinking fashion folk into a spiral. The Instagram handle Old Celine, with only 63 posts to date, has 206,000 followers and counting; meanwhile the #oldceline hashtag has been used 22,000 times. There may have been a few tears shed—some over the loss of an accent over the first e in Celine. People are not over it, and we get it, Philo is a unique talent and her contributions have been missed. But she was also highly influential, inspiring generation of new designers with her signature clean aesthetic. So as we enter yet another Phoebe-free season, let's look ahead and shop the designers who help you get that #oldceline vibe from their own, fresh perspective—from familiar faces, to Céline alumni, and up-and-comers.  Daniel Lee served as Céline's director of ready-to-wear under Phoebe Philo for five years before taking on the role of creative director at Bottega Veneta. The parallels with #oldceline are clear, and while Lee shares a luxe sensibility, his first collection for the house marries a minimal sensibility with an Italian sensuality in a way that feels entirely fresh.  SHOP NOW Amy Smilovic is a seasoned, celebrated designer in her own right. Her collections are filled with interesting, cool pieces that have the soul of what women want to look like and what their lifestyles actually entail at heart.  This Aussie designer doesn't stick with the status quo—pushing the boundaries of what "minimalist" means with an attention to unique fabrications and interesting structure. Another Aussie, Anna Quan has been a hit on social media for her particular brand of basics that add that extra something special. This Scandi mainstay has never been out of our sights, but designer  Jonny Johansson's most recent collection for Fall 2019 was such a smash that it serves as a reminder to not always be on the lookout for everything new, but to trust that your go-tos can really knock it out of the park—or the Palais de Tokyo (where the show walked) in Paris. SHOP NOW This New York-based label was founded by Catherine Holstein in 2016 and answers the call for sleek, understated fashion with a feminine bent. It's American sportswear executed with a modern eye. Doubtlessly you're already familiar with The Row, but lest you forget all of those double-faced cashmeres, perfect leather trousers, and highly collectible bags, let this serve as your reminder. You're welcome.  Creative Director Yuni Ahn is also an alumnus of Philo's Céline who has taken her talents on the road. Ahn debuted her first collection for the French brand, entitled "House Kitsune," for Fall 2019. Its melding of streetwear meets sporty meets Saville Row meets workwear is made all the more intriguing thanks to its approachable price point.  This FIT grad also worked under Philo at Céline. A bit of a wunderkind, his newly-launched label has already been picked up by Net-a-Porter. Do has an eye for color and isn't afraid to play with shape, while keeping his pieces incredibly wearable. If you're blindly searching for wonderfully tailored trousers, incredible fabrications put to work on elegant clothing, and accessories with an unexpected twist, look no further than Gabriela Hearst. The New Yorker also designs sustainably and has a keen eye for form and structure. And when the nostalgia just gets to be too much, a girl can always hit up the resale market and get a hit of #oldceline via a chic second-hand bag. 
 Fyre Fest x NYFW? Earlier this week, designer Philipp Plein sent out invitations for his Fall 2019/Winter 2020 runway show at New York Fashion Week, but in classic Plein fashion, it stacked up to be bigger than any other presentation. The event promised to be an extravagant spectacle: a "Billionaire"-themed black-tie-dinner-meets-runway-show with, most importantly, a performance by Kanye West. Big-time musical performers are nothing new for Plein's catwalks. Snoop Dogg, Fergie, and Future have all taken the mic at his shows in recent seasons. However, this time was different. Kanye didn't even know he landed the gig—because the person who booked him wasn't even a part of his team.  "We were beyond excited to work with [Kanye West] but unfortunately an individual pretended to be part of his management team and acted without Kanye’s knowledge, capitalizing on a former friendship with him," Philipp Plein International confirmed in a statement today. "Unfortunately we too were affected by this misrepresentation." West will no longer be performing at Plein's fashion show, which is still scheduled to run on Monday, February 11. "We have recently been in contact with Kanye's official team and are releasing this statement in unison to clarify that there has not been any misconduct on any of our parts," the brand added. "We hope to collaborate with Kanye West in the future and we look forward to our 20th Anniversary show this Monday evening."  West's wife, Kim Kardashian, previously hinted at the performance mixup on Twitter two days ago. When one fan tweeted that West was "rumored to be performing at Philipp Plein," the reality star swiftly shut down the gossip. "He’s not performing at any fashion show this season. Just a rumor," she responded.   He’s not performing at any fashion show this season. Just a rumor https://t.co/QcnO1ObEnC  TMZ first reported the West-Plein mixup earlier today, adding that the fake Kanye rep who organized the deal allegedly forged the rapper's signature on the contract and pocketed a $900,000 advance. The brand has not confirmed those details. However, it's not unusual for Plein's shows to run a big check. The New York Times reported in 2015 that the budget for one show was $2.8 million. 
 Every piece you need to nail the season's best looks. Jewelry boxes may seem a little antiquated, but consider selecting a collection of must-have pieces (think of them as jewelry building blocks) that you'll have forever as a necessary investment. Think of this as the modern girl's guide to curating a selection of jewelry that'll work for every occasion you have this holiday season.  The best part? Playing dress up. You can try each of the below pieces on IRL at an authorized Forevermark jeweler; click here to find the closest store to you. Ideal for any dinner party, cocktail event, or formal affair, these delicate earrings make a statement without overwhelming the rest of your look. The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Round and Pear Diamond Drop Earrings, $3,398 SHOP When you feel like wearing something a little less dramatic than stacked necklaces or a chunky choker, opt for a simple, pretty, diamond on a thin chain.  The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Round Diamond Necklace, $748 SHOP Nothing beats a timeless round cut diamond set in white gold (and it certainly doesn't have to be an engagement ring). It goes with everything and always looks chic. Consider this your forever investment. The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Classic Bezel Stackable Ring, $549 SHOP The motto here: more is more. Mix metals and shapes in any way you please, and play around with stacking all rings on a single finger or across a few. The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Rings, from $549 SHOP It's a classic for a reason. Minimal and clean, this is the bracelet that can stay on your arm no matter the occasion or time of day.  The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Diamond Chain Bracelet, $719 SHOP Just like your rings, necklaces are meant to be stacked, too. Look for chains in alternating lengths to create a layered effect, and mix up diamond shapes or pendants.  The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Oval Diamond Necklace, $948 SHOP The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Emerald Diamond Necklace, $948 SHOP  Diamonds with just a hint of edge, OR, the ring you need to gift yourself and wear on the daily. The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Beaded Diamond Ring, $949 SHOP An update to the traditional diamond necklace, this yellow gold version has enough detail to warrant a pairing with a holiday dress. For daytime, wear it dangling over a turtleneck sweater.  The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Round Beaded Pendant, $948 SHOP These white gold studs are another great everyday option. A little funky, but still a safe bet for a work party or a "meet the family" gathering. The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Beaded Stud Earrings, $1,150 SHOP Consider this the statement piece of your jewelry box. Wear it with an open silk blouse, an LBD, or a crew neck sweater. The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection Diamond Station Necklace, $3,690 SHOP
 I'm broke just looking at this collection. Moschino's long-awaited collaboration with H&M is almost upon us, and we finally have out first look at the incredible ad campaign featuring Gigi Hadid. In a series of new photos revealed by WWD, we get to see the color palette of H&M's Moschino collection. Featuring silver, gold, and sparkly fabrics, contrasted with a lot of neutral colors, you're probably going to want all of the striking pieces, which will be available from November 8. But as with H&M's other collaborations with fashion designers, the items are likely to sell out very quickly.   We told you there would be a lot of patterns, gold and sparkle in this collection, didn't we? ✨ #HMOSCHINO @moschino A post shared by  H&M (@hm) on Oct 5, 2018 at 9:00am PDT  Gigi Hadid is central to the collection, and famously helped Jeremy Scott announce the collaboration via video chat, back at Coachella back in April 2018. Unsurprisingly, the model feels like the perfect fit for the special collection:  Moschino & @hm campaign @gigihadid #gigihadid @itsjeremyscott #hmoschino #moschino Collection Launching Globally on November 8th #stevenmeisel @carlynecerfdedudzeele #cerfstyle @guidopalau @patmcgrathreal @maryhoward_setdesign @pg_dmcasting @samuel_ellis A post shared by  Moschino (@moschino) on Oct 5, 2018 at 9:03am PDT Quickly confirming the news, H&M took to Instagram to say, "We told you to stand by—and now we can finally tell you. We're collaborating with fashion's most fun and charismatic brand, @MOSCHINO."   We told you to stand by — and now we can finally tell you. We're collaborating with fashion's most fun and charismatic brand, @MOSCHINO ❤️📺 To be released 8 Nov 2018. — REACT NOW at #HMOSCHINO A post shared by  H&M (@hm) on Apr 15, 2018 at 1:51am PDT An official press release about the exciting collaboration hailed "the iconic Italian brand to which Jeremy Scott has injected a new pop energy since he became Creative Director in 2013." Fans of the brand can expect "vitality, playfulness, and humor" from Moschino's high-street collection, with a "full range of accessories and some extra surprises too."  Previous H&M designer collaborators include Balmain, Karl Lagerfeld, Stella McCartney, Alexander Wang, Versace, Erdem, and Marni. Basically, set those alarms right now, because you're going to want to be ready for this. MOSCHINO [tv] H&M, will be available online and in select H&M stores worldwide.
 Into the woods with Chanel.  From airports to space stations, grocery stores and beyond, Chanel has taken its runways far and wide over the years.  For its Fall 2018 show today, the fashion house got in touch with nature with a dark and moody forest-themed runway. Transforming the Grand Palais into the woods, here's everything to know from this morning's Chanel show at Paris Fashion Week.  Taking the season quite literally, the Chanel set embraced fall in every way possible—from leaf-covered invitations to leaf-covered floors. Karl Lagerfeld transformed Paris' Grand Palais into a lifelike forest complete with tall trees that lined the runway and a backdrop that seemed to extend the Chanel forest infinitely.   Good morning from @chanelofficial! Last day! Watch the first half on my live now, babies! 🍁 #fromtinaslap #pfw #nailswithtina A post shared by  Tina Leung 梁伊妮 (@tinaleung) on Mar 6, 2018 at 2:40am PST  A forest imagined by Karl Lagerfeld sets the tone for the #CHANELFallWinter 2018/19 show as the Grand Palais opens its doors. #PFW A post shared by  CHANEL (@chanelofficial) on Mar 6, 2018 at 1:16am PST Lagerfeld muses including Carla Bruni, Lily Allen and Keira Knightley all sat front row at the Fall 2018 show. Notably missing this season were Chanel regulars Lily-Rose Depp, Cara Delevingne and Pharrell Williams.  As for the collection itself, models paraded through piles of leaves in an astounding total of 80 fall-ready looks that varied from Chanel's classic tweed to fur coats, black lace gowns and oversized scarves.   @chanelofficial into the forest with just the right attitude for f/w 2018 🍂🍁🐿🍁 👏🏻👏🏻 A post shared by  Nina Garcia (@ninagarcia) on Mar 6, 2018 at 3:11am PST While the show opened with an array of predominantly neutral looks in shades of black and gray, bright hues of blue, orange and pink were woven into the collection in the form of fingerless opera-length gloves and scarves.  The final twelve looks all featured black lace dresses paired with colorful statement-making gloves done in bright, unexpected shades of leather. Amongst those in the contrasting look was supermodel-in-the-making Kaia Gerber, who hit the runway in a black lace mini dress, pink leather gloves and mismatched earrings featuring the brand's double C logo.  Standing out against the dark and moody fall backdrop were the colorful lineup of fingerless gloves—a nod to Karl Lagerfeld's signature accessory, perhaps? In-between, there were plays on the brand's signature tweed, chubby fur coats and quilted Chanel puffers—all making for plenty of outerwear options.  One thing's for sure: the Chanel woman is set to be bundled up in style during her many walks through the woods next season. But she won't be blending in with those colorful leather gloves. 
 Want to up your gift-giving game? It’s an art really. There’s something almost life-affirming about finding the right present, especially when the receiver is someone who's notoriously tough to shop for. Nailing the perfect gift for that person in your life with particular tastes, is oh so satisfying. But oftentimes the stress of the season and agony over what to get for certain people on your list can overshadow the fun. With that in mind, we’ve partnered with Saks to curate the best gifts for everyone on your list. Just take our quiz and shop the results. You’re welcome! Shop All Gifts
 Simplify holiday shopping with perfect presents you can pick up all in one place. Gift-giving shouldn't be stressful — it's fun to pick out something special for all your special someones! But we get it: Sometimes you need a little help, and sometimes, you just need to get it all done.  We partnered with Bloomingdale's to show how you can shop for everyone on your list — family, friends, even that person you totally forgot about until the last minute — all in one place. From specialty chocolates and heavenly candles to high-end headphones and glam accessories, there's something for everyone in this holiday edit.  Sparkly Gifts For Yourself 'Tis the season for getting together — and looking extra-special doing so. From family functions to New Year's Eve party-hopping, there's no better time of year to be your most sparkly self. Splurge on a glamorous, metallic dress for the inevitable onslaught of holiday parties, and a pair of rhinestone-splashed heels under the tree.  Gracious Gifts For the Hostess Be a great guest and show up with a token of appreciation for your generous host, like stylish stationery or a box of fancy chocolates. One can never have too many of either! Handsome Gifts For Your Guy Delight your special someone with a pair of great-sounding headphones, a fun instant-print camera, or a stately watch (which you might just end up "borrowing" to wear yourself).  Clever Gifts For the Entertainer When it comes to brothers, cousins, uncles, or dad, look for fun ways to elevate their existing interests and hobbies, like upgrades for their home bar. Glitzy Gifts For Your Best Friends The glam girl in your life is sure to appreciate a pair of dazzling drop earrings, bold new lipstick, or that party-ready dress she's been talking about, while your homebody girlfriend will be thrilled to unwrap a luxe candle or the latest skincare indulgence. C by Bloomingdale's sweater, $198 SHOP Nixon watch, $250 SHOP Fringe journal, $18 SHOP Crafthouse by Fortessa mixing set, $100 SHOP Crafthouse by Fortessa shaker set, $100 SHOP Easy Tiger pen, $25 SHOP KODAK camera, $69.99 SHOP AQUA shoes, $89 SHOP AQUA dress, $198 SHOP AQUA jacket, $198 SHOP AQUA pants, $68 SHOP kate spade new york shoes, $268 SHOP MICHAEL Michael Kors bag, $328 SHOP AQUA jumpsuit, $98 SHOP Harlem Candle Company candle, $45 SHOP Happily Grey x AQUA blazer, $128 SHOP Happily Grey x AQUA pants, $98 SHOP Le Palais de Thes, $18 SHOP B&O PLAY by Bang & Olufsen headphones, $299 SHOP Harlem Candle Company candle, $45 SHOP Betsey Johnson dress, $118 SHOP JAlexander lamp, $200 SHOP Cire Trudon candle, $105 SHOP Happily Grey x AQUA dress, $188 SHOP Happily Grey x AQUA dress, $128 SHOP Keepsake dress, $225 SHOP kate spade new york earrings, $128 SHOP  Via Spiga shoes, $295 SHOP kate spade new york earrings, $128 SHOP kate spade new york earrings, $68 SHOP  AQUA dress, $248 SHOP
 Goosebumps.  Prabal Gurung is known for his inspiring, inclusive, and powerful runways during New York Fashion Week—and his Fall 2018 show last night was no exception.   Backstage, the mood was set for models walking the show with empowering posters reading positive mantras like "Your voice is your power: use it for justice" hanging on the walls. Furthering the feminist tone of the evening, the front row included #MeToo founder Tarana Burke (attending her first ever fashion show), Janet Mock, Laverne Cox, Whoopi Goldberg, Huma Abedin, and Cardi B.  As for the collection itself, the colorful lineup of clothing was inspired by powerful women from Gurung's home country of Nepal along with women-centric groups like India's Gulabi Gang and the Mosuo tribe of China. Pink, as it turns out, is a common color shared amongst these cultures.  The most powerful, goosebump-inducing moment of the show, however, came during the finale walk. The diverse cast of models walked the runway side by side, holding white flowers, with some linking arms. The moment drove home the designer's message that women are stronger together, and stronger in color.  Bella and Gigi Hadid both led and closed the walk, sharing a sweet moment of sisterhood with the two draping arms over each other's backs as the show ended.  For a show that celebrated the power of unity amongst women, it was the perfect way to close the runway. .@prabalgurung's women make a colorful statement #NYFW pic.twitter.com/TVoogVKTcK Of course, this is hardly Gurung's first time bringing feminism to NYFW. For Fall 2017, the designer staged an empowering finale in which every model walked the runway in statement-making feminist t-shirts reading things like "Nevertheless She Persisted" and "We Will Not Be Silenced." Last season, Gurung's show began with a voiceover of The Activist's prayer and also seated Gloria Steinem in the front row for her first fashion show. 
 Wearing just mesh underwear. Ashley Graham is the latest model to feature in LOVE's 2017 advent calendar, and her look is as fierce and flawless as you'd expect. Shot in black and white, Graham is shown wearing black mesh underwear as she sprints along the road. By the end of the video it's revealed that Graham is pulling a sled, which will get just about anyone into the Christmas spirit. Throughout the video, Graham's body looks incredible, and there are copious close-up shots of her breasts and butt, as the model prepares to run.  At the end of the video, a quote from Graham appears on screen saying, "Shooting the advent calendar is a true expression of self love... We are powerful, we are resilient, and we run the world." The video's release comes just after Graham denounced the term "plus-sized" on television. On CBS Sunday Morning, Graham said, "I think the word 'plus-sized' is so divisive to women. I think that when you use the word 'plus-size,' you’re putting all these women into a category." Graham's attitude, and her staunch belief that women should feel comfortable in their own skin regardless of their size, is constantly inspiring. Graham also took to task the misnomers associated with the term saying that people assume, "'You don’t eat well. You don’t work out. You couldn’t care less about your body. You’re insecure. You have no confidence.' And that is none of this." As her LOVE advent calendar appearance makes very clear, Graham is in incredible shape, and stronger than ever. 
From: ELLE US

 Shanghai won't be the same without them.  With news of Gigi Hadid stepping down from her wing duties, we're rounding up all the other faces that will be missed at this year's Shanghai show. However, you can get to know the fresh faces here, and see the complete 2017 show list here.  Shows walked: 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 Shows walked: 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 Shows walked: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 Shows walked: 2015, 2016 Shows walked: 2016 Shows walked: 2015, 2016 Shows walked: 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 Shows walked: 2015, 2016 Shows walked: 2016 Shows Walked: 2016 Shows walked: 2016 Shows walked: 2016 Shows walked: 2016 Shows walked: 2015, 2016 Shows walked: 2016 Shows walk: 2016
 🙌🙌🙌 After months of leaks and rumors of a footwear collab, rapper Travis Scott officially confirmed on Instagram today that he's teaming up with Nike on some new designs.  "WORK-IN-PROGRESS," the Houston native announced in the caption. He also tagged #af1, hinting that he's designing a new iteration of the brand's signature Air Force 1 sneaker, pictured below. Scott's connections to the brand run deep. He previously starred in Nike campaign for its VaporMax sneaker in May. Plus, over the summer, he was seen teasing an unreleased Air Force 1 model (the "Cactus Jack," which features interchangeable swooshes) on social media. The rapper didn't officially announce what the upcoming collab entails yet, but according to leaked info, this sneaker model is one of them. This also appears to be the same shoe in his announcement post. .@trvisXX previews his "Cactus Jack" Nike Air Force 1 Low with interchangeable Swooshes. pic.twitter.com/gTnXKq9hXb Scott is one of the latest celebs to collaborate with Nike, including fellow rapper Kendrick Lamar, who worked on a Cortez sneaker with the sportswear brand. This also isn't his first time teaming up with a major label. Earlier this year, he released a capsule collection with Helmut Lang inspired by his Texan roots. 
 This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Utterly unique, multi-faceted, and stronger than first impressions might have you believe, the correlation between woman and diamond is undeniable. To celebrate The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection, we're sharing the stories of strong, accomplished women who are more than the sum of all their parts. On the spectrum of sisterhood, you see it all: women who are best, best friends and pairs that fight like cats and dogs. Nikki and Lola Ogunnaike are of the first variety, with a close-knit bond that's both personal and professional. The two are in the same industry, with Nikki as ELLE.com's style director and Lola as a pedigreed journalist and TV correspondent.  Mutual respect and constant support are both key to their relationship, with career and personal advice flowing back and forth between the pair. Along with reminding the other to celebrate the qualities that make her unique, both see importance in pausing to recognize the small moments that lead up to bigger accomplishments (and to engage in some self-gifting when appropriate). That focus on self-defined victories and a celebration of women's unique qualities are at the core of The Forevermark Tribute™ Collection, a grouping of delicate pieces meant to be mixed, matched, stacked, and layered. Like all Forevermark diamonds, each one is selected after a rigorous process and is responsibly sourced. Watch Nikki and Lola's sister story above and explore the jewelry below. 
 GET INFO GET INFO GET INFO GET INFO  
From: ELLE US

 Tyler Joe captures the chicest looks on the street. Tyler Joe took to the streets of London to snap the best dressed, eye-catching looks and models off-duty at London Fashion Week. Pandora Sykes Giovanna Battaglia Engelbert BAZAAR.com Senior Fashion Editor Chrissy Rutherford Pernille Teisbaek Veronika Heilbrunner Kate Foley Osterweis Linda Fargo Eva Chen Julia Restoin Roitfeld
 It's "your majesty" to you... Sometimes I feel like my everyday accessories don't actually represent the real me, the full me with a side of extra and a sprinkling of drama. Take my office chair for example. It's gray and black with a scratchy (well-worn) foam seat that doesn't tell you anything about me. It's not until you see my blue fluffy pen that you realize the kind of businesswoman you're dealing with. But thanks to Lit Headphones (that name though...) at least one of my everyday accessories can represent who I truly am inside. No longer will I have to settle on bland in-ear headphones because now I have a headphone crown that is fit for an actual queen.  Lit's Crown Headphones are available in six different colors, and TBH, I want every single pair. The only problem is I'm gonna need a queen's salary to afford them. White Queen Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99. SHOP Black Queen Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99. SHOP Red Reign Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99. SHOP Winter Green Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99. SHOP Royal Blue Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99. SHOP Winter Palace Headphones, Lit Headphones, $299.99. SHOP And don't worry, if you manage to get a queen's salary, Lit Headphones does offer international shipping. Good day, peasants. 
From: Cosmopolitan UK

 Plus, more best looks from Haute Couture... See all of the chicest couture looks, straight from Paris...
 The brand's Métiers d’Art show will take place at the Met.  Over the past few seasons, Chanel has staged its Métiers d’Art show in Hamburg, Rome, and of course, Paris. But this December, the French fashion house is bringing its jet-setting runway show to New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art.  Taking place on December 4, Chanel's Pre-Fall 2019 collection will mark its first New York-based show since 2006. In fact, in its over-100 year history, the brand has only ever shown in New York twice before. The first time being in 2005 at its Fifth Avenue store (to coincide with its 2005 retrospective exhibition at The Met) and the second being a year later at Grand Central Station for its Resort 2007 collection.  According to a release from the brand, the show will be inspired by both founder Gabrielle Chanel and current creative director Karl Lagerfeld's connections to New York:  Following several seasons of designers opting to leave New York Fashion Week to instead show in other European cities, Lagerfeld's return to New York could perhaps inspire other fashion houses to follow suit. Similarly, Prada opted to show its Resort 2019 collection in New York this past May. 
 See the Best Looks of the Spring 2018 Haute Couture Season It may be winter in Paris, but it's a couture-lover's spring dream. See the best looks from Haute Couture.
 His work with '90s supermodels changed the course of fashion photography forever.  Peter Lindbergh, the renowned photographer whose work helped launch the era of '90s supermodels, passed away on Tuesday at the age of 74, his family confirmed in an official Instagram post this morning.  Lindbergh was behind the lens of some of fashion's most iconic imagery, from his signature black-and-white portraits of supers like Naomi, Kate, and Linda to the Pirelli Calendar. His vision redefined fashion photography as a whole, ushering in an era of natural beauty captured in raw portraits that highlighted women in a new light. During a time of airbrushing, he was known for his strong stance against retouching photos.  The photographer was behind some of Harper's BAZAAR's most iconic images as well—from the '90s supers shot as angels to striking monochromatic portraits and cinematic imagery. His photographs of Linda Evangelista, Christy Turlington, Cindy Crawford, Naomi Campbell, and Kate Moss helped cement their status as icons.  Lindbergh was born in German-occupied Poland in 1944 and grew up in Duisburg, Germany. He studied art at the Berlin Academy of Fine Arts and the Krefeld College of Art before opening his own photography studio in 1973. After moving to Paris to pursue fashion photography, his career of international acclaim soon began.  His works went on to be featured in magazines across the world from BAZAAR to Vogue and campaigns for fashion houses from Dior to Donna Karan.  He was the only photographer to shoot the prestigious Pirelli Calendar three times—in 1996, 2002, and most recently in 2017. The prolific photographer's images were celebrated in the 2016 book, Peter Lindbergh: A Different Vision on Fashion Photography, and the recently published coffee-table book, Peter Lindbergh: Shadows on the Wall. The photographer is survived by his wife, Petra; his first wife, Astrid; his four sons, Benjamin, Jérémy, Simon, Joseph; and seven grandchildren. 
 She did not one, but two dips on the runway. We've seen some sassy and powerful runway walks this NYFW so far, but none can quite compare to this jaw-dropping entrance by Leiomy Maldonado at the Disney Villains x The Blonds' show on Friday night. The Bronx-bred dancer, renowned for her work in the voguing dance style, strutted down the catwalk like she owned every last inch of it. 
  Maldonado started out with a sultry power-walk (which was impressive enough to begin with), but once she got halfway down the runway, she started busting out the moves. At the end of the catwalk, she didn't settle for an ordinary spin; she did a dip.  And no, she did not stop dancing on her way back up the runway, because a true queen commits. She also threw in some twirls and yet another dip before strutting her way backstage.  Excuse us while we gasp frantically for air. While tearing up the runway, Maldonado sported a sequined, studded, and spiked leotard from The Blonds' Spring 2019 collection, which was inspired by Disney villains. Leiomy's purple look, which included some voluminously furry shoulder accents, took after The Little Mermaid's Ursula.  Other famous faces in the show included Paris Hilton (who resembled Cruella de Vil) and beauty YouTuber Patrick Starrr.  This might not have been the first time you've been mesmerized by Leiomy's fierce presence. Last year, she was featured in Nike's #BeTrue campaign during Pride Month, and was the first transgender person to star in the brand's ads after Chris Mosier, the first trans athlete to join a men's U.S. National Team. More recently, she starred as Florida Ferocity in Pose, Ryan Murphy's new show inspired by the Ballroom Scene, which boasts the largest number of transgender actors in a TV series. Keep slaying, Leiomy. This post has been updated.
 The shoe-obsessed DJ/producer lets loose in Barneys Beverly Hills.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Chantel Jeffries is a bonafide social media phenom, boasting 4 million followers and counting these days. She started off as an influencer/entrepreneur who launched her own eyebrow kit, long before the days of lip kits, to working with fashion and beauty brands, launching her own YouTube channel—and now she's made a full pivot to the music world.  Before she was Ceejay the DJ, she was the self-proclaimed "Aux Cord Lord," frequently Snapchatting herself DJing her Uber rides around Los Angeles. Her love for music through curated playlists, like Ceejay's House Party on Spotify, grew into pursuing a real career as a DJ—and now making music herself. She launched her first single "Wait" with a feature from Offset and Vory in May 2018. Following that up with "Both Sides" (also featuring Vory) and "Better" with Blocboy and Vory at the end of the summer.  Last month she debuted her hottest single yet,"Facts" with YG, Rich The Kid and BIA, as well as announced her first DJ residency in Vegas with Hakkasan.  In the latest episode of Heel Hunters, BAZAAR's Senior Digital Fashion Editor, Chrissy Rutherford, hits the west coast for a day of shoe shopping with the DJ who's searching for the perfect Vegas-worthy heels at Barneys in Beverly Hills. Jeffries is a true shoe lover who says over 200 pairs line the walls in her home. While she loves designer brands like Balenciaga, Saint Laurent and Chanel, Jeffries tends to choose her footwear just based on shoe style first. From leopard print boots fit for an Austin Powers-themed club to the dad sneaker trend, see which shoes win Jeffries' attention, and don't forget to subscribe to BAZAAR's YouTube channel so you never miss an episode of Heel Hunters. 
 While we love our designer sunglasses, these lesser-known brands are worth discovering too.  No matter what the season, we’re always looking for new sunglasses to top off our look. But now that summer’s quickly approaching, that gives us all the more reason and excuse to amp up our shade collection. While we love our classic designer frames from Celine to Tom Ford and Ray-Ban, it’s always fun discovering more under-the-radar accessory brands too. From the cool new designers taking over Instagram to the smaller labels continuing to rise, these are the lesser-known sunglasses brands to shop in 2019.  From oversized geometric shades to bright colors and materials, Lapima was made for those who like to have fun with their accessories. Founded by husband and wife duo Gisela and Gustavo Assis, this Brazilian brand's sunglasses are all handmade by local artisans in São Paulo, which makes them feel just as special as their bubbly, avant-garde designs.  Putting a philanthropic twist to your sunnies, this San Francisco-based brand often partners with non-profit organizations to donate a portion of proceeds to a cause. With a range of classic styles benefitting Teach for America, a collaboration with Olivia Palermo benefitting Dress for Success, and a SPORT line that supports the Ladies First organization, these are sunglasses you can feel good about shopping. If you hadn't heard of Carolina Lemke before, chances are Kim Kardashian West's collection likely put the brand on your radar with its futuristic and sporty styles. The Berlin-based designer has a mix of trendy, sporty, and classic shades that are affordably-priced, with most styles ranging from $80 to $100.  Féroce just launched in April, but it's already catching our attention with its cool, yet minimal styles. The new direct-to-consumer brand (which literally translates to "fierce" in French) offers up high quality handmade materials from Italy, with all styles retailing at $110.  There’s a reason this brand has quickly become a favorite amongst fashion's It girls. With ultra-tiny '80s and ‘90s-inspired frames and a range of playful colors, Roberi & Fraud has some of the coolest frames of the moment.  Launched in 2013, this New Orleans-based brand uses its native Southern city as inspiration for its eyewear. Featuring 24K gold detailing, handmade frames, and a lifetime guarantee policy, the quality of Krewe's sunglasses is next level. Its frames have been spotted on a growing list of celebrities from Selena Gomez to Gigi Hadid, Blake Lively, and even Beyoncé. This '90s-inspired brand counts Rihanna as one of its biggest fans—and for good reason. Its oversized cat eyes and cool color combinations make it a playful choice for any fashion risk-taker. Offering a range of eccentric and unique frame options, Poppy Lissiman is a rising accessory designer to watch. The Australian brand's pieces are all handcrafted from vegan or faux leather materials and already count both Gigi and Bella Hadid as fans. Komono takes a minimalist approach when it comes to sunglasses. The brand is worth checking out for its sleek and streamlined styles that are chic without trying too hard—or feeling too trendy. From ultra-feminine cat-eye sunglasses to retro round frames, Sunday Somewhere's range of sunnies are effortlessly cool. The brand offers both men and women's along with optical styles as well. You've likely already seen the Adam Selman x Le Specs cat-eye sunglasses that have taken over Instagram time and time again. But the brand's range of cool sunnies goes way beyond that—and its styles all range under $130.  Although Smoke x Mirrors was launched out of New York in 2014, all of its frames are handcrafted in France. With a variety of frames, color options, and playful prints, this brand doesn't follow the trends but instead, creates its own. With Oliver Peoples' founder Larry Leight as is father, it's no surprise that Garrett Leight knows a thing or two about good eyewear. This quality crafted brand is based out of Venice Beach, California and also allows shoppers to customize their own pair of sunglasses from frame to lens and finish.  After collaborations with everyone from J.Lo to Kylie Jenner, chances are you've probably already heard of Quay sunglasses, or at least scrolled past them on your Instagram feed. But if you've yet to try the Australian brand for yourself, it's time. Boasting a range of both ultra-trendy and classic styles at surprisingly affordable price points, Quay is quickly rising as the next big brand in the sunglasses industry. Gentle Monster fuses classic shapes with risk-taking design details, making for a range of unique (and oft slightly over-the-top) specs. Most recently, the avant-garde Korean brand collaborated with Fendi on a collection of sporty frames. 
 But you better act fast.    Even before marrying Prince Harry in May, Meghan Markle had already mastered the art of getting her outfits to sell out immediately. In fact, the jeans Markle wore for the couple's first public outing together at the Invictus Games last September not only sold out, they also amassed a waitlist of nearly 4,000 people.  The coveted skinny blue jeans, by American denim brand Mother, feature a frayed ankle-cut hemline and a subtle rip in the knee. And after months  of being waitlisted, the brand finally restocked Meghan's "Looker Ankle Fray" jeans in the color "Love Gun," for those who still want to channel the now-Duchess of Sussex's casual look. Mother jeans, $228, motherdenim.com. SHOP NOW Though nearly every item that Markle has worn publicly since the start of her relationship with Prince Harry has sold out, her effect on the Mother jeans was exponential. After the style initially sold out, the brand has since reported a 900% increase in the waitlist along with a 1,000% increase in site traffic to the landing page of Meghan's "Love Gun" jeans—proving the depth of the new royal's retail influence.  Mother previously restocked Markle's jeans back in March, before the royal wedding, and the style quickly sold out in three days. Though given the post-royal wedding obsession with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, it's unlikely the jeans will last that long this time around—the Meghan Effect seemingly isn't slowing down any time soon.   The royal's "Looker Ankle Fray" jeans are now available to shop online across the globe.
 Your closet needs a fresh pair of white boots this season.  When it comes to transitional footwear, the white boot reigns supreme. After taking over the street style scene last winter, the trend has since become a year-round footwear staple, especially as you shift your wardrobe from summer to fall. Whether worn with a boho dress, a sleek power suit, or jeans, a pair of white boots has the power to make any outfit instantly pop. As you amp up your boot collection for a new season, these are our favorite in white to shop at every price point.  Sam Edelman boots, $140, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW These sleek stiletto boots boast a kitten heel you'll actually be able to walk in comfortably all day long (and bonus: they go with pretty much everything in your closet).  Maison Margiela boots, $995, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW This season is all about the return of the cowboy boot. If you're not totally on board with the trend, a white and black style feels more chic and less Wild Wild West.  Senso boots, $164, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Go for high-shine in these patent pearlized boots.  Gianvito Rossi boots, $1,625, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Another throwback footwear trend to note this fall is the return of the slouchy boot. This knee-high pair goes perfectly with a boho dress or midi pencil skirt for the office.  H&M boots, $40, hm.com. SHOP NOW Add a little detailing to the all-white look in the form of a playful zipper.  Neous boots, $750, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW We're always here for an art-inspired heel that feels luxe and unexpected.  Topshop boots, $65, topshop.com. SHOP NOW If you're more of a block heel kind of gal, Topshop's under-$100 pair can add a little edge to a pair of jeans or a printed dress.  See by Chloé boots, $545, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW For those ready to embrace the return of cowboy boots, these make for the ultimate shoe to do so in.  Stuart Weitzman boots, $555, stuartweitzman.com. SHOP NOW If you're looking for comfort without sacrificing style, say hello to Stuart Weitzman's block heeled sock boots.  Marques'Almeida boots, $605, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Have a little fun with your look with these hourglass-shaped heels that are the definition of fash-un.   Splendid boots, $199, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW A more affordable slouch boot option, these Western-inspired boots can be styled an endless amount of ways for fall.  Dolce Vita boots, $180, dolcevita.com. SHOP NOW Animal prints are one of the season's hottest trends, try the look in the form of a subtle heel detail.  Gabriela Hearst boots, $1,595, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Go big or go home with these luxe, over-the-top croc boots.  Ganni boots, $475, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW These croc-embossed boots are practically begging to be worn with your favorite floral dresses.  Leith boots, $99, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Not too high, not too low, these white pointed boots are the perfect middle ground.  Balenciaga boots, $1,290, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Balenciaga's sharp sock boots have remained a favorite amongst the fashion set, this sleek white pair is guaranteed to take any outfit to the next level. 
 Take a tour of the environmentally-conscious and beautiful space, won't you...  Gabriela Hearst—she of the mile-long bag waitlists—has put down brick and mortar roots in New York's Upper East side at Carlyle House (985 Madison Avenue). The sustainably-designed, sun-soaked space uses natural, non-treated reclaimed oak and marble parquet damier floors. In keeping with her ethically designed collections, 90 percent of the material waste generated during the construction process was recycled. The neutral-toned boutique features custom furniture designed in-house and the seating was made in collaboration with Autoban. Each material used in the jewel box of a store was chosen with care and a conscience, and there's no denying that ladies will inevitable find their way to that wall of bags. As they say, get in line. Take a tour below.  "It was always part of the dream to have a store," Hearst explains. "The main goal for our first flagship was to create a luxury environment that was done in a conscious way because my belief is that luxury should be sustainable." The store is constructed with no synthetic fibers and no chemically treated materials.  On the wall hangs a handmade quilt by Phoebe Apperson Hearst from the late 1800s featuring a herringbone pattern that has been part of the brand detailing from the start. Those famed wait-listed bags. The handbag room at the back of the store room connects directly to the CarlyleHotel, for easy access to the New York institution.  "We took no shortcuts," adds Hearst. "We wanted to create a place that is inviting, inspiring and authentic." "Every piece of furniture is made by hand by Italian craftsmen, in Italy and on site," reveals Hearst. The store has two fitting rooms, each equipped with custom mirrors, lighting, silk panel walls and fixtures. The pullout drawers containing knits and footwear are made from recycled handcrafted oak wood and quilted hand-stitched herringbone detail on the pulls. The focal point of the store is a large u-shaped cashmere sofa—in case you need a break from shopping the only home of all of Gabriela Hearst's ready to wear, shoes, bags and accessories.
 And people are furious.  Forever 21 customers who ordered clothes online this week were furious to find something extra in their packages: Atkins bars. The fast fashion retailer has come under fire for sending the diet bars to its customers—most of whom were shopping the brand's plus-size offerings—as a "special promotion."  Unimpressed customers took to Twitter to share photos of the unsolicited Atkins bar sample that came with their online orders.   I went from a size 24 to 18, still a plus size girl, so I ordered jeans from @Forever21 Opened the package, when I looked inside I see this Atkins bar. What are you trying to Tell me Forever 21, I’m FAT, LOSE WEIGHT? do you give these to NON-PLUS SIZE WOMEN as well? pic.twitter.com/ds8kUTs7T7 Hey @forever21 do you include weightloss Atkin bars in all your shipments or just in the ones for ladies over 1X ?? pic.twitter.com/ldajPJ81NM  One Twitter user called Forever 21's offering a "wildly dangerous message" to send to its customers, adding, "Not only is it fat-shaming, it could also trigger people of all sizes who have EDs."  Apparently @Forever21 sends out Atkins bars with all of its orders, which sends a wildly dangerous message to ALL of its customers. Not only is it fatshaming, it could also trigger people of all sizes who have EDs. This is as dangerous as it is inappropriate. https://t.co/gPfr3jMUK4 Another called the brand's move "fat-phobic, insensitive, and harmful to everyone involved."  Forever 21 responded with a statement, writing, “From time to time, Forever 21 surprises our customers with free test products from third parties in their e-commerce orders. The freebie items in question were included in all online orders, across all sizes and categories, for a limited time and have since been removed. This was an oversight on our part and we sincerely apologize for any offense this may have caused to our customers, as this was not our intention in any way.” Though the brand claims the Atkins bars were sent to customers "across all sizes," the oversight remains a dangerous one for women of any size. Sending unsolicited diet bars to anyone could be a trigger for body dysmorphia and eating disorders, and all brands—especially those that target young women—should be aware of this. There is no room for "oversights" like this from fashion brands anymore. 
 You'll be tempted to test the limits of Casual Friday. Good news, Parachute fans—the cult-favorite bedding brand best known for its cotton and linen bedding (not to mention quality pillows, duvet inserts, a brand new mattress as of 2019, and the coziest cashmere robe you'll ever wear) has just made its first foray into silk. And sleepwear. Yep, that's right: Parachute is now selling silk pajamas, and they're as dreamy as they sound. As part of a limited edition capsule collection with A.L.C., a women's clothing brand founded by Andrea Lieberman, Parachute is now offering silk pajama sets in two colorways (blush, and striped), as well as silk pillowcase sets (in blush and white), a black and white silk robe featuring embroidered palm trees on the back, and of course, a silk eye mask. While robes are nothing new to the Parachute catalog, pajamas—and silk in general—definitely are.  As far as silk pajamas and robes go, they're basically the ultimate in luxury for lounging around, and would even make a great gift (that sleep mask especially!). But those silk pillowcases are an especially great addition to the Parachute catalog. If you're not already familiar with the benefits of using a silk or satin pillowcase, or you haven't made the switch yet, it's worth noting that they're more than just a way to up the luxe factor of your bed. Silk pillowcases can help protect your hair from damage and breakage, not to mention your skin from breakouts and irritation, thanks to the material's lack of friction while you're sleeping on it. (You can read more about that here.) The new silk capsule collection is now available to shop online at Parachute as well as at A.L.C., and you can find it in stores at both brands' brick-and-mortar locations, too. You can also check out—and shop—the full collection below.  ALC FOR PARACHUTEparachutehome.com$59 BUY NOW Follow House Beautiful on Instagram. 
From: House Beautiful US

 See what Bazaar editors and style influencers are wearing to New York Fashion Week. Season after season you've probably seen countless street style photos of editors, models, celebrities dressed to the nines for fashion week—whether in New York or Paris. While some might wear clothes straight off the runway, most are drawing from their own closets, or borrowing from their favorite brands. Regardless, it can all add up. So we tapped Bazaar editors Joyann King, Kerry Pieri and Chrissy Rutherford, as well as influencers Vanessa Hong, Nausheen Shah and Maria Duenas Jacobs  to share how much their fashion week outfits really cost.
 Many of the pieces are already available to buy on Amazon. Rihanna debuted her latest Savage X Fenty lingerie collection with a diverse and dance-filled runway show during New York Fashion Week. The show is now available to stream on Amazon Prime Video and to coincide, many of the looks from the runway are already available to shop now on Amazon. From the colorful bra and underwear sets worn by Bella and Normani to lace bodysuits and thermal shorts, click through to shop some of the newly-launched pieces from Bad Gal Riri herself.  A yellow bra similar to the look Bella Hadid wore on the Savage X Fenty runway.  The underwear Bella Hadid wore on the Savage X Fenty runway. The logo bra Gigi Hadid wore on the Savage X Fenty runway. The logo underwear Gigi Hadid wore on the Savage X Fenty runway. The printed bra Normani wore on the Savage X Fenty show.   
 Gigi Hadid has already been spotted sporting the collection ahead of its launch. Your favorite trans-generational fashion mash-up is back at it again, this time around, it wants to sell you deluxe sweats.  Following the success of its first and second collections, Fall Risk will launch Volume 3 (Mix ‘em, Match ‘em, Flip ‘em, Stack ‘em) this Saturday, on August 17. In this capsule, cashmere and sweatsuits are the stars of John Targon’s nostalgia-focused clothing brand.  “I like the idea of viewing it as a go-together game with only one rule: everything matches,” says Targon (formerly of Baja East). “I’m thrilled to offer luxurious cashmere for everyday activities.” In 100% cashmere waffle, the matching joggers and hoodies come in two different color combos. Rock the black and purple set to add some edge to your wardrobe, or sport the turquoise and yellow set to exude your penchant for fun. Gigi Hadid was recently spotted donning the latter set during her trip to Mykonos.  We made your airport outfit that much softer. To help you get through your middle seat, baby crying, 5-hour delayed flight A post shared by  FALL RISK (@fallriskinc) on Jul 29, 2019 at 3:23pm PDT Of the premium cashmere material, Targon said, “The yarn was so precious to us that there was no cutting involved with production. A single strand of yarn was used in each panel of the garment, knit into the exact shape and fit, achieving almost zero waste. The result is a textured, buttery fabric that is voluminous and plush. We created a modern, large-scale version of a traditional 3D waffle technique that is both durable and super comfortable. " At a time when more and more are focused on sustainable brands and conscious consumption, Targon is mindful of large production margins that often go to waste, "your purchase supports our love for quality craftsmanship and zero waste.”  Each of the four items–which will retail at $395 USD–will have only 50 units in stock, which means you should set your alarm for the drop now (after all, Volume 1 sold out in just 45 minutes—Bella Hadid wearing pieces probably didn't hurt either).  The collection can be purchased on the brand’s website, at the Communitie Marfa and the Communitie East boutiques or at its 212-982-RISK hotline.
 Shop the trend at every price point.  Fall fashion brings us so many shopping opportunities that it can get slightly overwhelming, even for the most seasoned of us shoppers. In footwear alone there are plenty of fun new trends to try—from cowboy boots to kitten heels—but if there's one versatile style to shop, it's the sock boot. Proving their staying power, sock boots are still going strong this season. Not only will they fit you like a glove, but the silhouette will also go with virtually your entire fall wardrobe. Click through to shop our favorites of the season that are guaranteed to take your look to the next level.  The easiest way to wear the trend? A classic pair of black stretch pointy boots that will go with everything from jeans to midi dresses and beyond.  A neutral and sexy take on the look, these Kim K-approved booties work for day or night.  We're into the varsity trend this fall and these sporty sock boots are the perfect way to try the look.  Gigi Hadid's been spotted wearing these red hot booties on several occasions and for good reason—they make the perfect statement-making top off to jeans and a tee or a night out look.  A pair of stark white leather boots are the perfect contrast to your fall wardrobe.  Go big or go home with these ultra sleek over-the-knee boots. Bonus points? They double as tights when worn with a dress on chillier days.  Leopard print is sure to be everywhere this season, but this statement-making pair of boots feels like a fresh take on the trend. (And it will instantly take any outfit to the next level.) The perfect mix of classic meets trendy, these artful heels add an unexpected touch to your shoe game.  Logos are back and they're better than ever in Fendi sock boot form.  Throw these on with a pair of jeans and a blouse and you've got an instant lewk.  Who says sweater weather is just for sweaters? You'll never want to take these cozy knit boots off.  Leave it to Vetements to make actual sock boots (lighter heel included).  The return of knee-high boots are one of our favorite trends for fall and this pair is the perfect hybrid of sock meets leather.  Go for an unexpected fall color with these icy blue leather sock-style boots.  Add a touch of sparkle to your look with these sock boots that do the talking for you. 
 The Stranger Things actress talks '80s style, Cartier bijoux, and what's in store for season three. Natalia Dyer is in a pink and white confection of a room at the Ritz in Paris, getting ready to put on her Prada for a night of dinner, dancing, and jewelry to celebrate the launch of Cartier's new Clash collection. It's primed to be a truly extravagant affair with performances by Billy Idol and Christine and the Queens, and mile-long tables with seating for the likes of Jake Gyllenhaal and Rami Malek. Before she's whisked off with her date to the former prison/palace that held Marie Antoinette before her execution for the evening, co-star and rumored boyfriend Charlie Heaton, the shy 22-year-old posed in a cozy robe and bijoux for BAZAAR.com. See how she stacks her Clash, how she really feels about how fast life can change with a hit Netflix show, traveling with a fear of flying, and taking on the horror genre.   Where do we find Nancy at the start of season three? Nancy has a summer job—she’s hard at work figuring out her next steps. The trailer gives some of it away, I’m always scared to give away too much. Where do we find Natalia right now? How are you feeling about the trajectory your career has taken? I feel good. I feel really good, I’m excited, the past couple of years of my life have been big ones, a whirlwind, a lot of opportunity. You can’t plan too far ahead. It’s good to have some down time to travel and focus on things you don’t get to when you’re working. Where are your top travel destinations? I just did a trip with friends in Barcelona and a tiny town in Italy—Europe has been my exploration. I’ve been able to travel more in the last few years and I want to take advantage of that. But Tokyo is my favorite so far. And Paris! What was it like being in the City of Lights with Cartier? It was magical—it was all very grand, the dinner was amazing, honestly it was such a spectacle. It’s what you associate Paris with—lavish, ornate. I did all things I would never have done on my own in Paris. Billie Idol performed as well, do you feel like the '80s are following you? I don't mind, I think the '80s was just a really fun time. I see why it was an attractive time to think about and be inspired by, it has a really good vibe overall. But it is starting to feel very familiar! What’s changed most for you since the show premiered? The day to day stuff. I fly under the radar, but just that people who you don’t know know your name, and talk to you. It’s mostly positive, really nice people but it’s always going to feel a little strange to me. I’m aware of it, but it still catches me off guard. Mentally it’s the biggest adjustment change. It’s all positive things. What were your goals when you started acting? When I started in the theatre I was pretty young, so I didn’t have goals per se. When I was younger I would have said I wanted to be on Broadway, Phantom of the Opera or something. It was always just fun, it was always something I really loved to do, I had supportive parents. Is it something you see yourself doing for the rest of your life? Yes. I think initially, I didn’t know if it was going to be a career, but it’s a bit addictive if you enjoy it. I can’t imagine not doing it, I would seek it out in whatever form available. You're always growing and learning and it’s so dynamic, it’s helpful too as a human. I don’t know in what capacity I'll be acting, but I'll always do it. What would be your biggest dream role? Younger me would have said live action Anastasia. You get these scripts and you read them, so it’s hard to say specifically, but working with great directors is something I’d like to do. I would like to explore comedy and an action role. I just always want to tell good stories. You’re also in a Netflix horror movie, have you always liked the scary movie genre? Do they freak you out?  No, no, no. I don’t like scary movies almost at all, I’ve had to watch them. You have to drag me to scary movies. I just saw Us and that’s my threshold for scary movies. I’m getting more acquainted with it. When you’re acting in scary things, it’s easier to be like 'it’s not real,' but it’s not my genre. What’s your biggest fear? Flying. I’m not a great flyer, I think I’m getting better at it and then turbulence hits and I’m in tears. I’m working on it, I’m a baby, I need to get a handle on it. Trains are great. How do you approach the red carpet? Do you like to look like yourself? Does it feel more like dress up? I think it’s a bit of a balance, I think it’s fun to wear things that you would never ever wear outside of that setting but I think it’s more like exploring different versions of yourself. I put a high value on comfort. It’s a fun time and I work with Brad Goreski who puts things on me that I would never think to wear but that I actually love, to find new sides of me. It’s a creative outlet almost. Who are your favorite designers to wear? Brad also throws things at me that I’ve never heard of. I’m a fan of Prada and Dior, beautiful brands like that, but there are less well known brands that I’ve worn that I’ve really loved. Do you try to avoid 1980s associations in your red carpet looks? I don’t actively steer clear of it. In some ways, it doesn’t always suit me. I haven’t actively avoided it, but maybe subconsciously. But if the right look came along, why not? What’s your jewelry philosophy? More is more? One special piece? For me, I like to keep a few small sentimental pieces, less for decoration per se. I’m not a huge jewelry person, I get overwhelmed if I’m wearing too much, I like things that don’t really get in my way. Less is more, it’s important that it's sentimental. The Cartier pieces are small and unobtrusive, but still very cool.
 The famed photographer has denied the allegations made against him. Burberry, Michael Kors, and Stuart Weitzman have vowed not to work with Mario Testino again, following sexual misconduct allegations. On Saturday 13 January, the New York Times published an expose detailing claims made by 13 models and former assistants accusing him of sexual assault. Testino has denied the allegations.  His legal team, Lavely & Singer, challenged the "characters and credibility" of those who have made the claims, adding that they "cannot be considered reliable sources." The lawyers also said that former employees were "shocked by the allegations" and "could not confirm any of the claims." However, WWD reports that multiple fashion brands have since dropped the famed photographer, who is known for shooting luxury fashion campaigns, as well as working with the royal family.  Burberry—who hasn't worked with Testino since 2016—has no future plans with him. In a statement, the brand said: In addition, Michael Kors vowed to stop working with the photographer: "We recently learned of the allegations concerning Mario Testino. In light of the seriousness of these accusations, we will not be working with Mr. Testino on future advertising campaigns." Stuart Weitzman's chief executive officer and brand president, Wendy Kahn, also said that the brand will not work with Testino for the "foreseeable future." The photographer is responsible for several of the footwear brand's campaigns, which have starred Gigi Hadid, Joan Smalls, and Lily Aldridge. Kahn told WWD:  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 The festivities were short lived.  After filming the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai earlier today, the VS models headed to the official afterparty to celebrate. However, the festivities were cut short by local authorities, WWD reports.  The models—including Bella Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio, Jasmine Tookes, and more—made their way to the party in a neighboring building after they finished filming the fashion show at around 9 p.m. Ten minutes before midnight, however, the music abruptly stopped and  a number of uniformed police officers started to enter the venue, according to WWD.  “They want us to finish. We are sorry, we tried,” said a woman directing the crowd on a microphone. Luckily the models were able to get their photos on the pink carpet and get some dancing in at the party before it ended prematurely. As of right now, the reason for the unexpected shutdown has not yet been confirmed. This is just the latest of issues Victoria’s Secret has encountered while producing this year’s fashion show in Shanghai. Days before today’s filming, it was reported that Katy Perry, who was expected to perform, was denied a Chinese visa. Top model Gigi Hadid, who was previously confirmed to walk in today’s show, was also reportedly banned from entering the country. Several other models, and some bloggers who were planning to attend and cover the event, were also reportedly denied entry.
 Finding the right watch is a bit like finding a husband. Finding the right watch is a bit like finding a husband.p> Finding the right watch is a bit like finding a husband. Pick a great one and you'll keep it forever; pick the wrong one and you'll be dying to get rid of it after a year or two. Ana Maria Pimentel, accessories director at Neiman Marcus, took it a step further: She started her marriage with a watch. "Instead of an engagement ring, I got engaged with a 1954 Rolex Oyster," she says. The relationship women have with their watches is sacred: Claire Distenfeld, the 27-year-old owner of the concept boutique Fivestory, on Manhattan's Upper East Side, remembers mourning the loss of a Franck Muller Cintrée Curvex watch that she'd received as a graduation present. "I had to take a four-year hiatus after losing it," she says. "I thought I couldn't be trusted." Distenfeld is now a Rolex girl; her current relationship is with a men's Oyster. Gender-bending watches are nothing new, but they continue to hit the mark for a casual-chic modern-garconne effect. "A huge face looks masculine and sporty," says Caroline Issa, executive fashion director of Tank magazine. Madonna has been known to run around town in a men's Longines watch. And, as it turns out, choosing a men's watch is the accessory equivalent of "wearing the pants." Adds Pimentel, "We're definitely seeing a trend of women wearing oversize, sportier watches. Colored ceramic versions are especially big for summer." For women who want a classic and timeless look, the ne plus ultra is the Cartier Tank, the square-faced fashion insider's favorite that dates from 1917 and that first ladies from Jacqueline Kennedy to Michelle Obama have worn. Those looking to add a little more edge might go for the stud-enhanced Hermés Medor. (Shala Monroque loves her pink one.) It's the perfect watch for the trend-conscious. And if you want the ultimate in opulence, there's the Bulgari Serpenti, an elegant 70-year-old bracelet style that was a favorite of Elizabeth Taylor's and continues to lure fans like sartorial maverick Anna Dello Russo. By wearing hers with chunky gold cuffs on one or both arms, Dello Russo has paved the way for women to wear a traditional evening watch for daytime. On the flip side, the actress Elizabeth Olsen was recently spotted at night wearing an oversize black Chanel J12 with a tuxedo jacket and black leather trousers. The new rule for wearing a watch? If you invest wisely and style it right, any watch can look right at any time. What you wear with your timepiece is just as important as when you wear it. At the moment, Issa is on a small-and-classic kick, wearing vintage watches she layers with big Eddie Borgo cuffs and gold Yves Saint Laurent leopard bracelets. "I switch my watch out depending on my look," she explains. "It's nice to pair a thinner, more ladylike watch with lots of bracelets and do something chunkier with a suit." As for Monroque, she prefers a Marc Newson Ikepod when not wearing her Hermés Medor. "It's funny because it has a gray rubber band, but it still manages to go with almost anything," says Monroque. "Sometimes I'll wear it alone, or I'll pile on some PVC bracelets with it." Distenfeld wears hers alone, with bracelets on her other wrist. "It's like a big bangle, so it's not comfy to wear it with a lot of other stuff," she says. "I load the bracelets on the other hand—evil eyes that I collect as I travel, an Aurélie Bidermann lip cuff we made for Fivestory, and a Jennifer Fisher chain-link bangle." Offers Pimentel,"I love the idea of mixing things that are precious with things that aren't, like an 18-karat-gold watch with friendship bracelets or something from Giles & Brother." Other new trends in the watch world? According to Distenfeld, though "most people gravitate toward silver, stainless steel, and white gold," a rose-gold Rolex is the Rolls-Royce of watches. "I've become obsessed," she admits. "A watch like mine in rose gold costs as much as a car, so I can't justify it, but I really think it's the most beautiful." Pimentel seconds the popularity of rose gold, adding that vintage watches and those with rubber bands are also in high demand. Whether you're going for the full rose gold or a more casual rubber-band style, a watch can set the tone for your look and can be transformed from day to day depending on how you style it. But if you're still not ready to fully commit to one model, "there's always the possibility of a second watch," says Pimentel. CLICK THROUGH TO FIND YOUR WATCH STYLE. Pictured above clockwise from left: Elizabeth Olsen, Shala Monroque, Marion Cotillard, Anna Dello Russo Chanel watch, $5,000, chanel.com. SHOP Dior Timepieces watch, dior.com. SHOP Rolex watch, rolex.com. SHOP Movado watch, $650, movado.com. SHOP Jaeger-LeCoultre watch, 714-955-4048. Cartier watch, cartier.com. SHOP TAG Heuer watch, 201-368-0710. Chopard watch, $8,570, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Bulgari watch, bulgari.com. Patek Philippe watch, Tiffany & Co.; 800-526-0649. IWC Schaffhausen, $37,900, net-a-porter.com. SHOP
 Monday will be the designer's last show as creative director.  After heralding her eponymous fashion house for 37 years, Carolina Herrera is stepping down as its creative director.  On Monday, the designer's Fall 2018 show will mark her final bow at New York Fashion Week, the New York Times reports. Taking over the reins as creative director will be Wes Gordon, who has worked as a creative consultant to the designer for the past year.  "Just don’t say I am retiring, I am not retiring! I am moving forward," she said in an interview with the Times.  Moving forward, Herrera will hold the title of "Global Brand Ambassador" at her namesake brand, while Gordon takes over as creative director. In her new role, she will continue to work closely with the house, attending store openings and events, but will not be designing the actual collections. "I am thrilled with the evolution of the company over the past 37 years…There is still so much opportunity and I look forward to continuing to represent this house and our projects all around the world. I am so pleased Wes is now part of the Herrera house—he’s the right one for this position to further build on our great momentum," Herrera said in a statement from the brand.  The designer, who has a force in the fashion industry for nearly four decades, has become synonymous with elegance, sophistication and ultra-feminine designs. While speaking with the Times, however, she revealed how the fashion industry is veering away from that: "Fashion has changed a lot. What they like now is ugliness. Women dress in a very strange way. Like clowns. There is a lot of pressure to change all the time. But it’s better to wear what suits you. Add something new and you have a great look. Consistency is important.”
 The fashion retailer says customers are free to use any fitting rooms. Topshop has announced that its changing rooms are gender-neutral, following a complaint from a trans customer who claimed they were refused access to female fitting rooms. Performance artist Travis Alabanza, who identifies as trans female and uses the pronoun "they," claims they were told to use the male changing rooms when they attempted to use the female changing cubicles to try on dresses. Alabanza—who was shopping in a Topshop in Manchester, England—was allegedly told by staff to use the male changing rooms downstairs instead. "Hey @Topshop just experienced transphobia in your Manchester store. Not letting me use the changing room I decide is shit, sort it out," Alabanza tweeted.  Topshop later contacted another customer and reiterated their policy that all changing rooms were available for everyone. A spokesperson from the brand told Cosmopolitan UK in a statement: "All TOPSHOP TOPMAN customers are free to use any of the fitting rooms located within our stores." The announcement applies "to all Topshop’s wholly owned stores worldwide," a rep told BAZAAR.com. It's not entirely clear whether this policy has been rolled out in response to Alabanza's and other complaints, or whether it was already in existence. Alabanza recalled the incident in more detail to Buzzfeed recalling: "She [staff member] wasn't rude, but she wasn't sympathetic either.  "I said, 'I'm not going to be safe down there. What do you want me to do?' and they just kind of shrugged. "I did think I could buy the dresses and take them home to try on, but I felt like, why am I doing this? My day instantly became politicized when all I wanted was a chill day shopping. "It's just been a whole stretched-out thing when all I wanted was to go into Topshop and go out. I normally online shop for this reason." Alabanza has since suggested that the fashion retailer should go beyond its gender-neutral fitting room policy and "train the staff about what it means to serve every kind of customer, how to advocate for us and respond against people who are phobic." 
From: Cosmopolitan UK

 In honor of Valentine's Day, we asked top models on the set of their BAZAAR x CR fashion shoot to open up about all things romance.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. While on-set for Carine Roitfeld's 'Stardust' portfolio, Hailey Bieber, Taylor Hill, Winnie Harlow, and more top models talk about their first (and worst) kiss, sweet relationship moments, and all things romance. Newlywed Hailey Bieber, who married Justin Bieber in a secret courthouse marriage last September, shares her new surname with camera: "I'm Hailey Bieber—and not Baldwin anymore!" Bieber excitedly introduces herself. "Everyone knows now."  Hailey recalls her first kiss, which took place in middle school. “The first kiss that I can remember with a boy that I really, really, really had a big crush on when I was probably 12 or 13,” she says. “We were sledding at my house, we did a little jump onto the driveway, and we were laying there and laughing, and there was snow on the ground, and we kissed.” The nicest (and most unexpected) thing a guy has ever done for Hailey came from her now-husband Justin. “I got home from work one day, and my husband had flowers just because on the table for me. No one had ever done that for me before for just no occasion, no specific occasion," she says with a smile.  Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill explains that although she doesn't recall precisely who her first kiss was with, she does remember it happened when she was only five years old on the playground. “I thought it was what you would do if you were friends, because I thought my parents were friends and they would kiss,” she reminisces of the sweet moment.   Winnie Harlow, who got her start on Tyra Banks' America's Next Top Model and walked her first Victoria's Secret Fashion Show this past year, reveals that she also had her first kiss on the playground sometime around 1st grade. "We were playing girls versus boys freeze tag and I ran after my crush, pinned him on the floor, and kissed him," she says with a laugh.  One of the sweetest things a guy has ever done for Harlow was "coming and supporting me on one of the biggest days of my career-life. And jewelry," she adds with a laugh. Although she did not mention the mystery man by name, her current boyfriend, Wiz Khalifa did attend the 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.   Watch the full video above to to hear more romantic moments from other models including Anok Yai, Hyunji Shin, Krow, and Cara Taylor. Subscribe to BAZAAR's YouTube channel so you never miss a single episode of Go To Bed With Me, Food Diaries, This Look Is Money, and more.
 From the new Schiaparelli to Chanel, all the most swoon-worthy runway haute couture.   Despite an ongoing European heatwave, Fall 2019 Haute Couture is hitting the runways in Paris this week. From over-the-top, swoon-worthy gowns to the most beautiful (and unexpected) hand-sewn details, we're tracking all the most breathtaking runway looks throughout the week. Click through to see all the best Fall 2019 Couture Week looks in real time.  Feathers, capes, and volume: Clare Waight Keller brought the drama to Givenchy’s latest couture collection. Fantasy and glamour came to life in the form of whimsical, towering feather gowns done in shades of mint green and black. A stunning lavender cape coat and tailored coat dresses complete with feather details brought elegance to new heights. And in a sea of ultra-glam ball gowns and feathers, sparkling metallic sequins and tailored coat dresses added unexpected touches of cool. Waight Keller has only been designing couture for two years now—but with this collection, it seems she’s already becoming a master of the art. —Lauren Alexis Fisher Virginie Viard showed her first couture presentation today, and it was nothing short of a hit. All roads lead back to Coco—the sweeping library that housed the Chanel Couture show at the Grand Palais was inspired by a neutral-hued one at the house's founder's home on Rue Cambon. The collection paid homage to those Chanel roots favored by Coco and Karl Lagerfeld: tweedy, long slim jackets, skirt suits, little black bowed shoes, pearl accents. But it was also very much the designer's own. Oversized, round shouldered jackets over mini dresses, ultra feminine dresses with bows and sheer chiffon, face framing ruffs, some elegant sparkle. Viand is keeping Chanel Chanel, bien sur, but with a new approach to quiet sophistication that feels all hers. -Kerry Pieri From candy-colored pastels to smart suiting and grand red carpet-worthy gowns, the Armani Privé couture woman is ready for every occasion this season. There were series of ‘80s-inspired polka dots, there were sheer nipple-freeing looks, there were even technicolor gowns made of tulle and (faux) fur. Details like oversized bows and tiny leather rose hair pieces amped up the femininity of the collection—just in case all the pastel tulle and silk didn’t do so enough. But whether she’s going to the boardroom or a ball, Mr. Armani delivered plenty of dreamy looks to choose from. —Lauren Alexis Fisher
 The '90s-inspired collection will make you nostalgic. Last night, the Prada Resort 2019 collection hit the runway, attracting celebrities, designers, and models to New York City where the show took place in a space designed by Herzog & de Meuron. While Chanel brought an actual cruise ship to the runway for its Cruise 2019 show in Paris, Prada kept things lowkey, but no less dramatic.  The show took place in the minimalistic space designed by Herzog & de Meuron, and was followed by a private dinner hosted by Miuccia Prada at Piano Factory, the brand's headquarters in New York: With heavy nods to the '90s, WWD described the collection as "geeky-cool" and "inclusive of specific references to the spring 1996 collection in which she famously thrust 'ugly' prints into the forefront for fashion." Fashionista agreed that "Many of the pieces felt like revamps of prior Prada classics," noting that the current trend for recycling retro looks appeared to have inspired Prada's Resort 2019. Here, a "fresh take on a classic": The collection also featured a plethora of hats: And the show was attended by numerous celebrities, including Selena Gomez, Dakota Fanning, Marc Jacobs, Uma Thurman, Claire Danes, Lily Collins, Baz Luhrmann, Alexa Chung, Ava DuVernay, Katherine Langford, Sasha Lane, and Chloë Sevigny, the majority of whom wore Prada: The show was also live-streamed in Times Square, and the runway itself "mirrored New York’s frenetic energy," according to Prada. This cyclical effect continued as images of the models walking in the show "were played and distorted on hanging, transparent screens throughout the set":  
 It's all so very English...  Vivienne Westwood and Burberry, along with Westwood's husband Andreas Kronthaler,  have revealed the campaign for their highly anticipated collaboration — the first for the brand under newly appointed Chief Creative Officer Riccardo Tisci.   "Vivienne Westwood was one of the first designers who made me dream to become a designer myself and when I first started at Burberry, I knew it would be the perfect opportunity to approach her to do something," says Tisci. "She is a rebel, a punk and unrivalled in her unique representation of British style, which has inspired so many of us. I am so incredibly proud of what we will be creating together." The collection features double-breasted jackets, trousers, silk shirts, kilts, a beret, tights and pins — all in Westwood’s iconic designs, reimagined in Burberry’s vintage check pattern.  The stunning campaign images were shot by David Sims and feature a cast of characters including the iconic Kate Moss, Vivienne Westwood herself, Andreas Kronthaler, Sistren, and Leonard Emmanuel, all wearing looks from the limited-edition collection.       The oh-so-English collection also has a charitable aspect to it. Westwood and Tisci shared the vision to support UK non-profit organization Cool Earth, which supports efforts in rainforest communities to halt deforestation and climate change. An oversized T-shirt that reads "'Cool Earth has a plan to save the rainforest" in Westwood's handwriting is dedicated to the charity. Westwood has also shared plans to customize four exclusive items from the collection to be auctioned and raise more for Cool Earth. The collection begins at $70 and is available in select stores worldwide, as well as online at burberry.com.  Introducing #VivienneWestwoodandBurberry @SOLDIERBOYFRIEND shot by #DavidSims, wears The Westminster Trench in honey and Cool Earth slogan-print T-shirt, styled as a scarf A new collaboration in support of @CoolEarthAction #RiccardoTisci #VivienneWestwood #AndreasKronthaler Click link in bio to shop now A post shared by  Burberry (@burberry) on Dec 6, 2018 at 1:13am PST
 Because she's not a regular mom, she's a cool mom. Yes giving mom a bouquet of flowers and a heart-felt card is always an easy move, but what if you want to go a bit above and beyond? Click through for our guide to some fabulous mother's day gifts that she might not necessarily "need" but will surely love anyway. A special dress for an extra special woman. To make her feel like Cinderella again.  We know how moms love to fill their bags with lots of stuff, make sure hers is as chic as can be.  Heritage necklace, $500, and $350, heritagejewelry.com.  SHOP Now she doesn't have to choose a favorite. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.  Turn your mom into an analog influencer.  Jaguar 2020 XE, starting price $39,900, jaguarusa.com. SHOP Whose mom doesn't deserve a sexy, red sports car?  Your mom will feel pampered everyday at home with this in her showr.  Help mom up her self-care game with this rose quartz facial massaging tool Pierre Hardy sneakers, $595, 24sevres.com. SHOP For the mom who knows her power.  Urbanstems unlimited delivery, $50-$119, urbanstems.com. SHOP Moms deserve stylish, fresh flowers 365 days a year.  Not just any terry cloth robe will do for a mom  like yours, only the finest silk.  Louis Vuitton bottle holder, $1,030, louisvuitton.com. SHOP Now she can tote around her favorite wine in style whether she's heading to book club or an out Dior earrings, $240 each, dior.com. SHOP Personalized pearls are the new go-to
 “We are all devastated by today’s tragedy." Kate Spade's family has responded to the designer's death from an apparent suicide. “We are all devastated by today’s tragedy,” her family said in a statement to The Daily News yesterday. “We loved Kate dearly and will miss her terribly. We would ask that our privacy be respected as we grieve during this very difficult time.” The designer, who was 55 years old, is survived by her husband Andy Spade, who co-founded her eponymous handbag brand, and their 13-year-old daughter, Frances Beatrix Spade.  Actor David Spade, Kate's brother-in-law, responded to the tragic news on social media. On Instagram, he posted a photo and message dedicated to the late designer. "Fuzzy picture but I love it," he wrote. "Kate and I during Christmas family photos. We had so much fun that day. She was so sharp and quick on her feet. She could make me laugh so hard. I still can't believe it. It's a rough world out there people, try to hang on."  Fuzzy picture but i love it. Kate and I during Christmas family photos.  We had so much fun that day. She was so sharp and quick on her feet. She could make me laugh so hard. I still cant believe it.  Its a rough world out there people, try to hang on. A post shared by  David Spade (@davidspade) on Jun 5, 2018 at 5:27pm PDT He also posted a photo with his sister-in-law at his book signing on Twitter. "I love this pic of her. So pretty. I don't think everyone knew how f*cking funny she was," part of his caption read. Katy at my book signing. I love this pic of her. So pretty. I dont think everyone knew how fucking funny she was...  Its a rough world out there people. Try to hang on pic.twitter.com/2kRPvGvj8w The designer's sister Eve Brosnahan gave a brief, tearful statement to The Daily News. “It’s very difficult,” she told the newspaper. “I can’t right now. I just can’t.” Spade's niece, actress Rachel Brosnahan (House of Cards, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel), remembered one of her aunt's happier moments. She posted a video of Kate dancing and smiling with her husband on Instagram this morning. "Knowing Katy, this is how she would want to be remembered," Brosnahan captioned the clip. "She had a light that words can’t capture but touched everyone she came into contact with. She was exceedingly kind, beautifully sensitive, insanely talented, funny as heck and one of the most generous people I have ever known. She was effervescent. Hug your loved ones extra tight today."  Knowing Katy, this is how she would want to be remembered. She had a light that words can’t capture but touched everyone she came into contact with. She was exceedingly kind, beautifully sensitive, insanely talented, funny as heck and one of the most generous people I have ever known. She was effervescent. Hug your loved ones extra tight today. A post shared by  Rachel Brosnahan (@rachelbrosnahan) on Jun 6, 2018 at 4:32am PDT Kate Spade was found dead by a housekeeper in her New York City apartment at around 10:20 a.m. on Tuesday, June 5. A note was found, but police would not confirm or discuss its content, according to People. Spade's death is still under investigation. If you or someone you know is exhibiting warning signs of suicide, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255).
 A look back at the year's most FASHUN fashion.   Loving fashion also means acknowledging just how ridiculous fashion can be. From a $1,000 leather Alexander Wang cooler to waitlisted thong jeans and Croc-inspired Balenciaga heels, 2018 delivered plenty of eyebrow-raising items to the fashion world. As the year comes to an end, we're taking a look back at all the wildest, weirdest, and just a tad ridiculous pieces that 2018 graced us with. Hold onto your Gucci heads... Y/Project is known for its risk-taking, deconstructed pieces, so when the Parisian brand designed its own iteration of the classic Ugg boot back in January, the outcome was these thigh-high boots that looked like baggy suede pants.  Before the Year of Our Lord 2018, models typically carried handbags down the runway. But at Gucci's Fall 2018 show, Alessandro Michele introduced a new crop of accessories for models to tote: human heads and baby dragons. The creepy, sci fi-esque pieces served as the real stars of the show, sparking endless memes, of course. In case you forgot how much of a wild ride 2018 has been, let me remind you of thong jeans. Back in the spring, LA-based brand Carmar Denim unveiled a pair of ultra-distressed jeans that somehow instantly sold out. It's unclear how many of the jeans were produced, but an online waitlist to buy the $168 jeans—which are actually just the seams of jeans—quickly accrued.  Taking the ugly shoe trend to new heights, Christopher Kane put his own fashun twist on orthopedic shoes for brand's Fall 2018 collection. And the sneaker-like shoes didn't just look like orthopedic shoes—they were actually a collaboration with orthopedic footwear brand Z-Coil.  In a surprise collaboration with Magnum Ice Cream, Alexander Wang unveiled a luxe black leather cooler (to store all your Magnum bars in style, obviously). The cooler, toted by Bella Hadid and Wang himself in the campaign, was available to shop for a cool $1,000.   Who needs Instagram filters when you’ve got mods? Here’s the one and only 😍 @kimkardashian radiating in the A. Human Glow SS19 🌟, an implanted necklace designed for her, by her. Experience the future of fashion for yourself at the A. Human flagship showroom. Book your appointment now. 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽 . . . ahumanbody.com #ahuman #kimkardashian #nyfw #ss19 #fashionweek #newyorkfashionweek #nyfashionweek A post shared by  A. Human (@ahuman) on Aug 31, 2018 at 12:31pm PDT Delivering one of the most mind-blowing fashion moments of 2018, a body modification accessory exhibition titled "A. Human" opened to coincide with New York Fashion Week in September. Kim Kardashian West and Chrissy Teigen were amongst the first to debut the body modification pieces, which included a built-in choker necklace that moves in sync with your heartbeat and biological high heel implants. The trippy accessories, which were not actually available to buy, instead remained on display in an interactive exhibit that explored the potential future of fashion.  Balenciaga gave us platform Crocs in 2017, in 2018, the fashion house followed up with Barbie-inspired Croc heels. The pumps even included Balenciaga's high fashion take on Croc's kitschy, kid-friendly pins. And strangely enough, I really kind of wanted a pair?  For those looking to hide from the hellish news cycle that was 2018, Thom Browne came up with an interesting solution for his Spring 2019 show. The designer sent a lineup of playful face masks in the form of beach balls, melted ice cream cones, snorkels, rugby masks, and more down the runway. It certainly made for a new form of escapism.  Last but not least, this bag definitely falls into the category of Crazy Genius. For his Spring 2019 collection, Brandon Maxwell sent clear box bags filled with rosé bottles down the runway. A handbag meant specifically for carrying bottles of champagne and rosé is exactly what we need to carry out of 2018.
 Her brand became a household name overnight. A little-known Australian designer received the royal seal of approval on Tuesday when Meghan Markle wore one of her dresses in Sydney.  Designer Karen Gee's website crashed after the Duchess of Sussex wowed onlookers in a simple ivory shift as she greeted government officials with Prince Harry on day one of their Australian tour. Despite the pregnancy announcement Monday by Kensington Palace, the dress showed a barely visible baby bump. “It’s an absolute honor to have Meghan wear our dress,” Gee told BAZAAR.com.  “The fact that she could choose anyone in the world and she’s chosen Karen Gee on her first day is phenomenal.” The bespoke ‘Blessed’ shift dress, which retails for $1,285, takes around one day to make and is available in ivory, ink, and black.  The royal plug sparked an online shopping frenzy and caused Gee’s website to crash several times throughout the day. The brand, which offers made-to-order pieces along with ready-to-wear in its flagship store at Sydney's Chifley Plaza, was also flooded with calls from shoppers all wanting to emulate Markle’s debut maternity look. “The purpose of the brand is to encourage women to feel good no matter what size and shape they are,” said Gee, a mother-of-five. “I truly believe Meghan is empowering because she is confident, backs herself—and who doesn’t love her?” While the designer remains tight-lipped on the royal commission (even on the fabric) she did reveal the style comes with satin binding and couture zippers. It is also the brand's policy to never ‘gift’ products in return for a celebrity plug. Gee launched the ethically made label (it is accredited by Ethical Clothing Australia, which ensures supply chains are transparent and legally compliant) five years ago, and her body-hugging designs are often purchased and worn by local TV celebrities.  Gee's philanthropic work may have also appealed to the Duchess.  Prior to launching the brand in 2013, Gee won the Mrs Australia Globe competition—a national pageant for women over 25 that helps raise money for charities.  On day one of Meghan and Prince Harry’s Australian tour they will also visit Taronga Zoo and the Sydney Opera House to watch a rehearsal of Spirit 2018 by the Bangarra Dance Theatre.  The couple are in Sydney to launch the Invictus Games this Saturday. Their 16-day tour will also include visits to Fiji, Tonga, and New Zealand.
 These shoes had a 25,000 person wait list. Meghan Markle loves her heels, rocking stilettos well into her pregnancy. But every once in a while, the Duchess wants to wear a comfy pair of flats. That's when she has been known to turn to the Natalie by designer Sarah Flint, a pointy-toe style with a subtle bow detail. She's worn the Natalie multiple times, perhaps most notably when she made her public debut alongside then-boyfriend Prince Harry at the 2017 Invictus Games.  Back then, she paired the shoes with distressed jeans from Mother Denim, a crisp white button-down by her friend designer Misha Nonoo, a matching cognac-colored tote bag from Everlane, and tortoise-shell shades.  Like much of what Markle wears, the shoes have become widely popular, and at one-point even boasted a 25,000 person waiting list. But today, all the colorways, including the "saddle" shade the Duchess of Sussex sported back in 2017, as well as black, red, leopard print, and gold, are back in stock. And for a limited time, they're also on sale.  Take $50 off any Natalie flat with the code HBDNATALIE. "I designed it to be versatile and comfortable, but still elevated with a pointed toe and subtle bow. I’m glad that our customers love the Natalie as much as I do!" Flint said in an email to T&C.   Shop the royal favorite below: 
From: Town & Country US

 Pro tip: they go with everything.   At this point, it's impossible to step outside and not see several pairs of white sneakers topping off chic outfits on the street. Sneakers no longer carry the casual, lazy day stigma they did in the past. Now, a simple pair of white trainers can look stylish on the runways, the street style elite, celebrities and models off duty, and just about everywhere in-between.  Now that the white sneaker trend has become a staple in our footwear arsenal, which ones should you shop this season? Look to these 15 options ahead.  For all your midi dress styling; these sneakers are breathable, and feature a cool caged silhouette.  What's better than a sleek white trainer made from responsibly sourced leather? Plus, this brand is a favorite of Meghan Markle.  The way in which white sneakers can be worn are virtually endless, thanks to the stylish street style circuits we're continuously blessed with. For a fresh take on the look, try styling them with a printed power suit.  Slide these on for an easy, sustainable footwear option that can be styled with anything from pants to skirts and dresses.  For a minimalist design that comes with a seriously cushioned sole for your feet.  Whether you're going on a grocery store run or leaving the gym, white sneakers can always elevate your look. Take note from Gigi Hadid and top off sweats or leggings and a denim jacket with a clean white pair. For those that are fashion-forward, you'll instantly recognize the covetable golden numbers at the base of this sleek sneaker.  A luxe white sneaker that's anything but ordinary.  These cool-girl sneakers feature a platform that'll elongate the leg for mini dress wearing.   Take note from Leandra's style book and wear your white sneakers with an off-the-shoulder statement blouse and utilitarian shorts.  A sophisticated update to the classic Nike Air Forces for all your nostalgic pleasure.  These classic sneakers will easily become your go-to for high-waisted denim and maximalist dresses alike.  Madewell's iteration is a simple, affordable pair that looks more expensive than they are.  A tailored pant makes an updated juxtaposition against a casual white sneaker.  Saint Laurent's version of this trend features another trend we can't get enough of: leopard print.  For an Adidas sneaker unlike all your other shell tops in your collection. Can't you easily picture this with biking shorts and a lightweight blazer? Let this luxurious white sneaker make a statement, even with the simplest of seasonal ensembles.  Kendall Jenner is never wrong when it comes to her expertly curated street style looks. Wear your white sneakers with a bright blouse and black high waisted mom jeans.  These classic Reebok's will take you back to the good ole days of packed lunches and boy troubles. Modernize them with a silk skirt and ruffled blouse.   GG's low-top buffed sneakers feature technical mesh, and a futuristic colorblocked tone of grey, cream and white.  Made from 100% post-consumer recycled plastic, this new sustainable sneaker will go with all your summer dresses. 
 Her past bags still have miles long waiting lists, don't fall in that trap again... Gabriela Hearst's "Nina" bag did what all designers hope for when designing accessories: garnering a dedicated fan base who wanted it in multiple colors, it drew waitlists that continue to grow to this day. Not one to rest on her laurels, Hearst is back with a brand new bag, the Patsy. A lunch-box inspired shape, it shares the super luxe vibe of the Nina in a more structured silhouette.  The New York-based Hearst is consistently thoughtful in her designs, researching ethical and sustainable fabrications and practices, and her inspiration for the Patsy is no different. Inspired by working women in the 1940s, the Patsy is more than a pretty bag, it has a feminist heart. "The research process for every collection is one of my favorite parts," the designer explains, "My motto is to understand our history to know where we came from and where we are going." What she discovered is basically a fist pump from our collective Grandmas. "I was inspired by the lunch boxes of women entering the work force during the 1940s," she says. "In WWII, from 1940 to 1945, the female work force in the U.S. increased from 27 percent to nearly 37 percent. In 1945, nearly one out of every four married women worked outside the home. Women carrying their lunch boxes during this time became a patriotic and important symbol for women and stressed the the need for them in the work force at a crucial time, and they did exactly that in huge numbers. It’s a reminder of what our gender has accomplished but also how much more is left to do in order to achieve equality for all." "Women carrying their lunch boxes during this time became a patriotic and important symbol." Hearst is launching the Patsy exclusively with Net-a-Porter on Monday, October 1, and that story isn't as simple as it seems either. "For our bags, it takes an average of nine to 10 months from original conception to sample," Hearst tells BAZAAR.com. "We work on them for a long time and the production can take a minimum of three months, hence our waitlists."  It was important for Hearst to launch the brand's authentication cards with embedded blockchain technology "that is synonymous with luxury  and that has a global reach," she notes. "The bags will only be available for two weeks, so that we can open the window for more customers to experience an authentic Gabriela Hearst handbag." The Gabriela Hearst "Patsy" bag is available on Monday, Oct 1 for two weeks on net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW
 Clare Waight Keller went all in at Givenchy... Bows and hair bows in particular have officially become a thing. One can hardly get through an Instagram session without stumbling upon a moodily filtered image of a velvet or silk bow worn insouciantly in a perfectly executed ponytail. Like Brigitte Bardot, the bow is inherently French in a way that feels almost impossible to separate. C'est chic, without ever trying too hard. But British royal Kate Middleton, better known for her equestrian jackets, skirt suits, and candy colored evening gowns, has become an unofficial spokeswoman for the velvet hair bow thanks to an inexpensive (and obviously no longer available) J. Crew one she's been wearing around London-town. Like everything Kate wears, the masses are sold on its appeal.  Proving the bow’s mass appeal, but skipping the tiny velvet iteration altogether, designer Clare Waight Keller introduced Super-sized bows for her couture collection for Givenchy today—her third for the brand. Waight Keller isn't an overtly feminine designer, her designs for Givenchy have ranged from blazers tucked into cargo pants to sequin column gowns and Megan Markle's sophisticated, lovely, minimal royal wedding dress. But those giant bows, unabashedly girlish, become wing-like on the models walking down the catwalk in flowing gowns. They're attached to backpacks—done up in graphic black and white—so a girl can make an entrance in her bow, but coat-check it if her mood shifts.  They looks are pretty in a way that Audrey Hepburn in Givenchy was pretty—impactful but elegant, simple and statement-making. And what good is a six figure couture look if it can't—literally—give you wings, anyway? 
 The powerhouse designer partnered with Saks on a new capsule... Virgil Abloh spent the night at Saks Fifth Avenue's new in-store hot spot, L'Avenue, to toast his new capsule with the mega department store. He was joined by friends including Gigi Hadid—who held her 24th birthday party there a few nights prior—Luka Sabbat, Olivia Culpo, Heron Preston, and Jimmy Fallon. People show up for a Virgil Abloh, Off-White event. The man has proven he has that indescribable, allusive magic—the ability to make people want to buy things. And he's happy to share the magic, signing onto collaborations that both surprise and delight. His Saks capsule is no different. It just makes good sense—filled with Off-White heroes including a denim jacket, a little black dress, cool kicks, a white tee—all inspired by "fine art." Below, Abloh allows BAZAAR.com into his process, just a bit.  The instance of my brand, Off-White, to have a personal dialogue with Saks. My goal and inspiration was to tell an angle of the brand that would be more direct and momentous with their customer. A means of communication to tell a story. Fashion is art to me–I’m involved with all facets of art.  My work in architecture, music, fashion, and my art exhibitions all work hand in hand and serve as inspiration to one another. I see fashion and art as one great entity. I enjoy doing collaborations because I’m an optimist. Collaborations provide the opportunity to explore ideas and create things that haven’t been done before–or even perhaps give way to change the scope of fashion altogether.  I’m inspired by the natural pace of life–there are no dull moments or off time. I’m invigorated by existing–I don’t get any gratification by not existing, so the balance is instinctive. 
 A look back at the decade that continues to influence today's style.  From the debut of the mini skirt to mod-inspired styles, the 1960s were known for breaking fashion norms and traditions. With the influence of British fashion, the rise of daring hemlines and the breakout of Twiggy, there was plenty of newness to be inspired by in the '60s. Click through to relive the best styles from one of the most impactful eras of fashion.  The elegance of the 1950s carried into the early part of the new decade. Here, a model wears a red, fur-collared coat with brown leather gloves and matching pumps.  Diahann Carroll poses in a red belted dress layered over a creme jumpsuit at the Watts Towers in Los Angeles. The New Look cocktail dresses of the 1950s carried over into the early '60s, especially for dinner parties and evening attire.  A model in a checkered skirt suit.  A woman poses in a silk floral dress and kitten heeled sandals.  A model shows off a tweed coat design with matching accessories.  A woman posing in a red print dress, white gloves and pumps.  The mod fashion movement was born out of London, but quickly spread around the world. Here, a colorful mini dress paired with white gloves and a headscarf gets the look just right.  A model shows off a colorful print dress, yellow pom-pom earrings, and neon green heels while on set.  A model wears a green and white houndstooth set.  First Lady Jackie Kennedy in a sleeveless silk dress, white gloves, and pearl necklace while exploring India. A model poses in a matching dress and overcoat with white gloves.  A woman in a green one-piece swimsuit goes for a swim. A model in a taupe high-neck dress with three-quarter length sleeves and a waist-cinching black leather belt. Elizabeth Taylor dons a leopard coat and matching hat while out.  Two models in shift dresses, oversized hats, and gloves on the steps of the Piazza di Spagna in Rome.  Both bikinis and one-pieces remained popular throughout the decade—each updated from the decades before in various ways.  A woman in a colorful striped shift dress.  A model in a striped shirtdress.   Hats and flower power joined forces for this look shot by milliner turned photographer James Wedge in London. A model in a colorful striped romper and white sunglasses.  Audrey Hepburn wears a tweed skirt suit while stepping out of her car in Rome.  A model wears an oversize straw hat and knit coverup on the beach.  A model in a hot pink and black checked suit with a belt, black gloves, and pearl earrings. Model Veruschka poses in a sheer, striped jumpsuit in Barbados.  For a day at the races, a woman wears a polka dot dress with a matching hat and parasol.  A model in a pink and black checkered skirt suit.  Brigitte Bardot arrives in Las Vegas after tying the knot with her then-husband, industrialist Gunther Sachs. She is in a yellow mini dress with green strips at the bust and hem. British models Sara Crichton-Stuart (left) and Twiggy (right), walk down out of a local store in London for a shoot.  Twiggy poses in one of her signature mini dresses and Mary Jane shoes while out in London. 
 The designer goes from Posh to Sporty with a new range of activewear and trainers.  There was once a time when Victoria Beckham notoriously only wore sky-high heels. These days, however, the designer is embracing a wardrobe with a bit more ease—and even... sneakers. So much so that she teamed up with Reebok for an activewear collection that's equal parts chic and workout-friendly (or more accurately, Posh meets Sporty).  Marking her first foray into athletic-wear, the first drop of Victoria Beckham x Reebok features sleek sports bras, tracksuits, and a turtleneck-esque sweatshirt that (sadly) sold out in less than 12 hours. For Beckham, it was important to design a wearable collection that worked for everyday women and men all over the world. "I don't want a 'woman's' trainer, I don't want a 'woman's' hoodie...I want a trainer, I want a hoodie," Beckham explained at a press preview for the collection's launch, calling most of the pieces unisex.   Launch day! Morning workout in my new #ReebokxVictoriaBeckham crop top, leggings, Bolton low trainers (available in March!) and cap!! x VB A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Jan 22, 2019 at 4:03am PST   With her own namesake brand, Beckham says she focuses on designing clothes that empower women. Her Reebok pieces are no exception, staying true to her own personal style and the core aesthetics of her ready-to-wear line. In fact, when asked if anyone or anything in particular inspired the collection, she shrugged: "Just me, really." With VB-esque shades of camel, minimal silhouettes, and some of the chicest sweatshirts we've ever seen, it shows. After a morning of showing off the new collection to a group of editors, Beckham sat down with BAZAAR.com to talk about her collaboration with Reebok—and her biggest style inspiration: herself. Harper's BAZAAR: The high-neck sweatshirt is my favorite piece from the collection, I’m so bummed it already sold out!Victoria Beckham: I know, it’s a great top.  HB: So you’ve gone from wearing nothing but high heels to designing a collection with Reebok. How did you start embracing sneakers and activewear in your wardrobe? VB: I mean, I’ve been wearing trainers for quite a long time and I love mixing them with ready-to-wear. I think that’s the great thing about sportswear, is that you can really mix it and make it your own. HB: Is there anything or anyone in particular that inspired the collection?  VB: Just me, really, and everything that I need in my life.  HB: How do you mix and match activewear with pieces from your own brand on a regular basis? VB: I think a lot of this really does work when you wear it with men’s tailoring, like a really cool men’s tailored coat that you might throw over your shoulders or the bomber with some high-waisted vintage jeans.  HB: Is there anything happening in fashion right now that you’re excited about? Especially now that more luxury brands are delving into activewear collaborations like this.  VB: Um, not really. I don’t really know what to say, I feel that this is exciting and feels different and new and fresh.  HB: I know your kids and David are really into sportswear, did they have any input with this collection or the design process? VB: No. I mean, they like it and they want to wear it so I think that’s a good sign.   HB: You’re doing more collections with Reebok in the future. Is there anything that you didn’t get to do in this first collection that you’re looking forward to doing in the next? VB: Yeah, there are some things that time-wise we couldn’t get into the first collection. And also, I wanted this to be a very focused collection, so there’s lots of great pieces that we started working on that will be in the next collection.  
 From kitten heels to platforms, high heels have been a staple accessory for centuries.  Heels are an instant pick-me-up for any outfit, adding a figure-flattering boost and a dose of confidence to the wearer. However, the beauty of high heels are that they come in many different shapes and styles. Think kitten heels, platform heels, strappy heeled sandals, wedges, and even heels made out of lucite or geometric shapes. From the 1500s to today, between Audrey Hepburn's signature black kitten heel, to Lady Gaga's massive armadillo shoes, high heels have been an integral component of wardrobes for centuries. Click through to see how the shoe has evolved over the years.  The earliest instances of heeled shoes date back as far as the Egyptians, but the look really picked up steam during the 16th Century. Towering platforms called 'chopines' are thought to have originated with prostitutes in Venice for the added sex appeal the extra height offered, but soon became popular amongst aristocrats for their ability to keep clothes from dragging in the filth that covered the streets.  Though heels today are wore almost exclusively by women, the style was popular among men throughout the 1600s and 1700s. French royalty in particular, like Louis XIV (left) and Marquise de Pompadour (right), were fans of the heeled shoe as it conveyed that the wearer had no use for practical footwear, or the need to walk easily.  By Victorian times and into the early 20th century, heeled boots were the primary choice among elegant ladies. They often featured exposed buttoned closures—not that they were often seen beneath the long full skirts of the era.  With the raised hemlines of the Roaring Twenties, shoes were now on display. Look at this stylish lady showing off her trendy buckle shoes.  Decorative garters help when shoe styles are simple.  As hemlines stayed above ground, thoughtful details like cut-outs were used to make sturdy leather pumps more interesting. This lady takes things to fancier territory with her shiny satin heels.  ...while this lady is all about the brocade.  Ever wonder where Taylor Swift's love of T-straps originated from? These practical pumps are Exhibit A. Attempts were made to improve the T-strap style by making it in delicate satins for evening rather than clunky leathers. Now we're getting a little better. These cap-toe T-straps have an extra glam touch.  More vintage shoes that Taylor Swift would probably wear today.  Finally, a rare moment of height! Perhaps women were feeling bold in 1929—until the market crash, that is.  1930 was a fairly frumpy year for footwear.  Thank goodness for the golden era of Hollywood and its stunning starlets–like Jean Harlow– who inspired a more glamorous wave of heels.  Casual.  Bette Davis knew the power of a basic black pump.  Now this is our kind of woman. Check out that collection! More low heels and cut-outs and sitting on random tables.  Summertime shoes in 1936 were way chicer than the flip-flops worn poolside today.  Pumps galore.  Ferragamo created his iconic rainbow platform in 1938 for actress Judy Garland.  While the platform may have shot to popularity during the '70s, the late 1930s was when they first came onto the shoe scene.  Replacing the pumps of the 1930s, wedges became a mainstay of women's shoe collections in the '40s.  And thanks to the rise in sky-high wedges, pumps gained a little bit of height and a chunkier sole and heel.  Shoe styles started lightening up in the 40s, when cut-outs turned into the first renditions of the strappy sandal.  Bow details and a revealing vamp give black pumps a distinctly feminine flair.  These ruffled satin slides take boudoir lounging to the next level.  One of the most unique shoe styles we've seen thus far–Ginger Rogers' wedges have no mid-sole!  Ruffle-front d'Orsay pumps pave the way for some of the 1950s styles. 
 When in doubt, put a monogram on it. When it comes to those closest to you, the quest for the "perfect gift" always involves finding something that feels personal, and not purchased in haste. Instead of rushing to your local store for a cluster of vague gift cards, show you care by opting for a present that’s on an entirely new level––one that's been customized specifically for the receiver. No matter the person, the occasion, or the location, there's nothing better than a personalized present that's been printed, engraved, or embossed. From a bottle of smooth, relaxing whisky to an initial pendant, these are the 10 best personalized gifts to give this year (you can guarantee they won’t be regifted). Whether they've prepared an impressive spread for a dinner party or made up the guest room for you, anyone who opens up their home to host deserves a nice gift. Go for Crown Royal Deluxe—the true standard of excellence when it comes to mature whisky.  With notes of oak, vanilla, and subtle hints of fruit, this lingering full-bodied drink goes down smooth and makes for the ideal hostess gift. Personalize it with a custom message bag to celebrate all your special occasions. SHOP NOW Inspired by the brand's iconic price tags, this golden pendant is the perfect gift for your favorite jewelry lover of any gender. Engrave it with initials or a special date to make it personal.  Have a close friend going away for a semester abroad or honeymoon, or returning from a year-long business venture? Give them the gift of easy traveling.  This carry-on suitcase comes with an ejectable battery to charge electronic devices and is crafted for overhead storing. Make it special with custom letters and tags.  Fit with bamboo fibers for an ultra-soft texture, this waffle-weave robe from Williams Sonoma is ideal for the cozy-loving friend in your life or the soon-to-be bride. Personalize it with a monogram.   We all have someone close to us who's a beast in the kitchen. Whether for a birthday dinner, a late-night holiday party, or a backyard BBQ, these luxe steak knives will always come in handy. Monogram them for an extra-special touch.  For those constantly checking their watches, give them the gift of a personalized rose-gold Fossil watch. It's made from stainless steel and has a sleek, minimal construction, and they don’t have to know you engraved it for free.  Forget about jewelry; some of our friends would rather splurge on home goods and decor. Indulge them with these lettered pillows, which span the entire alphabet.  Destined for the friend who has organization down to an art, this leather charger roll up is crafted in a chic buttery brown hue and designed to stash all cables, cords, and chargers. Monogramming is included at no cost.  Transform your buddy's shelves with this set of personalized books. You can choose between three different color combos and eight classic works of literature, which come bearing the receiver's name.  If you're close to someone, you likely have a ton of sweet, happy memories together captured on film (real or digital). Print out a glossy photo of you two and place it into this silver-toned frame, which can be monogrammed or engraved with a phrase or note. 
 2019 is your time to stand out from the crowd. Bring 2019 in in style with dresses that do everything except blend in with the masses.  Ring in the new yer under the stars in this whimsical frock.  Go '80s inspired for your New Years soiree, pair with a slouchy boot if you're really committed to the decade.  A high contrast mini with '50s appeal.  A simple silhouette in a feminine color is sure to stand out in the crowd.  If you'll be dancing all night this fringed halter will have you looking your best.  Keep it ladylike in this bold midi dress.  More is more on the last night of the year.   Keep it romantic in sweeping florals.  You can never have too many sequins on the sparkliest night of the year.  For that tropical New Years getaway.  You'll be a true gem in this ruffled mini. 
 Sport Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner on your new smoking paraphernalia. Alexander Wang revealed his Fall 2017 campaign yesterday, starring classic Wang Squad members like Bella Hadid, Kendall Jenner, Anna Ewers, Binx Walton, Lexi Boling, and Hanne Gaby. The models wear black with matching studded boots, bedhead hair and smoky eyeliner for the "No After Party"-themed ads. The images echo the designer's Fall 2017 presentation in February at RKO Hamilton Theater in Harlem, NYC. Juergen Teller shot the models right after walking the runway, as they hosted their own after-party in the basement of the theater and strutted the icy streets of New York. But the campaign goes beyond glossy images; Wang also hopped on the merch trend and released smoking and drinking accessories emblazoned with the ads. There are rolling papers, ultra-thin shot glasses, a bottle opener, a lighter, and an ash tray in the mix. The items will be released every Friday, starting today, September 15, until October 20, while supplies last. They'll be available with purchase at the brand's flagships in SoHo and London, all Alexander Wang stores in China, and online at alexanderwang.com. SHOP Crack open a cold beer with Bella Hadid on your bottle opener: And go bottoms-up with shot glasses featuring Lexi Boling, Hadid, Binx Walton, Cat McNeil, Anna Ewers, and Hanne Gaby wearing Wang's No After Party Tights, ankle boots, and nothing else: There's also a guest appearance by A$AP Ferg in the campaign, but unfortunately that doesn't appear on any merch.   
 All of the best looks from one of fashion's most important seasons.  Pre-Fall is not merely an in-between season, it's one of the longest and most impactful of the four collections per year. See what's going to be on your shopping list come summer.
 9-to-5 meets hot girl summer.   While all of us are trying to live our best hot girl summers, Emily Ratajkowski is busy reinventing the look (and mentality) for the boardroom. Giving us the 2019 Working Girl reboot we all deserve, the model stepped out in a blazer, bra, and bike shorts combo—instantly becoming the official CEO of hot girl summer.    Wearing an oversized camel power blazer by The Row, a white bra, black bike shorts by Khaite, and croc mules by Giuseppe Zanotti, EmRata took to the streets of New York after attending The Wrap's Power Women Breakfast event in Tribeca. Her outfit combined fashion's ongoing obsession with '80s power suiting (and shoulder pads) with this summer's bike shorts trend.  Unsurprisingly, the look worked just as well on the red carpet as it did in the streets of New York. According to her Instagram, the model/activist was there to discuss starting her own brand, the importance of knowing one’s self worth, sex positivity, and feminism.   Cue Dolly Parton's "9-to-5," cast EmRata in the upcoming movie remake, and call it a day.   Previously, the model credited Princess Diana with inspiring her style for Summer 2019. "I’m trying to go ‘80s and have been thinking about Princess Diana’s street and ready-to-wear moments like a blazer and a bike short and a big sneaker,” she told Us Weekly in an interview.   Given the late royal's signature '80s and '90s style of oversized blazers and spandex workout attire, it's safe to say EmRata's doing a good job of channeling her muse. 
 At about $440,000 a piece. Whether you're ready for it or not, holiday shopping season is upon us. And if you're already stumped on what to get the special someone in your life, Neiman Marcus has a suggestion: why not a Rolls-Royce convertible or two? The high-end retailer is offering limited-edition Dawn Drophead Coupés by the luxury auto dealer as a part of its annual Christmas Book holiday gift catalogue. The vehicles come in two "yours & mine" styles—because why would you give someone a Rolls-Royce without getting one for yourself? There's a Lake Como-inspired blue iteration with a grey-and-black leather interior and a brushed metal dashboard for $439,625:  And there's a Saint-Tropez-inspired orange version with a white-and-brown leather interior, a wood-paneled dashboard and doors, and lambswool floor mats for $445,750: There's also a philanthropic side to the luxurious purchase: with each Dawn Drophead Coupé purchase, $1,000 will be donated to the The Heart of Neiman Marcus Foundation, which supports youth arts education.  The cars will be available starting November 2. Call 1-800-970-0986 to purchase and get more info here. There will only be 20 vehicles available so maybe don't go buying a bunch at once for your entire extended family. The cars are part of the Fantasy Gifts in Neiman's gift offering, which is full of over-the-top presents. Other options include a trip to Champagne for $150,000, a flight and photo experience with fine art photographer Gray Malin for $35,000, and a tour of Gemfields' emerald mine in Zambia and custom 7.2-carat emerald piece for $300,000.  The Rolls-Royces aren't even the most expensive items in the book; a $1.6 million New Year's Eve experience on the rooftop of The Knickerbocker Hotel in Times Square takes the cake as the priciest indulgence.  Much like the coupes, the offerings come with a charitable perk: a portion of every Fantasy Gift will be donated to The Heart of Neiman Marcus Foundation.  Realistically speaking, those of us with tighter budgets for holiday shopping can still consult Neiman Marcus' gift selection. Nearly half the products cost less than $250, and the cheapest option is a $9 pocket coloring book. SHOP
 Introducing, your It sneaker for fall. Vans and Karl Lagerfeld's upcoming collaboration might make you want to ditch your white summer sneakers for some sleek black kicks. The 12-piece capsule was inspired by Lagerfeld's "evolving design aesthetic with iconic elements from his timeless career," Vans Classics' senior footwear designer Angie Dita told BAZAAR.com. Thus, the resulting collection remixes some of the skate brand's quintessential sneakers—like the Old Skool, Sk-8 Hi and Classic Slip-On—with motifs like K-quilted leather, boucle fabric, referencing Chanel's signature tweed, and Lagerfeld's profile worked into Vans' famous checkerboard print. The range also extends beyond footwear, with graphic tees, a bomber jacket, premium leather backpack and a cap. News of the collaboration broke just last week, but Lagerfeld and Vans actually started discussing a joint women's collection a few seasons ago. "We decided to work together since both Vans and Karl Lagerfeld’s brand messaging revolved around creating products that are timeless and iconic," Dita said. The timing of the collection couldn't be more spot-on, just as Vans' Old Skool and Sk8 Hi styles are rising as the new go-to sneaker, and the fashion world continues to tap on the skate aesthetic. (Just take note of Thrasher hoodies in street style shots, or Louis Vuitton's collab with Supreme.) "When I see the fashion world take references from skate trends or brands, I feel that they are intrigued by the fact that skaters are creatives that set their own rules and code," Dita explained. "There is something intriguing about how skateboarding symbolizes a sense of independence and non-conforming attitude that begins at their youth. They follow their own path." Vans x Karl Lagerfeld officially launches on September 7 at select Karl Lagerfeld boutiques, Vans stores and online at vans.com and karl.com. Prices rage from $40-$300. Take your first look at some of the pieces below. 
 A #nofilter look at industry racism. Like many models, Londone Myers likes to post photos and videos of the totally fabulous fashion world. But one of her latest posts is going viral for exposing the struggles that non-white models, particularly black models with natural hair, still face in the industry. In a behind-the-scenes time-lapse video from an unnamed Paris Fashion Week show, Myers waits for someone to work on her hair; when she pans the camera, you can see a group of white models being worked on. As Myers expresses her frustration over no one seeming to want to style her hair in the caption: Myers explained to Teen Vogue that she usually didn't even try to get a professional to do her hair before shows, but this one time, she showed up "unprepared" — how everyone else shows up.  As Myers expresses, it isn't as though any one individual or beauty team or even designer is to blame for the treatment she received. Rather, the industry at large still finds itself either unable or unwilling to accommodate different (and often racialized) hair textures. This all feeds back to the push to cast a more diverse range of faces, bodies, and yes, hair on runways, as well as hire and promote designers and behind-the-scenes staff who recognize how to deal with all sorts of styling requirements because they simply interact with or are from differing backgrounds. And clearly, natural hair should and absolutely can be styled in a way that doesn't, as Myers put it, come off "haphazardly": For Myers, she's asking for the courtesy that most other models get de facto:  Read all of Myers's comments here. 
From: Cosmopolitan US

 Take all our money—it might not fit in some of these bags anyway... The summer bag has to have that something special—a bit of wicker, a lighter hue, something whimsical, or interesting, or just plain cool. Shop 15 that fit the bill, from updated basket bags, to beaded numbers, and something floral. Gigi Hadid shows off a thoroughly modern approach to evening dressing in an Off-White silver jacket and oversized denim, paired with a ladylike white bag by By Far. By Far Bag, $655, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Has there ever been a more whimsical, pretty bag? We'll wear this with jeans or an ethereal white maxi dress. This subtle hint of color on a waist bag can take a look from just ok to wow. We're always down for some classic ACK vibes. A sporty look becomes infinitely more luxe thanks to a silver chainmail bag, as seen on Emily Ratajkowski. Paco Rabanne bag, $600, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW This little woven and leather piece will bring you from day weddings to beach parties. Loewe's now iconic tote got an update in neon—and we couldn't love it more.  A post shared by Débora Rosa (@deborabrosa) on May 1, 2019 at 10:34am PDT This baby bag lends a pop of color and logo love to boot. Jacquemus bag, $520, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW We're not sure whether to wear this with our best summer separates or go digging for clams with it—but it's chic either way. This whimsical little bag requires little other styling to make it pop. Think: cut offs and a white tee and hit the road in style. This sporty tote can go from beach to city, no problem. Arguably the "It" clutch of summer, this Bottega Veneta bag is a fan favorite for its simple design and perfect execution. Bottega Veneta clutch, $2,400, bottegaveneta.com. SHOP NOW This cross-body bag can take you through summer and the rest of the year. We love a rich hue against more neutral tones. We love the subtle color blocking on this bag—we'd wear it with anything cotton and trench-inspired. What's not to love about a round mini woven bag with subtle leather detailing? Nothing, we say. 
 Gucci goes to Rome, Chanel's train station, Dior's Marrakech adventures, Prada in NYC, plus more! Designers get very #extra during the cruise collections, throwing giant extravaganzas in far flung locations around the globe. Cruise, a.k.a. resort, the season between spring and fall whose clothes land in stores around November/December, has all the big designer names participating in these spectacles. From Virginie Viard's first collection for Chanel in the Grand Palais that was transformed into a train station, to Dior infiltrating Morocco and Prada coming to NYC, see below for all of the best looks from the season built for fabulous vacations.  Miu Miu showed at the Bois de Boulogne in Paris—a racetrack that dates back to 1873. This charming set up, at sunset no less, served as backdrop to a collection that emphasized color, volume, and a great pair of shorts. 1930s inspired dresses with exaggerated details like oversized collars walked alongside "Newsies"-worthy short suits with the hats to match. Grandpa cardigans, striped ankle socks, and saddle bags complete the idea—which was an overall charming look at life at the track.  The Row recently launched its own e-commerce site, a homebase for all of those beautifully distilled pieces. The very essence of all the items you dream of in your closet—that leather trench, the pleated skirt, the equestrian jacket that fits like a kid leather glove. Some bold accessories, like a cobalt blue bag, or turquoise, or pink, punctuate these standouts.  It's always a little shocking when a wunderkind turns ten, but there it is, Jacquemus has been in the biz for a decade. To celebrate, Simon Porte showed a Resort Collection on a  fuchsia carpet in a lavender field. Those sexy dresses, bold shouldered jackets, bits of blue, and lace, that the French designer has become synonymous—and beloved—for were all there. As were some short suits and micro bags. He's a designer and a social media star—a thoroughly modern occurrence ten years in the making.   With languid silk dresses and enough suiting—done up in leather, wools, and beyond—to outfit a proper lady for the foreseeable future, Petar Petrov is proving to be a beacon of sophistication. Designing in Vienna, and showing in Paris, there's a European sensibility and exacting tailoring to looks that are nothing short of a worthwhile investment. These are forever pieces with none of the boring connotations.  Daniel Lee has succeeded in taking a respected atelier with a dedicated customer base and upping its cool factor just enough. Bottega Veneta is a brand for grown-ups, it's not about flash, but it can be about fashion—and in Lee's hands it most certainly is. Statement trenches in leather and turtlenecks in leather, dresses in leather (you get the idea, the Milanese brand is a leather brand by DNA, after all), have that chic factor that women who buy pieces to last are looking for. Knotted bags and thong sandals finish these minimal, cool, but unfussy looks.  This buzzy designer is consistent proof that simplicity is not synonymous with boring. Her sleek, evening-ready pieces aren't about flash, but they do promote that something special—a sheer panel here, a twist there. In a sparse palette of black, cream, and silver, it's the shape and details that matter—and this deft young designer makes them matter.  Polka dots, oversized jackets, a statement blazer—Tibi is all about the pieces that elevate a woman's wardrobe. They provide that something extra. It's not about standing out, it's about that something special. Color is sparse, but the overall vibe for Resort is still about high impact. Gabriella Hearst looked to strong women as inspiration for Resort, Simone Weil, an early spiritual activist, her own mom, Bo Derek, Patti Smith. The clothes reflect those archetypes in a melding of masculine and feminine—tea does lace camis and dresses, smart polka dots, tailored suiting, luxe cashmere dresses. Hearst is a fabric fanatic and sustainability has been her mission since day one—she does it with a luxury hand that’s unmatched. In a clever melding of polka dots with studs, Teddy Boy boyishness with '40s Old Hollywood glamour, pumps with bold ankle straps and classic creepers, Michael Kors gave us his version of the vacations season—think: polka-dot swim suits, red sequined gowns, and a plaid trench. It's witty and fun, Resort for all-year-round, with a heavy nod to tailoring. Knitwear was also king, with studded cardigans and Irish knits. In other words, the Kors girl is covered for Resort. Clare Waight Keller is a stellar designer as well as a working mom, and it shows. She's dressing women for their actual lives—with tailoring for work, great coats, and ultra-feminine eveningwear. For Resort, she put an emphasis on tailoring, a standout military coat, the bold faux furs that the designer has been playing with for seasons, and, of course, those gowns. Consider it a wardrobe for the fashion-forward every-woman.  Lazaro Hernandez and Jack McCollough hit all the high notes: innovative linen suiting, dresses cinched at the waist with leather, little '90s inspired bags with buckle details, pleating on simple white skirts, bold sequined looks, and a shearling that manages to nip in at the waist. These two play with fabric, layering, and jackets that can be worn multiple ways, with buckles, and belts. The palette is simple—black, white, tan, a cool shade of yellow—but there's nothing straightforwardly simple about this level of design.  Coach is all about the girl who loves a good vintage store find, but done perfectly—a leather trouser, a billowing tunic dress, a patent leather anorak, the little plaid suit. The brand integrated the "Horse and Carriage" motif, throughout, on bags and tops, to a sort of '70s graphic effect—all paired with high top trainers and platform boots. In a recent podcast, Cate Holstein said women want three things, "denim, cotton, and cashmere." That formula seems to be working for this minimalist designer. Her pieces are special, feminine, but never overwrought. There are bold sleeves, sleeveless gowns, and a denim pencil skirt we need in our closets right this second. And that's the trick; these are clothes you want to wear every day, not just dream in.  Alessandro Michele made a political statement and showed Gucci's resort collection at the oldest museum in the world, the Musei Capitolini, in Rome last night. Models walked among statues lit by torches, perhaps as a nod to the idea that we might be returning to the dark ages. Women in the U.S. are under attack, with politicians voting to severely limit their reproductive rights, and Michele took the runway as an opportunity for activism. A suit jacket made a statement with My Body, My Choice on the back, and a pretty white dress was embroidered with an image of a uterus on the front. The date 22.05.1978, the day the Italian law protecting legal abortion took effect, popped up on other pieces. There were also beautifully draped gowns that were super feminine and pretty—a clear message that Michele isn't here just to make women feel beautiful; he'll do his part to get the message out that their rights need to be protected as well. For Ricardo Tisci's Burberry, it's all about the balance—streetwear, complete with leopard-print bucket hats, suiting for the corporate ladies, those English tropes that Burberry owns so well (ahem, the trench coat), and a little glitz for an evening out. Lifestyle brand is an overused term, but this season proves Burberry wants to be in your closet for every need and occasion.  For Resort, Tory Burch skipped her past references on the Mediterranean and went a little closer to home—farm country in Pennsylvania to be exact, where she spent her summers growing up. A little bit of patchwork, a little embroidery, a fair isle sweater, wildflower florals, and a great shearling plaid coat were just some of the high notes to come out of the inspiration.  Vuitton carted guests all the way to JFK to show off the newly renovated TWA Flight Center, originally designed by the architect Eero Saarinen in 1962. But don’t expect some standard issue mod collection from the cool fashion master. “I was lucky enough to have landed at the TWA Flight Center in the late Nineties. It was something I could never forget. This place was forgotten for twenty years, and now has come back to life. It’s like a sanctuary that’s been revived and seeing it enchant anew in a different iteration, as a hotel, is a great pleasure," says creative director Nicolas Ghesquière. "It’s about rediscovering of an uncommon place that yet is a part of American heritage,” he adds of the locale, outfitted with jungle plants for the occasion. The collection celebrates New York City in ways both overt and subtle, with glimmering jackets that looked like the Art Deco Chrysler building, and others with graffiti inspired New York City written out in the back. Pinstriped suits gave a nod to Wall Street from the era that was decidedly the heyday of that famed money strip—the 1980s. Bermuda shorts and corsets provided an unexpected silhouette, and peplum skirts are making a comeback. Trousers are belted, high waisted and slim at the ankle, paired with sequined black and silver cropped capes and velvet corset hybrid tops. Of course, there are bags that we need to get a closer look at; was that a screen on one of them? New York is nothing short of cinematic, and while this cinematic locale made an impact, the fashion rose to the occasion.  Virginie Viard came out of the gate for her first collection with a bang. Or perhaps, it's more apropos to say she pulled into the station? The Grand Palais was transformed into a chic train station, complete with Chanel-ready destinations listed like Antibes and Rome. The looks honor the aesthetic of Coco Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld, while putting Viard's stamp subtly throughout. We're still getting to know her, but this Chanel girl has something very cool and a bit mysterious about her—those all-over logos, those big bows, the miniskirts. There was the iconic black and white combo, but there was also plenty of color; pink, green, blue, fuchsia, mauve and sky contrasted with deep bister, brown, cobalt, and navy.  We're on board for all of it—literally.  Prada came to NYC for the second year in a row and took on the classics through the lens of Miuccia Prada. Men's shirting is transformed into dresses and shorts. Plaid blazers are oversized, socks are ankle length, and there's a tennis sweater worth swooning over. It's a subdued glamour—think swing coats, pleated midi skirts, and insouciantly flung scarves, all in go-to shades of navy, pale blue,"Multichromatic" brights, tonal hues, easy whites—the brand calls it the push and pull of dichotomies: "Rich and humble, youth versus heritage, uptown versus downtown." Prada girls will love it.  For its Resort 2020 collection, the French fashion house traveled to one of its most stunning locations yet: Marrakech. The Moroccan city not only served as host to Dior's latest runway; its artists and culture helped inspire and create the collection. The theme was "Common Ground," which it sought to achieve through a series of collaborations with several African artists, offering a fresh point-of-view from the storied French fashion house. At a time when the fashion industry is increasingly being called out for cultural appropriation, it was a risky move—but Maria Grazia Chiuri aimed for appreciation, not appropriation.  The artistic director tapped Anne Grosfilley, an anthropologist specializing in African textiles and fashion, to consult on the entire collection. Grosfilley helped source fabrics and reinterpret signature Dior motifs with Uniwax, a local manufacturer from Ivory Coast. Several pieces were done in 100% African Wax—made from cottons grown, spun, and printed in Africa. Chiuri also enlisted Grace Wales Bonner (a British-Jamaican designer whose work explores a hybrid of European and African fashion) and Mickalene Thomas (a contemporary African-American artist) to reimagine Dior's iconic New Look silhouette. -Lauren Fisher
 BAZAAR's Senior Fashion Editor takes you front row in the City of Light. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. From the Givenchy runway to the Parisian streets, Bazaar's Senior Fashion Editor takes you behind-the-scenes of Paris Fashion Week—and the glamorous, inside look will basically make you feel like you were there. 
 The brand will take a direct-to-consumer direction. You won't be seeing Public School at New York Fashion Week in February 2018. Designers Dao-Yi Chow and Maxwell Osborne announced today that they won't present a Fall 2018 collection at NYFW, but will instead adopt a direct-to-consumer approach sometime in Spring 2018, Business of Fashion reports.  You'll still hear from Public School in the meantime, though. The brand will continue to release new products and focus on its collaborations with Nike and Alpha Industries while restructuring. The New York-based brand has already undergone few changes in its fashion week schedule in the past year. In 2016, Chow and Osborne combined the men's and women's collections into one show, and presented only twice a year, in June and December. Instead of presenting during traditional fashion months, the brand debuted new offerings while other labels were debuting pre-season collections.  Public School then returned to the regular NYFW schedule in 2017. Its Fall 2017 range, which debuted this February, famously included a cheeky remix of Trump's staple red cap.  The streetwear label was established in 2008, but started earning acclaim in 2013, after winning both the CFDA Swarovski Award for Menswear and the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund in the same year, BoF reports. In 2015, the design duo was poached by DKNY as co-creative directors. However, the pair stepped down in December 2016 to focus on Public School. Other brands have also bowed out of NYFW, but to show in Paris instead. Altuzarra, for example, showed during Paris Fashion Week in September, while Rodarte and Proenza Schouler presented during Couture Week in July in the French capital.
 A hand-written note to street style star Miroslava Duma has become the center of uproar in the fashion industry.  As Couture Week unfolds in Paris, one designer is finding herself at the center of controversy after using a racial slur.   Russian couture designer Ulyana Sergeenko came under fire for writing a note to blogger and street style star Miroslava Duma that read, "To my n*ggas in Paris." Duma, for some reason thinking the Kanye West line was acceptable for two white women to use, shared a photo of the note on Instagram Stories—which quickly elicited a wave of backlash from the fashion industry and beyond.  The designer was immediately called out by Instagram users and several industry insiders, including Naomi Campbell who tagged Sergeenko and wrote "this better not be real," on Instagram Stories.  This morning, Sergeenko took to Instagram to issue an apology, which in turn, many found to be just as problematic and tone-deaf as the hand-written note. She wrote, "Kanye West is one of my favorite musicians, and NP is one of my favorite songs, and yes, we call each other the N word sometimes when we want to believe that we are just as cool as these guys who sing it.” After the perplexing explanation, the designer continued in her apology writing, "I am deeply sorry to everyone whom I might have offended. Mira is a dear friend and even the fact that she so naively posted my private card on her social means that we meant nothing wrong and didn't realised [sic] the consequences." But followers and fashion insiders weren't buying Sergeenko's excuse.  Quite possibly the worst apology for casual racism I have ever read, and that’s really saying something. https://t.co/NRtVIJTNOI This DISGUSTS me. To see Mira post something on IG so casually using this racial slur, and then have Ulyana defend the usage with such a bs excuse makes my blood boil. So tired of “fashion girls” thinking that listening to one rap song gives them the right. pic.twitter.com/P5XHVnNXaX racism in fashion shot // chaser!!! pic.twitter.com/Zo36nA9QjJ Hours later, Duma issued an apology on her own Instagram page, writing that she is "very sorry" and "committed to inclusion and diversity."  She has since been removed from her position as a board member at The Tot, a decision announced Nasiba Adilova on Instagram.  I am deeply saddened and disappointed by the actions of Miroslava Duma at Paris Fashion Week overnight.  We have always held a no-tolerance policy when it comes to any form of racism or discrimination. Power and influence is a privilege and it needs to be carried with humility. I take this immense responsibility very seriously and believe actions speak loudly.  Effectively immediately, Miroslava Duma has been removed from the board of the company @thetot.  I stand by @thetot's decision, and hope this inspires people to consider how their actions and words affect others. A post shared by  Nasiba Adilova (@naseebs) on Jan 23, 2018 at 10:06am PST While fashion may be making small strides towards more racial diversity, this is yet another reminder that there's still a lot of work to be done in the industry. 
 Meet your new favorite influencer.   In the Year of Our Lord 2019 there is no shortage of fashion influencers, but Diane Keaton does not care. She has just discovered the #OOTD selfie on Instagram and now, it's over for the rest of you bitches.   The legendary actress has spent decades giving us iconic style—from on-screen moments like Annie Hall and The First Wives Club to her signature off-screen look of turtlenecks, suits, and top hats. Now, she's gracing Instagram with the fashion content that's been missing in our feeds of perfectly curated blogger posts.  Going with the straightforward caption, "TODAY'S OUTFIT," Keaton has started snapping mirror selfies of her all-black looks. The photos are all filled with comments ranging from "GOALS" to "SNATCHEDT" and "I’ve literally bought that MK belt in every single color thanks to your inspiration." Cut her her influencer check, we will all be wearing black suits, top hats, and combat boots in 2019 now.    After tackling both Hollywood and the wine industry, it's only natural for the 73-year-old to make her foray into the fashion influencer scene now. In fact, the actress made a rare front row appearance at Rodarte's Fall 2019 show in Los Angeles yesterday, letting us all know she's serious about this whole fashun thing.  Sign us up and pour us a glass of Keaton Wine, Diane is the fashion influencer we all need in 2019. 
 Watch a short film featuring special guest Monsieur Christian Louboutin, his friends, and his iconic muse Farida Khelfa. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Fact: Every good outfit deserves even better heels. The perfect pair can be a wardrobe game-changer no matter where you’re headed. But which to choose? Below, some of our favorite Christian Louboutin shoes fit for three different rendez-vous.   Another fact: Sometimes, all you need is a really good night out. Christian Louboutin’s Iriza, with a d’Orsay side cut, was practically made for an evening out with the girls (the midi heel is much more conducive to dancing on banquettes than a pair of sky-high stilettos). The only challenge? Choosing between all-over glitter, a graphic print, or classic black patent leather. If you’re having guests over, resist the urge to go barefoot. The pointed-toe Kate is the perfect classic anchor to any hosting look. The kitten heel adds instant polish to jeans and a sweater; the midi heels pair perfectly with a pleated skirt and silky blouse; and the stiletto puts the finishing touch on a little black dress.  Whether you’re getting ready for a romantic dinner or keeping it casual at a local bar, a pair of pumps kicks any date-night look up a few notches. And here, there are lots of options: the scalloped Hot Chick stiletto, the Soval pump, or the retro Clare— pick your favorite and pair with whatever makes you feel like your most irresistible self.
 Brandon Johnson, Kathleen Frey, and Sonne Bajwa saw their ideas come to life at the Harper's BAZAAR ICONS gala. They dreamed of seeing their clothes on the runway. And worn by people everywhere. And one night last month, three young Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT) students—Brandon Johnson, Kathleen Frey, and Sonne Bajwa—saw their careers take off at the Harper’s BAZAAR ICONS gala, held at the Plaza Hotel, as they celebrated winning the second annual Infor/FIT Fashion Design ICONS Awards.    “All my friends are going crazy,” said Sonne Bajwa, one-half of the duo that won the awards’ business contest. “My family’s going crazy.” Kathleen Frey, Bajwa’s co-winner would agree: “Being surrounded by all these people…the energy here is absolutely amazing.” To say that the event was star-studded would be an understatement. Partygoers included Selena Gomez, The Weeknd, Gigi Hadid, Kim Kardashian West, Kaia Gerber, Ashley Graham, Joan Smalls, Karlie Kloss, Iris Apfel, Kendall Jenner, Heidi Klum, Courtney Love, and Carine Roitfeld—who put together the guest list.  Infor, the leading provider of cloud applications for fashion and retail, teamed up with FIT and Hearst Magazines for the awards—a two-part competition that fosters collaboration between designers and the business teams that advance the creative vision, bringing designs to the closets of multitudes.   The contest was comprehensive. The first round was all about “concept to runway,” while the second focused on “garment to closet,” where contenders were challenged to successfully market the winning garment to the world. Johnson, the winner of the design portion of the competition, worked with couturier Paula Versalona to make his multi-piece dress leap from page to reality. Frey and Bajwa—the two FIT students in the International Trade and Marketing program who won the business award—crafted an ingenious multi-platform plan that addressed the task of selling 1,000 pieces of Johnson’s design via e-commerce and at 50 Macy’s stores, using technology such as Infor’s Customer Experience Suite, in addition to research and market data. They were judged on strategy, persuasiveness, presentation, and feasibility.  And at the gala—which was held on September 8—Johnson, Bajwa, and Frey saw everything they worked so hard for come to life: fashion influencer and Friend of a Friend editor-in-chief, Olivia Perez, wore the winning piece for all of the fashion world to see. “It’s so exciting to be here on his [Brandon’s] behalf and wear his incredible design,” said Perez.  It’s clear that these three FIT students went above and beyond to accomplish their aspirations. And this is just the beginning.
 How Svetlana Bevza’s 13-year-old brand became an Instagram-darling practically overnight.  Svetlana Bevza is not new to the fashion game, but her brand Bevza has certainly hit its stride. After showing collections for over a decade in the Ukraine, Bevza debuted in New York last year and suddenly everything changed. The current crop of celeb style icons like Gigi Hadid and Emily Ratajkowski have pledged their allegiance via some major street style looks, and Sophie Turner single-handedly put Bevza on the mainstream map by wearing a look by the brand during her nuptials weekend to Joe Jonas. The influencer set is on board as well, taking a special liking to a Bevza pearl bra top. “The idea of seashells and bra tops came to me when I was on vacation with my newborn child and I was baking mussels,” Bevza explains of the now-Insta famous top. “It felt like something precious, so I put the pearls in the most sacred place: on the breast.”  It's this love of women that shows through in each of her minimal, yet special collections. Below, the designer gets into her roots, her goals, and how she really sees a fashion house. Well, first of all, I think that sustainability and consciousness is not a trend, but it's of vital importance. People need to think and have alternatives to real fur because in Ukraine and all the post Soviet countries, due to climate conditions, everybody wears fur. We never used real fur in our label. But the idea to make this puffer look really fashionable, and to make a good alternative to a fur coat came to me two seasons ago. And I wanted to show that people can have puffers that look like iconic fur coats. So I took some famous ones like Carrie Bradshaw's fur coats and Margot Tenenbaum and did that on a digital print—some look like a puffer only when you come really close by. Yes, and to make a sustainable women's fashion brand. I want to bring back elegance. There's an overproduction of goods on the market and I want to make things that are timeless, that are not about being popular for one season. I want to create pieces that are considered a good investment. So when you buy a coat, it can be good this season, or five years later. Oh yes! It was a dream from early childhood. I told my mother when I was five that I want to own a fashion house, and I thought it had to be literally a house where my mom could live and help with the wardrobe. So my first sketches were of that house, with the wardrobes, and all the workers ate there, and slept there, and had parties and big dressing rooms. Hah, true! Oh, yeah. I am amazed by that. Bevza is already 13 years old. But when we showed during Ukrainian Fashion Week, we didn't have a lot of international press coverage. But finally, I applied to New York Fashion Week and they told me "Yeah, we liked it! Come on. Let's go."So, right after our first show at New York Fashion Week, we saw big growth on social media because people just saw it and they liked it. Maybe it happened like that because I already had years of practice. Well, after Sophie Turner, I mean all of fashion media wrote about it, internationally. And I am so, so happy that they mentioned the brand when they talked about the wedding.So the interest and brand awareness became much bigger, of course. And that impacts our business a lot. The main thing that we are concentrated on is increasing our production facility and keeping the quality. When I go to the office, five percent of my working time I can do the collections and be creative. And the other time is spent crystallizing the structure the best we can. Before entering New York Fashion Week, I was obsessed with getting Bevza on influencers' radar. And I was thinking how to reach them or how to try to convince them to wear something from Bevza, but right when I gave up on things like that, they just started to write to us and ask to wear our pieces. Of course, when anyone buys Bevza and posts on Instagram,  it sends the message that the product is good, and the design is good. The product starts to sell itself.  NINA @ninauc | BEVZA SS19 Pearl Top | available online on bevza.com A post shared by  BEVZA (@bevza) on Jul 31, 2019 at 7:49am PDT When I hear this question, I feel instantly that she very much is me. The Bevza woman reflects the way I live, the way I think, the way I understand elegance. There is a lot of influence, interest, and inspiration coming from my mom's wardrobe. Specifically, the styling references the generation that grew up on the edge of the '90s in Ukraine.  My dream is that the Bevza woman is one who respects herself, a woman who respects her genuine roots. The nature of women is very beautiful, so the Bevza woman is the one who stands for beauty in all the reflections this word could mean—beauty for respecting herself, and beauty in taking care of people she loves, and beauty of the way she speaks or moves. Oh, I'm ambitious. I think Bevza has a chance to become really big. I want every girl to have something, some Bevza in her wardrobe.  SHOP NOW
 The iconic model might be retiring. According to new reports, 2017 may be the last year that Alessandra Ambrosio walks in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. The model, who is among the 55 models currently in Shanghai preparing for this year's show, is apparently close to retiring from the VS runway, and fans are devastated. Fashionista is reporting that "If it is her final show, we anticipate her final Victoria's Secret runway appearance to be both a celebration of her incredible work with the brand and a emotion-filled goodbye." The publication cites Instagram fan accounts as the main source of the news, with rumors circulating that Ambrosio wants to focus on other projects. The model has recently been seen on the big screen in Daddy's Home 2.  Fashion blogger Imonation seemed to confirm the news tweeting, "Alessandra Ambrosio will be walking her last VSFS in Shanghai," though no source was referenced for this information.  The 36 year old model first walked the Victoria's Secret runway in 2001, and was selected as PINK's brand ambassador in 2006. Since then, Ambrosio has become renowned for her work with Victoria's Secret. While the model has worked with a plethora of brands including Ralph Lauren and Christian Dior, it's her work with Victoria's Secret that has made her a household name.  If 2017 is Ambrosio's last Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, then the model is sure to outdo her previous appearances, which have included wearing 30lb Jenny Manik Mercian wings, and walking the runway while pregnant.  
From: ELLE US

 The designer opened Ralph's Club, a Jazz Age nightclub, and Monáe was its star. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. New York Fashion Week is underway, and Ralph Lauren just created an unexpected experience for guests at his show. Re-creating a Jazz Age-era nightclub in lower Manhattan, the designer opened Ralph's Club for the night, and its entertainment did not disappoint. While the runway showcased the designer's takes on the tuxedo and the red-carpet gown, the stage was taken over by the inimitable Janelle Monáe. The Telegraph described Monáe's performance as "fierce and funky," revealing that the singer "clambered up onto tables, splashed champagne over the cheering audience and even crawled, Josephine Baker style along the floor and back up onto the stage." Instagram clips captured the energy exuded by the actress and singer, and showcased the stunning tuxedo dress she wore for the performance.    A night to remember at Ralph’s Club 🖤 #JanelleMonae brings the house down as #CateBlanchett and #HenryGolding cheer her on as she sings on top of their table @ralphlauren RG: @nicolefritton A post shared by  Harper's BAZAAR (@harpersbazaarus) on Sep 8, 2019 at 7:01am PDT  "In a tuxedo you're timeless, and you're right on time."⁣ ⁣ #JanelleMonae wears a look inspired by the ultimate evening icon from #RalphLauren’s new Fall 2019 Collection, revealed as she performed a lineup of jazz classics and originals.⁣ Read more at RLMag.com ⁣ #RLMag #RalphsClub #RLCollection #FW2019 #NYFW #RalphLauren A post shared by  Ralph Lauren (@ralphlauren) on Sep 7, 2019 at 9:52pm PDT  #JanelleMonae delivers a tour de force performance of jazz standards and original songs exclusively at #RalphsClub.⁣ ⁣ "Hope is in the fabric of my work," she says. "If you've connected properly, the audience will leave feeling better about life than when they came in the room."⁣ Read more at RLMag.com ⁣ #RLMag #RLCollection #FW2019 #NYFW #RalphLauren A post shared by  Ralph Lauren (@ralphlauren) on Sep 7, 2019 at 9:36pm PDT  Notably, Monáe covered "Fly Me to the Moon," made famous by Frank Sinatra—a perfectly apt tune for the occasion.  FLY ME TO THE MOON 🚀 🚀  #JanelleMonae last night live at #RalphLauren Fashion Show #JanelleMonáe #FlyMeToTheMoon #live #music #jazz #swing #Sinatra #FrankSinatra #RalphLauren #RalphsClub #NewYorkFashionWeek #NYFW #NYFW2019 #FW2019 #NYC #NewYorkCity  #Style #Fashion #Elegance #Glamour A post shared by  MONÁEDROID  ⚡ Φ Β (@monaedroid) on Sep 8, 2019 at 4:03am PDT  Monáe channeled the era as she arrived at Ralph's Club in a glittering gown, accessorized with a pearl choker.   Bella and Gigi Hadid both hit the runway in Ralph Lauren's vintage-inspired designs, much to the delight of the audience. The Telegraph also noted Lauren's inspiration for Ralph's Club as being New York's famous Stork Club. Before it closed its doors in 1965, the jazz venue attracted everyone from Frank Sinatra to Cary Grant to Elizabeth Taylor. Ralph's Club drew famous faces too, including Henry Golding and Cate Blanchett, but it was Monáe's night as a jazz icon that won't be forgotten.  
 The best finds from the fashion collaboration. After months of waiting, the Moschino x H&M collection is finally available to shop. The retailer's latest designer collaboration brings Jeremy Scott's signature more-is-more aesthetic of Italian glamour to an affordable price point with a range of clothing, jewelry, accessories, and shoes. Like all of H&M's designer collections, this one is sure to sell out fast, so shop all the must-have pieces below before it's too late.  Bringing on some real '80s and '90s Moschino vibes, this cropped puffer is the outerwear piece to score from the collection. The chain belt is staging a comeback and there's no better way to get the look than in Moschino's gold '80s-inspired rendition.  Channel the Italian brand's signature look in this printed one-piece that can be worn as a swimsuit or styled with a pair of jeans as a bodysuit.  These under-$50 gold logo hoops give you a taste of the collection (and some major ear candy) without feeling over-the-top.  A denim jacket-inspired skirt that will make any look stand out. Style it with a black turtleneck and tights as the temperatures get cooler. Try out one of the designer's playful statement bags in this mini leather jacket iteration.  Channel your inner Ariana Grande in the collab's oversized sweatshirt dress. Get the brand's signature gold chain look effortlessly with this printed bomber jacket.  Equal parts cool and practical, these leather pants will carry you through winter. 
 Tracking the hottest celebrity swim of the season.  If you're like us, you're likely counting down the days until summer—and getting prepared for all that sun and surf time. For a little beach inspiration, we're rounding up the hottest celebrities in the best swim looks to covet. Karreuche Tran enjoyed the heat of Miami Beach in a flirty pink two-piece.  Jasmine Tookes got catty in Hawaii in a Sommar Swim leopard bikini and Luv Aj's Positano Hoops. SHOP Lais Ribeiro showed off her statuesque figure in fellow angel Candice Swanepoel's new swimwear line Tropic of C.  SHOP Lupita Nyong'o embraces color with ease in this Shoshana swimsuit.  SHOP Alicia Vikander shows off her Tomb-Raider ready bod in a flirty ruffled bikini.  Hailey Baldwin is all about color coordination, pairing her pink Solid & Striped suit with a pink striped button down and Jennifer Fisher hoops.  SHOP Bella Hadid takes a pause in Mykonos in a Fae two-piece.  SHOP Emily Ratajkowski showed off this very unique blue two-piece on Instagram. She paired the suit with a white hat and white sunglasses. SHOP Hailey Baldwin adds some Miami flair to her Solid & Striped beach look by adding gold Jennifer Fisher hoops and GRLFRND denim shorts. SHOP Natasha Poly cruises around the South of France in a Solid & Striped one piece.  SHOP Priyanka Chopra relaxes seaside post-Baywatch tour. Demi Lovato posted this bikini selfie with the caption, "No filter no edit, love your body the way it is."  Rosie Huntington-Whitley made her first pregnancy announcement on the beach in a tiny string bikni.  Elsa Hosk, Emily Ratajkowski, Bella Hadid, Lais Ribeiro, Gizele Oliveira and Rose Bertram all rock solid & Striped swimsuits on a winter getaway to the Bahamas.  SHOP Emily Ratajkowski proves a one-piece can be just as sexy as a bikini with her black high-cut swimsuit and gold body chain. (The flash of sideboob doesn't hurt either.) Kylie Jenner channels major Baywatch vibes in this sexy red one-piece. Kate Hudson hits the beach in Greece in a colorblocked Olaya Beach bikini and a good read.  Bella Hadid l is on island time this weekend, lounging in the sand and soaking up some rays in a sexy black bikini.  Emma Roberts coordinating her pink bikini with pink reflective shades while hanging in South Beach.  Kate Hudson goes for rich earth tones all the way down to her Ipanema flip flops while vacationing in Ibiza Rosie Huntington-Whiteley relaxes over the 4th of July weekend in a chic black Marysia bandeau bikini.  SHOP Hailey Baldwin gives us Baywatch vibes in a red one-piece while hanging out in Miami.  Bella Hadid goes classic noir in Cannes.  Ellie Goulding has got the striped stuff in Miami.  Kim Kardashian showcases her swimsuit-ready figure on Instagram, wearing a one-piece from Kanye's Life of Pablo merch collection.  Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk shows off her toned figure in a white scalloped Marysia swimsuit on the coast of Brazil.  SHOP Kendall Jenner takes a break from her busy supermodel life on a yacht in the Caribbean, wearing a contrast bikini and Elizabeth and James sunglasses.  Zoe Kravtiz keeps it simple in a black string bikini in the Bahamas while celebrating the holidays with her boyfriend.  Devin Brugman proves she's her own best model in her a pretty pink bikini by her label Monday swimwear. SHOP Andrea Pejic flaunts her fit frame in a printed triangle bikini in Miami. 
 Inspiration for this season's office attire.  As the temperatures begin to rise, it's time to usher in a spring awakening with your wardrobe. And what better place to start than with your work attire? Liven up the office with a breath of fresh air in the form of bright, spring-ready outfits that will leave you feeling inspired. From oversized blazers to mismatched suits and colorful prints, here's what to wear to work this season. Your new spring work uniform? A boxy blazer styled over a skirt or dress. Top it off with a pair of stark white boots.  The perfect neutral blazer to top off your spring wardrobe.  A floral print wrap dress you'll wear all spring long. The perfect boot to transition into spring.  Add some color into you work wardrobe in the form of high-waisted trousers and jackets that can be styled an endless amount of ways.  Go bright or go home with these office-friendly trousers.  Mix and match blazers and trousers for a suit that has some dimension and feels a little more playful.  Feminine meets masculine in this blush pink blazer.   A statement-making print you can style a number of ways. Still too chilly to wear your favorite spring and summer dresses? Layer them over a turtleneck or long-sleeve bodysuit for a chic workaround.  The ideal dress for layering over a black turtleneck or long-sleeve top.  The ideal bodysuit to layer under all your dresses.  On the days when the spring temperatures just aren't high enough yet, be strategic about your layering. Two key pieces: a thin turtleneck and long jacket that can warm up any look. A pop of bright green in the form of a jacket you can layer and wear both out and indoors.  If you're on a budget, buy a colorful scarf or accessory that can breathe new life into your wardrobe without breaking the bank. Hair accessories are having a moment right now and this silky scarf pony is the perfect way to effortlessly get the look.  If you don't already have a classic white button-down shirt, what are you waiting for? The wardrobe essential can be worn a million different ways, especially in the spring. Think tucked into skirts, jeans, or layered under your favorite dresses.  Bonus? This shirt is stain-proof.  '80s-inspired shoulders are still going strong. In blazer form, the look works perfectly over your favorite print dresses or a top and pants.  A checked blazer with just the right amount of shoulder pads.  When it comes to spring outerwear, a classic trench will never go out of style. The piece works with virtually every outfit and makes for a great one to wear into the office.  A classic, Meghan Markle-approved trench that won't break the bank. 
 The supermodel designed her own swimsuits for all sizes—and Bazaar got a behind-the-scenes look.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Supermodel Ashley Graham didn't take a day off for her 30th birthday. Instead she and seven of her closest friends headed to Costa Rica, where they rented a private villa, to shoot a campaign for Graham's swim line. Graham has been a crusader in the body positivity moment, her first Swimsuits for All campaign, highlighted that plus size women don't always want to hide their bodies—they can rock a string bikini with confidence. Graham's new 'Essentials' collection features a variety of bikinis and one-pieces that any woman, any size could feel good in.  Below, we asked Graham about why this collection was important to her, and life lessons for turning 30. Plus, take a behind-the-scenes look at her birthday weekend above. I wanted to offer a range of swimsuit styles that make all women feel confident and sexy. Some traditional brands assume girls with bigger hips, breasts and thighs want to cover up, but I know that's not the case. After my Swimsuits For All #CurvesinBikinis campaign had such a positive response from people everywhere, we knew we had to collaborate on a line to inspire women beyond body positive advertisements.  A string bikini. My mantra, less is more.  Rock your confidence on the outside, just as much as you're rocking that swimsuit! You have to let go of all the silly thoughts like "my cellulite is showing" and realize that everyone has insecurities. The first step to getting over them is taking off that cover up and owning it. It's funny because sometimes I think, 'wait, I'm not already 30?' because I've been working since I was 15. 30 is a whole new decade that I can conquer, and if it's anything like my 20s, it's going to be epic! I love the woman I've become and look forward to inspiring women of all ages for many years to come. Don't take no for an answer. Keep up the hard work, you're making history, girl!  The Swimsuits For All "Essentials" collection is available for pre-order starting today on swimsuitsforall.com. 
 The company has also settled lawsuits with five women accusing Marciano of inappropriate behavior. Guess Inc. has announced that co-founder Paul Marciano is stepping down as executive chairman of the company's board on Monday, months after model Kate Upton accused Paul of sexual harassment and calling her a "fat pig." It’s disappointing that such an iconic women’s brand @GUESS is still empowering Paul Marciano as their creative director #metoo Marciano denied Upton's claims and stated, "I have pledged my full cooperation to the company, and I have the utmost confidence in our CEO, Victor Herrero, to continue leading the company during this time."  He was placed on an unpaid leave while Guess and an outside law firm launched an investigation, "which looked into several reports of inappropriate comments and texts along with unwanted kissing and groping." Over the last four months, the investigative team interviewed more than 40 people, reviewed nearly 1.5 million pages of documents, and concluded that, "many of the allegations could not be corroborated." Their findings were released in full in Guess' filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday. However, the filing also states, "The investigation found that on certain occasions [Paul] Marciano exercised poor judgment in his communications with models and photographers and in placing himself in situations in which plausible allegations of improper conduct could, and did, arise." The company said it settled had lawsuits with five of Marciano’s accusers for a total of $500,000 — but, according to the filing, the settlements don't admit fault. Marciano's brother and Guess co-founder, Maurice, will take over the chairman position now that he has stepped down. Marciano will remain on the Guess Inc. board and will continue to serve as the chief creative officer until January 2019, when his contract expires. And, as the Associated Press pointed out, he also owns a 17 percent stake in Guess Inc. 
From: Cosmopolitan US

 The best part? You can buy them right now with Apple Pay. Jonathan Simkhai made his handbag debut today at his Spring 2020 show. Presenting four styles; a slouchy hobo, an oversized clutch, a braided messenger bag, and a waist belt, Simkhai hit on all the basics a fashion girl needs right now. The collection complements his penchant for the sporty and the sexy, with minimal styles that feel timeless as well as young and modern. The bags are named "woman" in four different languages to celebrate women across the globe.  "I kept the design aesthetic minimal and made the focus to be about craftsmanship and quality, so they are bags that can be treasured and timeless. My other motto has always been about attainable luxury, which is why we decided to offer the bags directly to our customers," Simkhai told BAZAAR.com. And the best part? He's tapping into the instant gratification of Apple Pay as the exclusive trunk show payment method for the next three weeks.  "If I have something in my shopping cart and go to check out, and they don't take Apple Pay, I usually just give up and leave it in there," said Simkhai. "It's that convenient and safe." The napa and pebbled leather bags are handmade in Italy, but the prices—$395-$595— won't break the bank. You can shop the entire collection now at jonathansimkhai.com.
 Take a cue from Hollywood for this year's Halloween costume. These TV and film characters provide plenty of Halloween inspiration. Whether you're looking for an excuse to add a few chic pieces to your closet, or you want a fresh take on what's already there, we're breaking down the one piece you need per costume and how it can go the extra mile style wise post Halloween. Boxy shirt + Board shorts +  Futuristic Glitter Eyeshadow = Rue Euphoria is giving us a major style high. Channel Rue with this purple glitter eye shadow. Satin Slip Dress + Statement Earrings + Blonde Bob = Elvira Hancock Scarface makes for a great couples costume. You can both repurpose your looks at your next wedding. Turtleneck + Mini skirt + White boots = Sharon Tate With a mini skirt and false lashes these boots read go-go, but pair with a white jean and sweater for a cozy winter white look.  Red Cloak+ Paper Half-Moon Taped to a Baseball Cap = Offred Your go-to costume if you are short on time and money (and want to make a political statement). Animal Print Coat + Black and White Dress + Red Lipstick + Cigarette Holder = Cruella de Vil  This coat is bringing the Cruella drama, but will also add some sizzle to your basic black looks in the dead of winter. Bodysuit + Tulle Ballet Skirt + Sexy Heel = Carrie Bradshaw This iconic look from the opening credits of SATC  will score points with your fashion friends.  Matching Plaid Set + Knee Socks + Loafers + '90s cell phone = Cher & Dionne This co-ord captures the essence of Cher Horowitz, but can be worn separately a variety of ways so you can get major style mileage out of your costume.  Red Dress + Gold Choker + Spear = The Dora Milaje This choker is enough to wear on its own, but would also look great layered with other gold necklaces for a glam Halloween moment. Leather Leggings + Off-the-Shoulder Top + Red Heels = Sandy Olsen We got chills, they're multiplying...thanks to these sexy faux leather leggings. Works well with your Sandy costume and all of your winter staples.  Striped Tee + Sailor Hat + Name Tag = The Scoops Troop We predict this couples costume will be the one to beat this Halloween. It's super easy to pull off and the striped tee is a classic everyone needs in their closet. Double Breasted Blazer + Pleated skirt+ Croquet Mallet = Heathers The OG Mean Girls paired their boxy blazers with pleated skirts. Style yours with a high-waisted mom jean post Halloween for a casual weekend look. LBD + Statement Necklace + Black Sunnies + Chignon = Holly Golightly A classic black oversized sunny serves up Holly Golightly glamour for that special night. These Warby Parker's can be worn year round; giving you the most bang for your buck. Black Dress + Dramatic Cape + Horns = Maleficent Capes are one of fall's hottest new trends and you'll be able to re-wear this cozy hooded style all season long.  Vintage Fur + Hair Barrette + Eyeliner + Removed Disposition = Margot Tenenbaum Decorative hair clips are having a moment so  you will definitely get lots of mileage out of this Margot-esque barrette.  Red Boiler Suit + Racing Glove + Scissors = The Tethered Score major scare points with this costume. Fortunately, boiler suits are having a moment and this one can be dressed up with a sleek heel.
 The space will be used exclusively to present Raf Simons' Calvin Klein seasonal runway collections. In a strategic move to extend the fashion brand's global reach, Calvin Klein Inc. has just opened a brand new headquarters in the fashion-lovers heartland: affectionately, Paris, France.  The new location complements the label's pre-established presence in Milan, building into another European fashion capital. Not only as an extension in appearance, the new HQ presents as a multi-level, captivating, colorful, sculptural, fashion-focused work of art.  Designed by artist Sterling Ruby (Calvin Klein's Chief Creative Officer, Raf Simons' long-time collaborator), with architectural contributions from the Architectural Research Office, the creative space will be used exclusively to present Simons' Calvin Klein women’s and men’s seasonal runway collections in Paris. Previously hired by Simons to head the redesign of the Calvin Klein retail press showroom at the company’s 205 W 39th Street global headquarters on Madison Ave in NYC, Ruby was poised to transform the historical Parisian space into an outstanding artisanal entity.  The two-story Paris redesign features original 1880’s architecture, providing a backdrop for Ruby’s hand-painted, splattered canvas designs, which cover the floor-to-ceiling walls and columns of the mezzanine level. Rich royal blue carpet and upholstered walls are punctuated by modern geometric display tables, and custom-created fixtures sprinkle brightly colored pompoms, mobiles, flags, and fringe throughout both the work display areas. Of course, the Calvin Klein collection clothing and accessories are displayed throughout the space, with high-hanging sculptural metal racks housing the clothes, and bright round ceiling-lit pedestals showcase the shoes.    Suffice it to say, if we weren't excited enough to see what the next iteration of Calvin Klein-labeled fashion Raf Simon's whips up next, after seeing his new Parisian dream space—we're amped for it.
 A gift guide for literally anyone in your life. Ah, the holidays: Is there any time of year more festive, more fun…or more prone to frayed nerves? This year, take the stress out of the seasonal equation by choosing gifts that are guaranteed to get raves, even from the pickiest and trickiest recipients on your list. “I try to listen to my family and friends throughout the year to pick up subtle hints on what they might like or need,” says Kevin Harter of Bloomingdale's, who, along with four other tastemakers, shared their solutions. Read on to see the suggestions—and if all else fails, remember Harter’s advice: “Get creative with the packaging and include a handwritten, heartfelt note. That's always a hit.”  “I always try to pick gifts that have meaning,” says Odell, a contributing editor at Eater.com, who likes presents that reflect her relationship with the recipient. “Look for gifts that tie into an inside joke. It shows you put consideration into picking it.” For the wine-loving boyfriend: Coravin Wine System “My boyfriend is a chef and often has a drink when he gets home from work—but he’s not always keen on knocking back a full bottle of wine. This device lets you drink just one glass without opening a full bottle.” SHOP NOW For the dog-owning mom: UGG Snow Boots “My mom has two dogs, Olive and Tiger, and she frequently takes them on long walks and hikes. Winter in New York can be cold, so these Uggs are a perfect way for her to walk them in comfort and style.”  SHOP NOW For the style-savvy brother: Mackage Edward Navy Coat "I’ve been picking out clothing for my younger brother Peter since he was born. This coat is a great way to stay warm on chilly New York nights." SHOP NOW For the discerning father: Aervana Wine Aerator  "My dad collects wine, and growing up there was a bottle on our dinner table every night. Sometimes, depending on the varietal and its age, wine needs to breathe. I know my dad will put this aerator to good use." SHOP NOW “I love buying gifts for people and really try to make an effort to purchase gifts that are unique and have a story,” says Harter. To that end, he aims for striking a balance between the memorable and the personal. “Try your best to surprise and delight,” he advises. For the kid’s teachers: Viktor & Rolf Flowerbomb Candles “I am so grateful to my kid’s teachers. I always give a gift card so they can splurge on themselves, but I love the idea of adding a beautifully scented candle so they can unwind at the end of a busy day.”  SHOP NOW For the always helpful assistant: Beats by Dr. Dre “The best gifts allow you to unplug from the world for a moment. These headphones not only allow you to listen to great music, but let you escape from it all.” SHOP NOW For the adorable twin sons: Sovereign Code Jackets “Bloomingdale’s is teaming up with the film 'Greatest Showman' this season and I’m confident my boys will rock these circus-themed bombers.”  SHOP NOW For the loving mother: Gucci Bangle  “For the woman who has everything, a little reminder of her Mama’s Boy” SHOP NOW Przystup, a creative mind and florist at James's Daughter Flowers, knows the best kinds of gifts are the unexpected ones, “the kinds you won’t find on a checklist.” To that end, she suggests spending some quality time reflecting on time spent with the recipient. “Think about what that person has going on in their lives, try to revisit old conversations—dig a little deeper. It’s not about the amount of money spent, but about thoughtfulness.” For the musician husband: Luckies Travel Scratch Map “His work means he’s always on the road. This will help him keep track of all his stops.” SHOP NOW For the doting mother: Era Sila Wood Carved Picture Frame “She recently became a grandmother—this frame is perfect for the photo of her grandson that she’s obsessed with.” SHOP NOW For the festive godson: Meri Meri Crown & Confetti Popper “He’s a prince who loves to party—he’ll get a kick out of this.” SHOP THE POPPER NOW SHOP THE CROWN NOW  “The most thoughtful gifts are ones that speak to the passions of the person receiving,” says Danielson, a freelance writer and former Accessories Editor at Vogue.com. “Think about what they may need in their lives to make it that much better. Is it a hand written letter? A piece of art? The real value in a gift is the love and thought behind it.” For the new-mom sister: S’well Bottles “She’s always on-the-go and her days are nonstop. With these, she can stay hydrated between daycare drop-offs, chasing her little ones, and working full-time.” SHOP NOW For the wellness-loving sister-in-law: Homedics Diffusers & Ellia Essential Oils “She’s very into holistic health and healing. This diffuser and essential oils kit is the perfect gift for her. She can choose a scent to enjoy while gardening, reading, and relaxing.” SHOP THE OILS NOW SHOP THE DIFFUSER NOW For the coffee-aficionado mother: Arlotta Cashmere Blend Robe “My mother can barely speak a word to anyone before she has her morning cup of coffee, which she consumes in her PJs while watching the news. This robe will help her stay extra cozy as she sips her morning joe and catches the morning headlines.” SHOP NOW Beckner, founder of the women’s empowerment and wellness site Inside/Out, believes a good gift should reflect the recipient’s lifestyle. “I try to observe what my loved ones like and what they lack, and listen to what kind of hints they’ve been conveying,” she says. For the always-active girlfriend: APL Running Shoes “My girlfriend recently discovered a love for running—I’m giving her APL running shoes so we can train together.” SHOP NOW For the globe-trotting best friend: Bloomingdale’s Private Label Cashmere Scarf “She travels non-stop and is always freezing. She is also extremely discerning—but who can argue with cashmere?” SHOP NOW For the recently-retired father: Manduka Mat and Block “After he turned 70, my dad started practicing yoga—having the right gear is always motivating.” SHOP THE MAT NOW SHOP THE BLOCK NOW For her fitness-obsessed business partner: Alo Yoga outfit “She has become wild for workout gear. We both love Alo Yoga—it fits her admirable ability to take an athletic look from the studio to street.” SHOP THE TOP NOW SHOP THE PANTS NOW
 See how three celebs handle the final moments before they walked the "Heavenly Bodies" Red Carpet This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. The moments before a major red carpet can be  tense—like a bride on her wedding day, but with more cameras and more competition. Alexa Chung, Diane Kruger, and Natalia Vodianova approach that time with utter grace and elegance. The three invited BAZAAR.com into their respective inner sanctums last night before hitting the streets of Manhattan, headed for the Met Gala: Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination. Alexa Chung wore a dress of her own design, paired with glimmering Buccellati jewels, in a look inspired by Anne Boleyn. Natalia Vadianova donned a custom Olivier Rousteing for Balmain gown. Beginning today until May 21st, Vadianova's look will be auctioned at Ifonly.com/RED to raise funds and awareness in the fight against AIDS. Diane Kruger donned a striking blue gown from Atelier Prabal Gurung, complete with a headpiece, Tasaki jewelry and awe-inspiring train. See the ladies before their major red carpet moment. 
 "I think she’s working non-stop to make it work." Ivanka Trump may be the shoe designer in the First Family, but it was First Lady Melania Trump's choice of shoes while visiting Hurricane Harvey-hit Texas in August that made headlines. The current FLOTUS stepped out in Manolo Blahnik stiletto heels before later changing into sneakers. The internet raised the question if stiletto heels both practically and politically made sense for the occasion. But according to the shoes' designer, who happens to be a friend of the First Lady, who knows what her schedule was like? In an interview with Harper's Bazaar UK, Blahnik shared: The people who have a gold room in their penthouse apartment are absolutely capable of a certain kind of class insensitivity, but it totally makes sense that the White House team didn't consider the optics or non-heel options of the FLOTUS's shoes. That said, Blahnik's understanding begins and ends with Melania: 
From: Cosmopolitan US

 We rounded up our favorite looks from New York, London, Milan, and Paris Spring 2020. Whether it's in New York, Milan, or Paris, Fashion Week is a time for sartorial innovation and risks. Here, the fashion editors at Harper's BAZAAR choose their favorite runway looks from the Spring 2020 season and discuss what stood out most to them—from the chic fruits of a carbon neutral show, to diversity and inclusion done well, to McQueen so nice they liked it twice.  Hedi Slimane mines the '60s and '70s with chic pieces for all would-be bourgeois babes. A perfectly proportioned quilted jacket paired with the floral jacquard shoulder bag, layered lariat necklaces, and brass buckle belt make you Rive Gauche-ready. -Nicole Fritton, Executive Fashion Director This show took my breath away–not just because of the exquisite beauty of the clothes but also for what the show stood for–community, responsibility to the planet, connection to each other. But yes, the clothes! The play here on the romantic opulent volume of the dress with the razor sharp tailoring of the jacket is my favorite fashion juxtaposition. Cannot wait to get my hands on it to shoot! -Joanna Hillman, Style Director Diversity and inclusion are buzzwords of the moment cited by many a designer, but one collection that really stuck with me throughout the season was Jonathan Cohen in New York. The designer was born in Mexico City and raised in San Diego and in this collection he beautifully explored his dual heritage. Combining the 50 stars of the American flag with the vibrant rainbow stripes of a Mexican serape blanket, this gown (worn here by Mexican model Isis Jimenez) is a lovely reminder that we are stronger together. -Alison Cohn, Deputy Fashion News Editor There is something so wonderfully timely about returning to craft at this critical juncture in fashion. Jonathan Anderson’s use of old world crochet here, to create this incredibly modern silhouette, hits just the right note. This isn’t just a seasonal “look,” it’s something to collect and treasure. - Kerry Pieri, Digital Fashion/Features Director  I love the quiet elegance and restraint of this Prada look. It’s so simple—yet rendered in the thinnest cashmere and linen, it feels supremely confident and feminine. I love how it’s worn with the heavier heritage inspired loafers. -Amanda Weiner Alagem, Accessories Director Leave it to Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez to make the Working Girl look feel fresh (and even cooler) for spring. Just when you thought we’d hit peak ’80s-inspired blazers, this buttery leather suit completely reinvented the look—and convinced me that spring leather is, in fact, a thing. Add the sunglasses and double hoop earrings and boom: the Proenza woman remains the coolest in New York. - Lauren Fisher, Market Editor This Dynasty-inspired fur embodies the more glamorous side of Demna's hauntingly visceral spring collection, which was one of the most moving shows of the week! -Joyann King, Executive Editorial Director, Bazaar.com This collection really felt like Riccardo Tisci found his footing at Burberry, blending the classic codes of the iconic British brand along with Tisci’s signature gothic romance. This unicorn-inspired dress was a standout in the show. I love the sleek silhouette, with the sparkling mesh overlay. The fact that the dress literally had a white feathered tail lent the perfect touch of fashion fantasy. -Chrissy Rutherford, Special Projects Director A visually simple dress is transformed by the complex and rich story it brings with it. Linen woven in a centuries old Irish textile company is decorated with images drawn by school children, which then were embroidered by every single one of the company's employees, including (I'm assuming) model Stella Tenant’s daughter, who also works there. It resonates with me because– in a season where the strongest shows presented emotional connections, not just beautiful clothes–this artisanal and familial  approach truly makes an utterly modern statement. -Miguel Enamorado, Fashion Director As a brand, Gabriela Hearst continues to lead in the realm of sustainability and this season even had an industry first—a carbon neutral show. Truly a commendable feat. What distinguishes her line is not merely her inimitable practices, but her deliberate use of ethically sourced, elevated materials mixed with her attention to craft via handworked details throughout the collection. Cue the perfect Spring suit cinched at the waist with a striking geode-buckle belt, for a chic take on this classic silhouette, that will sustain your wardrobe for seasons to come. -Jaclyn Alexandra Cohen, Fashion & Accessories Editor
 At her weekend home in the Hamptons, the designer embraces her sporty side. 7:00 A.M. I’m more of an early riser than my sons, so mornings at my Southampton house are peaceful. My beauty routine is low-key—I might do a swipe of Nars mascara and Charlotte Tilbury pinky-nude lipstick—but I love being outdoors, and I always put on sunscreen. I’ll throw on Tory Sport track pants and an oversize sweater, and go work in my garden. I’m not winning any prizes for what I grow, but I find it therapeutic.  8:00 A.M. I play a lot of tennis, so I had a sunken court put in, which makes it easy to get in an early game with friends. We’ll play a couple of sets, and then I’ll relax with green tea and a good book. I’m currently reading James A. Michener’s historical novel Hawaii.  10:00 A.M. My twins, Henry and Nick, and my youngest, Sawyer, come find me in the garden. They’re not big on breakfast foods, but I’ve discovered that one healthy thing they’ll eat is salad. I’ll toss lettuce with olive oil, lemon juice, and feta.  11:00 A.M. Often we’ll go for an ocean swim next. Henry and Nick love to surf, and Sawyer prefers fishing, crabbing, and clamming.  "I think it’s really important to eat dinner with your children; you can learn a lot from them." 1:00 P.M. I have a big family, so the lunch table is usually set by the pool with Dodie Thayer for Tory Burch Lettuce Ware. Whoever shows up, shows up. There are my boys, and sometimes my three stepdaughters, my fiancé, Pierre-Yves Roussel, and his three sons as well. We’ll barbecue fresh fish and veggies, and bake margherita pies in the outdoor pizza oven. Right now I’m focused on Embrace Ambition, a forum that confronts gender stereotypes that hold women back. I’m hosting one later this month, so my foundation president might drop by. It’s nice to get a few things done, and also to get the kids talking about these issues.  3:00 P.M. Some afternoons we’ll just sit by the pool. I remember when I was growing up, my mom, Reva, would always yell, “Happy feet!” when I needed to get moving. I also enjoy antiquing for unusual bits of pottery and porcelain at little shops around the East End.  7:00 P.M. Dinner is also pretty casual. We’ll start with hors d’oeuvres on the back porch, and people just come when they come. I think it’s really important to eat dinner with your children; you can learn a lot from them. Mine have great insights about Tory Sport, as their friends are wearing it, both young men and women.  9:00 P.M. We’ll usually unwind by watching a movie together, then we all go to bed at different times. For the boys, that’s like 3 a.m. Me, I’ll light our Westerly scented candle—it’s a jasmine, gar- denia, and pink pepper blend—and run a bath with rose oil from Buly 1803. I’m asleep by midnight. “I was over the moon when my favorite potter agreed to reissue her 1960s Palm Beach classics with us.” Dodie Thayer for Tory Burch pitcher, $148, toryburch.com. “All net proceeds from our Embrace Ambition bracelets support women entrepreneurs through the Tory Burch Foundation.” Tory Burch bracelets, $30 each, toryburch.com. “Our Coolmax cashmere blend is a super-lightweight performance fabric that keeps me dry—and warm.”  Tory Sport sweater, $278, torysport.com. “This versatile bag has a removable compartment for my racquets.”  Tory Sport multi-racquet tote, $398,  torysport.com. “My mom has always been vigilant about SPF, and her skin is still beautiful today.”  Shiseido Ultimate Sun Protection Lotion WetForce SPF 50+, $40, shopBAZAAR.com.
 The best pieces to shop now.  We’ve all become accustomed to spring’s ubiquitous florals, but Summer 2018 has a bit more groundbreaking of a print trend to try: cherries. Fashion’s new favorite fruit, cherry print pieces are quickly taking over this season. From ultra-sweet dresses to work-appropriate blouses and playful accessories, there’s a cherry piece for everyone to shop this summer. Shop our favorites of the season below.  A sweet, retro-inspired sundress makes for the most effortless way to try out the trend this summer.  HVN dress, $367, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Double up on print trends with this work-friendly blouse that's half polka dots and half cherries.  Channel your days of childhood dress-up with a playful beaded bag that makes for the perfect summer accessory.  Take the look to the beach with a print bikini.  Add a pair of flat lace-up sandals to this '90s-inspired tank dress for the perfect summer weekend look.  Currently on sale, these floral and cherry wedges will instantly take any outfit to the next level.  There's a reason this dress has already become a favorite amongst the Instagram set, it's perfect for a summer soiree or a night out with its feminine ruffles and unexpected collar.  XbyNBD dress, $228, revolve.com. SHOP NOW Take the basket bag trend up a notch with this straw circle bag that's guaranteed to up your Instagram game.  Wear this cut-out mini dress day or night with a basket bag and strappy sandals.  For a more subtle take on the trend, pair these cherry-embroidered denim cutoffs with a simple white t-shirt.   Top off any look—from sundresses to jeans to swimwear—with these sweet but statement-making flats.  Whether worn with a basic white tee and denim or an ultra-feminine cocktail dress, it's impossible not to turn heads with these playful knit drop earrings.  Wear this 1930s-inspired silhouette everywhere from the office to your weekend brunch.  Go ultra '90s with this colorful printed bucket hat.   Tie up a printed button-down blouse for a take on the trend that still feels classic.  Rails shirt, $158, railsclothing.com. SHOP NOW
 We need to visit ASAP. An Yves Saint Laurent museum has opened in Paris, featuring the brand's most iconic looks and the eponymous couturier's official design studio. The launch takes place nearly three weeks after the death of YSL co-founder Pierre Bergé, who passed away on September 8 at the age of 86. He was dedicated to finding a permanent home for Saint Laurent's archives. The first room focuses on the designer's masculine-meets-femine designs, including the Le Smoking tuxedo, a trenchcoat and Saharienne jacket, according to WWD. The rest of the space will highlight "the development of a collection," featuring a few looks from Saint Laurent's first two seasons under his eponymous label in 1962, which will be updated every year. Another section showcases intricately-crafted jackets, while a different room celebrates YSL's exotic influences. In the reception area, photos and paintings of Saint Laurent hang on the walls, including Andy Warhol's famous pop-art portraits of the late designer. The exhibit is currently only being shown in previews, but officially opens to the public next week on October 3. The inaugural exhibit will be on display until September 9, 2018. A single full-priced ticket costs €10 (about $11.80). Plan your visit here. YSL fans that can't make it to France shouldn't fret; another Saint Laurent museum is set to open in Marrakech on October 19. Click through for a sneak-peek inside the exhibit.
 Get ready to shop.  You don't need a complete closet overhaul this spring, just a few smart buys that'll change your outfit game. Enter ShopBAZAAR—from the bag that dominated street style to basics with a twist (think leopard and embroidery), find the versatile must-have that'll take your style to the next level.   This whimsical tee will have you feeling effortless and très chic. Maison Labiche t-shirt, $75, shopbazaar.com SHOP A wardrobe staple that will take you from day-to-night and beyond. Ulla Johnson trousers, $370, shopbazaar.com SHOP You can go back to sweatpants on Sunday.  Fleur Du Mal lingerie set, $298, shopbazaar.com SHOP Be bold and dress in head-to-toe spots. Frame Denim pants, $415, shopbazaar.com  SHOP The perfect finishing touch to any look. Mounser Jewelry earrings, $225, shopbazaar.com SHOP The most sought-after street style piece of the season is just a click away.  Staud bag, $375, shopbazaar.com SHOP Embrace the rainbow with uplifting, eye-catching stripes.  Vivetta skirt, $370, shopbazaar.com SHOP When the cat's away, the mice will play. Loewe charm, $390, shopbazaar.com SHOP Keep your beach waves in place during Spring Break with this cute headband.  Gigi Burris headband, $250, shopbazaar.com SHOP No spring uniform is complete without gingham. Petersyn top, $265, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Kim Kardashian West and almost the entirety of every Yeezy Collection has Lady Di to thank. You can hardly get through a summer Saturday morning Insta-story session without seeing at least three photos of Princess Diana circa 1995 in a logo sweatshirt, dad sneakers, and bike shorts—serving the ultimate fitspo with her tanned, toned legs. It seems that her casual daywear look is a consistent mood right now, more so than her more famed elegant attire.  You know what else features a sweatshirt, dad sneakers, and bike shorts? Every Yeezy Collection by Kanye West, including his most recent. The campaign images for Yeezy Season 7 (107? who can keep count), photographed by Eli Linnetz, and released in mid-June,  look like a sepia-toned version of the oft-photographed Lady Di's go-to workout look in the mid-nineties.  Those Yeezy Boost 350 V2 are even paired with tube socks that are very similar to what the royal wore. Princess Diana served as fashion inspiration throughout her life and for as long as she has been deceased. And while it's a delight, but not a shock, when designers like Virgil Abloh create an entire season inspired by her bold-shouldered dresses, pencil skirts, and off-the-shoulder gowns, her laid-back post-workout daywear serving as a constant reference is less expected. Kim Kardashian and her kin have taken the bike short trend everywhere from the club to school drop-off, trading Princess Diana's purple for gray and dropping the Virgin Atlantic logos in favor of a more straight-forward look in muted tones. Perhaps it's time to put the USA sweatshirt back in rotation and stop off at Target for bike shorts with a little personality.  Adidas by Stella McCartney Hot Yoga shorts, $57, matchesfashion.com SHOP NOW Yeezy Calabasas bikeshorts, $240, yeezysupply.com SHOP NOW Versace logo-print performance cycling shorts, $185, matchesfashion.com SHOP NOW LNDR stretch-jersey and shell shorts, $54, net-a-porter.com SHOP NOW  Adidas by Stella McCartney essentials performance shorts, $60, matchesfashion.com SHOP NOW The Upside panelled matte spin short, $112, matchesfashion.com SHOP NOW
 Hollywood's brightest new star plays fashion model in Max Mara’s new luxe fall coats. One of Hollywood's brightest new stars strolls into the cookie shop across from her Brooklyn apartment with a warm smile, arms outstretched. She’s casually dressed for the humid summer afternoon in crisp head-to-toe white, which accentuates her striking blue eyes against long rust-colored locks, dyed for her role in the cyber-thriller series Mr. Robot.  Over tea, the actress, Grace Gummer, is friendly and totally at ease—a far cry, she says, from earlier in the week, when she stepped into the role of fashion model for a  shoot to celebrate Women in Film, a nonprofit organization that promotes equal opportunities for women in the entertainment industry. “I really understand why supermodels are paid a gazillion dollars,” says Gummer, 31. “It’s 95 degrees, and I’m wearing wool pants and cashmere sweaters, cars coming in every direction, and the photographer is like, ‘Smile, okay, back, front, turn around, and hop in the air.’ ” Modeling may be out of the ordinary for her, but playing a character comes far more easily. The actress portrays the brash FBI field agent Dominique “Dom” DiPierro in Mr. Robot, which starts its third season on the USA Network this month. To prep for the part, Gummer shadowed real FBI agents, and says the show’s plot has left her with a healthy dose of paranoia (Dom is out to stop a hacker hell-bent on bringing down corporate America). “I use encryption apps for texts and calls,” she says. As for the hair, “I like it red. People notice me more, and I don’t think that’s necessarily for my work.” The Italian luxury fashion brand Max Mara—a longtime partner of the annual Women in Film Max Mara Face of the Future Award, which honors the young generation of stars on the rise, embodied by Gummer—would no doubt disagree. “Grace is an actress who combines a strong talent with a playfulness, originality, and intelligence that’s also expressed through her style,” says Maria Giulia Maramotti, Max Mara’s director of retail. Gummer, who studied art history and Italian at Vassar, considered becoming a costume designer until a theater- director friend sent her a script and she decided she’d rather say the lines than create the clothes. She caught her first big break in 2011, in the Broadway revival of which led to roles in high-profile TV shows like The Newsroom, American Horror Story: Freak Show, and Good Girls Revolt, and  in which she portrayed a young Nora Ephron. (Incidentally, Gummer’s mother, Meryl Streep, a close friend of the late writer-director, also played a version of Ephron, in the lightly fictionalized 1986 film Heartburn.) "Grace is an actress who combines a strong talent with a playfulness, originality, and intelligence that’s also expressed through her style,” says Maria Giulia Maramotti of Max Mara. The actress has two projects coming up on the big screen. “I just filmed Beast of Burden with Daniel Radcliffe,” she says. “It’s a very cool, Bonnie and Clyde–style crime thriller.” She’s also dipping her toes into comedy with The Long Dumb Road. “It was just after the election, and I wanted to laugh and make other people laugh. I’ll do whatever I can get my hands on that means and says something important to the world.” Asked who is on her director wish list, she is quick to name Paul Thomas Anderson (“like a dream”) and Kelly Reichardt (“I want to work with more women”). And she finds inspiration in contemporaries Carey Mulligan, Sarah Paulson, and Claire Danes. “They’re my friends, but I also love their work.” Now that her career is taking off, Gummer says her wardrobe has had to play catch-up. “I don’t go to work in sweatpants anymore,” she says, laughing. “I’m a little bolder now. Maybe it’s the hair.”  Lead image: Max Mara Atelier coat, sweater, pants, sunglasses, and bag; New Balance sneakers; Hair: Tommy Buckett for Garnier; Makeup: Justine Purdue for Charlotte Tilbury; Production: The Lovely Works.
 Whether you prefer a lacy bralette or a classic T-shirt bra.  Nobody wants to deal with an itchy, tight, or uncomfortable bra all day long. To save you some aggravation, we rounded up some of the most comfortable bras that will solve all of those pesky problems. Whether you're looking for a classic T-shirt bra or a wireless option, click through to shop the bras that will feel best. Hanro designed this bra to feel like “pure luxury on the skin.” Part of their Cotton Sensation collection, it's made of stretch Pima cotton-jersey and ideal for wearing underneath light-colored tops and satin tanks. The brand we all know and love for helping smooth us out is at it again with a fan favorite bra. The wide straps bring great support, while the front clasp makes it easy to slip on and off.  There's a reason it's called the "Feathers" bra. Both lightweight and comfortable, it's the ultimate everyday bra.  With 100% cotton lining for comfort and push-up padding for a little cleavage, this bra truly lives up to its name of "second skin."  An easy piece to throw on and go is all a woman wants in her lingerie drawer. This bralette is made out of a smooth cotton fabric that let’s you breathe while also offering support. Reviewers have declared it the “best soft cup bra.” Need a bra for those wide necklines and low cuts? This option features clear straps too and can be worn as a strapless, conventional, halter, or cross-over bra. A sexy, yet simple bra that won’t bring any fuss does exist. This padded plunge option is made out of a silk satin so there will be no itching. The seamless look and padded cups makes it comfy everyday lingerie. With molded underwired cups and multi-way detachable straps, this bra will be your go-to for any top: strapless, tank top, or T-shirt. With cups cut from a single piece, you can almost guarantee no itchy middle section. It's both lightweight and comfortable—two things we all look for in our bras. You can lounge in it or layer with it. This seamless wireless bralette is comfy enough as a bra or as a cute crop top.  Three words we love to hear when it comes to our intimates: soft, smooth, and comfortable. The stretch jersey of this underwire bra moves with your body's movements, while the full wire cups sculpt and support. A bra and a top all in one. The Noelle is made out of a stretch silk so whether you're wearing it under a blazer for a night out or as a pajama top, fussing is one thing you won’t be doing. Cosabella updated its best-selling 'Soiré Confidence' bra into this lightweight mesh, that makes you feel like you're wearing nothing at all.  With an under-$100 price tag and rave customer reviews, how can you resist? The lacy detail also lets this one double as sexy lingerie.  With molded cups and soft lace wings, the contour bra from La Perla is the perfect everyday underpinning.
 A totally casual summer essential.  Last week, Bella Hadid and Alexander Wang landed a truly unexpected campaign as the new faces of Magnum Ice Cream. The designer and model lent their fashion prowess to the ice cream brand, posing fiercely with some Magnum bars, as you of course do.  Along with their campaign images and video, the duo also teased a "big announcement" at Cannes Film Festival this week. Would Bella be accessorizing with Magnum bars on the red carpet? Would Alexander Wang be designing a red carpet gown made entirely of Magnum ice cream bar wrappers for the model? While sadly neither of those things happened, Wang and Magnum did announce a new collaboration in Cannes today: a $995 black leather Alexander Wang cooler. Yes, finally: a cooler that matches your true aesthetic and is willing to sweat to death wearing all black, despite the fact that it's summer and hot AF outside.  Can you believe we've made it this long without black leather Alexander Wang coolers in our lives? We've been toting our food in dainty little baskets and doing picnics wrong this entire time. Imagine if only Julie Andrews had gotten her hands on one of these Wang coolers for The Sound of Music:  Total game-changer. Now we can all be downtown party girls while basking in an outdoor picnic and really, what more could you ask for? While $995 may be slightly outlandish for a cooler, can you really put a price on looking like this while eating ice cream?   I rest my case.  SHOP THE ALEXANDER WANG X MAGNUM COOLER
 Tommy Hilfiger and Gigi Hadid take on London Fashion Week with a "Rock Circus" show. For the third season in a row, Gigi Hadid and Tommy Hilfiger joined forces on a see-now, buy-now fashion show. Making their London Fashion Week debut, the duo staged their Fall 2017 collection with the Tommy Now Rock Circus. From the star-studded attendees to acrobatic dancers and more, here's what went down at Tommy x Gigi in London tonight.  1) Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid opened the show. For the first time ever, the model siblings all walked the same show—walking out one after one in order of oldest to youngest for the first three looks.  2) The runway was a rock concert meets circus. Including stadium-like seating and a giant stage that models entered via a red, white, and blue staircase.   The #circus comes to town #Tommynow #rocks #London & #LFW with #fall2017 #Grunge meets #Prep #rockcircus A post shared by  Crystal McClory (@crystalmcclory) on Sep 19, 2017 at 12:10pm PDT  Finale @tommyhilfiger 👌✌🏻✌🏻✌🏾😎#tommynow #gigihadid #mensfashion #fashion #lfw #menswear #cool #90er #gq #gqstyle #fashionweek A post shared by  GQ Germany (@gq_germany) on Sep 19, 2017 at 12:20pm PDT 3) Attendees included Daisy Lowe, Poppy Delevinge, Lottie Moss, Jasmine Sanders, and more. Sadly for fans, there was no appearance made by Gigi's close pal Taylor Swift this season.   4) The runway ended with aerial dancers, acrobats, and a performance by The Chainsmokers. As your typical fashion show does.    #tommynow A post shared by  Kevin Dotolo (@kevindotolo) on Sep 19, 2017 at 12:20pm PDT 
 We chat with Tracy Georgiou about menswear, the trick to finding the perfect pair of vintage jeans, and how her love of musical theater influences her personal style.     In this series for Harper’s Bazaar, I will be “outfit dissecting” women who work behind the scenes in the fashion industry. The women you will meet in these profiles work for some of your favorite brands, and whether they’re designing the pieces you love or answering your DM questions, they are also quietly cultivating trends. Tracy Georgiou.  ​I am a merchandiser and marketer for Loeffler Randall. I work with our team in order to develop collections, buy them, and market them. I don’t know if I could! What I love about what I do is that every day is different and I’m working on a hundred things at once. To a toddler, I probably would just tell them I run around an office all day, very happy and inspired, with a bunch of really cool women.  ​I am! I’m super creative, and I’m super analytical. My parents are both economists, so I grew up in a very kind of focus-metered home in Nebraska. And then I have this other part of my personality that is just super creative, loves to do musical theater, and dance. So for me, an awesome day is a day that merges both of those. Which I think is why I love merchandising. Why I love what I’m doing is because you get to do a lot of both. You look at the business and analyze what’s going on, and you get to dream about creating the next thing.   I think so, in just that I was so removed from the fashion sphere. J.Crew was my idea of high fashion growing up. The catalog would come in the mail and I’d dog-ear the pages. I grew up in the Delia’s era, so I didn’t grow up online. I didn’t grow up looking at fashion magazines. That really wasn’t until college when I came to NYC that my horizons were broadened to that point. I always had this very innate view of what I wanted my personal style to be. I remember every school year starting out, and the year where all I wanted were flannel shirts and turtlenecks. The summer where I only wanted to wear printed shorts with matching T-shirts. Or the Dr. Martens phase with a certain color of socks and certain color twinset. I was always incredibly specific and had this real inner vision dictated by who knows what! I think I still am very much the same way. I really get on a track and it works, and then I press repeat and I continue. I think I’ve always been super curious, so inspiration personally for me is never limited to x, y, and z fashion, it’s always been a refraction of everything around me.   ​It’s funny, because my mom sent me a photo of myself wearing velvet loafers, white socks, kind of baggy gym shorts, and a cool white T-shirt. I was like, “Ooh, good look, I would wear that right now!” So I think, yeah, it’s always been a high-low mix for me.    My necklaces, they are something I wear every day. The stone is an ametrine from a gem healer in India that was prescribed for me. I hope it’s doing great things! It was a really special trip with one of my best friends. And then, ​Urte Tylaite​, who owns the brand Still House, did the setting for it, which is lovely. The rest are a bunch of charms from treasured friends, all sorts of things I’ve picked up along the way. One of my best friends at work got me a protective metal for my dog. I have a zodiac charm. I have a T [charm] that I picked up on the street in Mexico when I was there earlier this year. A Jessica Winzelberg charm. And a seashell I just got at a flea market in Paris. Tomgirl is probably the best way to describe it. But I think it’s a little more irreverent than that. I like to think I could be a character in a Woody Allen or Wes Anderson film, or dress like Woody Allen or Wes Anderson themselves. I think my love of theater and storytelling informs my style. There are moments when I want to be super feminine or moments when I want to be super masculine. And a whole lot of days in the middle where I just end up wearing a T-shirt and jeans. I'm always looking for things that feel good on my body and make me feel a certain way. I know myself well enough to know I dress for comfort. And if it’s not comfortable, it’s not going to last in my closet. I’m a perennial closest purger, and only the really good, really comfortable, really versatile things stay. Or the vintage pieces that are very special, the jeans that fit perfectly; the good stuff sticks around.  In terms of personal style, I build my wardrobe around Loeffler Randall because … accessories! A ton of vintage—I love American vintage. I love going to Le Vif in Paris, The Vintage Showroom in London, and Front General in New York City. Anywhere I go, I vintage shop! If I’m not wearing vintage, I love small designers, people that I’m friends with, or companies that I feel really good about supporting. Some current favorites are Demylee, Alex Mill, Clare Vivier, Batsheva, Caron Callahan, B Sides, Kule, SZ Blockprints, and Innika Choo. The Cotton & Modal Tee (from Alex Mill) is the best, the sleeves are the perfect length.  ​Oh, yeah, for sure. I had plenty of crazy, possibly terrible, style moments growing up. Watching a ton of Sex and the City and dreaming about New York definitely led to some fashion moments and some attempts. I went through a real skater phase, which I still partially live in, because I do love a checkered slip-on Van. I think I’ve carried pieces of these experiments with me. I still do a lot of community theater in my free time, and getting dressed for a role is one of my favorite parts of the storytelling. So I think I personally take that on as well. I try for a role to wear something I would never wear in real life. It makes it more fun, it makes it easier to step outside my life.   I was but not in an extreme way. Pretty practical. We made our own Halloween costumes; I wish I had some of those calico prairie dresses now! Laura Ingalls Wilder was very cool in Nebraska!  ​I think one of the things that really informs my style is travel. I love to travel, and I love to shop when I travel. Whether it is the local vintage store or the local flea market, or some sort of artisan, designer, garment that is culturally relevant to that place. I’ll pick up a men’s guayabera shirt in M​érida o​r an embroidered blouse when I went to the Y​ucatán​. And now that is worn with ’70s Levi’s and ballet flats, it feels very different than with a bathing suit on vacation. Maybe this belt I’m about to buy from the Hesperios store! A lot of my purchases are impulse purchases, I think you have to accept that as a vintage shopper.​ ​I will occasionally go in meditating on something I want to find, very rarely do I find it. This jacket, actually, I was in France and knew I was going to a vintage store called Le Vif. And in my head, I really wanted to complete that “stick-of-butter look.” I really wanted a tan denim jacket, and the universe threw me a bone. It was fate, we were meant to be together! But 99.99 percent of the time, it’s just a gut purchase.    I think I go through phases. Right now I’m looking at old photos of Ali MacGraw and Jean Seberg. I asked a friend to describe my style and they said, “Perfect jeans, lively top, flat shoes, and a good handbag.” I think that really sums it up. I went to see “The Cher Show,” and for weeks after that, I was like, “I need rhinestone earrings and a diamanté belt!” So I think whatever I’m seeing and what’s in my immediate consciousness ends up seeping in, rather than one tent-post movie for me. Definitely the ’60s right now. Really good jeans. I’m really interested in the khakis, the putties. Today I was looking at images from Pitti online, and I saw a man in a forest green suit with a buttercream yellow piped pajama shirt and a maroon baseball hat. The color combination blew my mind. I absolutely think being in the ’60s/’70s would be a dream. I think I would dress like a similar version of myself, but all the clothes would be new and in stores! They wouldn’t be vintage, it would be so fun! I​ don’t think so. It’s funny you ask that, and I immediately think of Midnight in Paris, and, you know, I would go back and I would tell you I wouldn’t buy vintage. But everyone would be wistful and buying vintage from the ’20s and ’30s and saying they wanted to live there. I think it would be great to go back to that era with the music and the style. There is something so very restrained and particular that I really like about those eras.  
 Emily Ratajkowski, Jourdan Dunn, Elsa Hosk and more love this affordable line. For years the model-off-duty look has largely followed the same formula: a black leather motorcycle jacket, add black skinny jeans plus the must-have boot or bag of the season. Alana Pallister is changing the game though with her new supermodel-approved clothing line, I.AM.GIA. The Aussie-born designer plays with masculine and feminine pieces, from baggy chinos to itty-bitty crop tops. She's even upgraded the tracksuit, giving it a bolder and cooler feel with vibrant color-blocking. Now, everyone from Kaia Gerber to Bella Hadid are rocking I.AM.GIA, it's even become the unofficial uniform of Victoria Secret Angels like Elsa Hosk, Candice Swanepoel and Jasmine Tookes. At such an affordable price, (most pieces go for cost less than $100) anyone can dress like their favorite model-of-the-moment. We caught up with the founder/designer to talk about the vision for creating a cult brand.  The inspiration behind I.AM.GIA was to create a phenomenon that would completely change the fashion game. I wanted my brand to be the influence to empower every woman to take on the world.  GIA | @emrata in the polaris set | online now | #IAMGIA A post shared by  I AM GIA (@iamgia) on Dec 6, 2017 at 9:43pm PST The name Gia comes from the character I created, a strong and independent woman. When I first started to think about who she was, I was inspired by Gia Carangi, the first ever supermodel of her time. She was an absolute phenomenon and embodied the essence of what I.AM.GIA is all about.  GIA | @gabcurrent in the GIA hoodie | online now | #IAMGIA A post shared by  I AM GIA (@iamgia) on Nov 27, 2017 at 8:24pm PST The ‘I.AM.’ at the start of the name is also very important. When customers wear the clothes, we want them to truly become Gia and to say: ‘I am strong, I am powerful, I am an absolute badass’. The initial design process for my first company was always a lot of trend research, forecast and following the latest color palettes. With Gia, we don’t try to stay on top of trends, which in turn has created trends. The most important thing for us is the story of what Gia is doing in her life. I always put myself in Gia’s shoes when designing for her and think “What would she want to wear?” Diversity is so important because we don’t ever want Gia to be typecast. She is every woman. Some girls will wear a Gia piece with a pair of heels, some girls will wear a Gia piece with a combat boot —and either way is just as cool. I want the I.AM.GIA girl to be an advocate for going against the grain and being true to yourself. She is a strong, independent badass. She is every woman. There are so many movies I draw inspiration from. The movie Gia is naturally one of my favorites. I also love Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill, Mad Max, A Clockwork Orange, Girl Interrupted, Trainspotting, Moulin Rouge, Runaways, The Matrix and Tomb Raider.  GIA | @_dilone wears the Smurfette Boiler | Online Now | #IAMGIA A post shared by  I AM GIA (@iamgia) on Nov 13, 2017 at 1:19am PST Numerology is also a really important thing for me. Around the time I was creating Gia, I kept seeing the numbers 444 occur. When I looked at the clock, it would be 4:44. When I checked Instagram it would be 444 likes on this photo. In numerology, 444 resonates very highly in building solid foundations. It’s known as a confirmation from your angels that you are on the right path. 444 is on so many Gia pieces because we also want to remind our Gia women that they are on the right path and to always trust in that.  GIA| Creative Director @gypspallister wears the Chelsey corset and Mira pants | Online Now | #IAMGIA A post shared by  I AM GIA (@iamgia) on Dec 20, 2017 at 11:40am PST
 You're going to want a pair.  Snow boots haven't always been known to be the chicest of footwear options—they're often dark and clunky. However, Chloé has taken on the challenge to make all-weather boots chic. Sorel tapped the storied French house to reimagine their classic footwear.   The final product? A suede and shearling ankle boot,  gold buttons and fringe laces adding Chloé's signature touch of French cool. You can up your winter footwear game with a pair come November, the boots will retail for $515 at Chloé boutiques, Neiman Marcus, Saks and Bloomingdales.   Sorel and Chloé also tapped Sofia Sanchez de Betak to show off just how cool the new boot looks out in the wild—whether you're hanging by a lake, or camping, or trudging through snow in the city—these boots are the answer.
 Is this the uniform for toppling the patriarchy? When no one was paying attention, the high-fashion streetwear trend died. Rest in peace, over-priced  hoodies—you no longer have a corner on the fashion market. The death knell? When Diet Prada, that Instagram account of savage truth, spotted Vetements sweatshirts and T-shirts on super sale for 80% off across the Internet. We’re talking about the end of the inflated, high fashion version of so-called “streetwear,” the Calabasas-ification of a legitimate, born-in-America look that has evolved over decades as the cultural bi-product of an urban environ, musical genres like blues, rap and hip hop, and varying forms of art and film. While luxury fashion brands that trade in logo hoodies are hitting the sales rack, a new, unabashedly girly vibe has taken over. Think florals, Victoriana and puff sleeves. Femininity at its baseline. The mood in fashion has taken a complete 180, where you’re more likely to see your favorite neighborhood fashion blogger in a $300 floral dress than track pants that cost somewhere in the quadruple digits. On the Fall 2018 runways, you have Calvin Klein’s gingham maxis, Fendi’s white lace dresses,  Rodarte layered tulle, Oscar de la Renta’s epic return to gowns, Chloe’s cut-out white lace, Chanel’s literal romp through the forest. But this trend isn’t really about the runway. The fashion fairy nymphs filling up your social feeds are more often than not clad in direct-to-consumer, dress-heavy brands like LoveShackFancy, Doen, Reformation, Faithfull the Brand, or their French counterparts Rouje and Sézane.  While sneakers of the Balenciaga, Vuitton and Gucci variety continue to sell in record numbers, when is the last time you saw a $2,000 sweatsuit on someone in person, let alone on your social media feed? The return to flagrant femininity follows women’s marches that turned out record-breaking numbers, the rise of pink pussy hats and the #MeToo era. Are women rejecting the notion that you need to dress and act like men in order to get ahead? “It is popular knowledge that in the 1980s women took up a boxy, big-shouldered silhouette and the stylistic details of traditional menswear tailoring to fashion their entrance into the corporate world of work,” Rachel Lifter, assistant professor of fashion studies at Parsons School of Design told BAZAAR.com. “Indeed, the power suit of the working girl—to borrow the title of the iconic 1988 film— is probably the most recognizable symbol of fashionable feminism.” Lifter attributes the move towards ultra-femininity with a renewed refusal to participate in bourgeois society—a return to historical bohemia, which dates back to the early 19th century. “The bohemian style—through dress and behavior—continues to influence fashionable femininities,” she explains. “Think the sartorial style of pop performers like Florence Welch, the enduring legacy of Stevie Nicks as a style icon, and the ‘boho chic’ Coachella look, among other examples.” Perhaps it’s a way for women to rebel against an increasingly hostile cultural conversation—the constant threat of overturning Roe v. Wade, the nomination of a conservative, anti-choice Supreme Court justice, and a sitting president who has a history of abusive behavior and language towards women. Or, perhaps women just want to put on a pretty dress and possibly frolic in an open field of lavender after so many seasons of masculine suiting and oversized sweatshirts. Rebecca Hessel Cohen, founder of floral-friendly, ethereal ready-to-wear brand LoveShackFancy, is in the camp that women are simply ready to lean into their feminine natures again. “I think women are confident, powerful and comfortable being ultra-feminine and romantic again. Now is a time when you can be all these things together—it’s not about a power suit but instead about a flowy dress that exudes femininity and makes you feel dreamy, magical, sexy and powerful all in one,” says Hessel Cohen. “It’s an ode to the past. It’s heritage. Everything is moving so quickly in this world, so maybe this brings back a traditional sensibility—a time when handwork and attention to detail were so important.” The five-year-old brand has blown up in recent months, experiencing exponential sales growth according to Hessel Cohen and increased visibility (if our Insta feeds are any indication) so she must be onto something. On her podcast Juicy Scoop, comedienne Heather McDonald talked about her recent trip to the East End of Long Island and the general style vibe she witnessed there. Everyone had on “these flowy dresses that kind of make it look like you can be a polygamist, if you were in Utah, if you are in the Hamptons you wear it with $700 Gucci tennis shoes.” But no one says it better than Gloria Steinem herself. When asked what she wears to feel like “the queen of business and a rad bitch,” Steinem famously told Lena Dunham: "[I like to wear] something that has a resonance from the past before patriarchy came along." In that case, a wispy maxi floral sounds like just the uniform for women ready to topple the patriarchy—Balenciaga Triple S’s optional. 
 Yes, even THE Amazon coat is on sale.  Prime Day starts at 3am on Monday, July 15th and runs through Tuesday, July 16th. If you’re not already a Prime member (or if you are but want your own Prime account away from prying eyes) sign up and take advantage of Amazon’s 30-day free Prime trial. There are a ton of surprise deals and savings to be found, if you know where to look—and we’re on the Prime Day beat, so keep checking back throughout the sale for more updates! Amazon has some legit cute clothes and accessories, but if you're not already taking advantage of the site to add to your closet, today—aka PRIME DAY—is a great time to start. (Also, you'll be shocked by the the lightning-fast shipping.) Here, we've rounded up all the best fashion deals happening now, so you can either get that last-minute shopping done for your upcoming beach trip or get a head start on your fall wardrobe. We'll be updating this list, too, so keep an eye out for more—you're welcome.  
 Originally: $75.00 Originally: $24.99 Originally: $33.00 Originally: $54.99 Originally: $188.00 Originally: $115.00 Originally: $18.50 Take 30% off at checkout  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 😍😍😍 In the past few years, many fashion houses have started switching from showing the traditional ready-to-wear seasons at fashion week to a "see now, buy now" model, where items are available straight off the runway instead of waiting a few months to hit stores. This idea makes sense to me, but I've never had a particular feeling about it, until today, when Tod's showed its fall 2018 show in Milan, because models carried puppies down the runway and I SEE NOW, WANT TO BUY RIGHT VERY NOW! Not every model was blessed with a dog—Gigi's sister, Bella, walked the show sans puppy: Which...literally how could you walk an entire runway knowing your sister was getting to do it with THIS GUY: Gigi has particular experience carrying French Bulldogs places: Her boyfriend, Zayn Malik has a Frenchie.  Anyway, I have never wanted something to be off a runway and in my hands more than the guy Gigi is holding—mostly because I have a long, semi-pathetic history of desperately wanting a French Bulldog, or, as I like to call them, Potatoes™, but again, because HOW CAN YOU RESIST THIS: While we're at it, I'd also take that jacket, gorgeous bag and cozy zip-up Gigi's wearing, but, you know. 
From: Marie Claire US

 As the greatest film franchise in the galaxy rolls out its latest episode, The Last Jedi, the planet’s top models explore the original trilogy’s many worlds.  If you’ve picked up a piece of Star Wars merchandise in the past ten years, you can thank Brian Rood: since the release of Episode 3, the illustrator has been responsible for defining and guiding the visual style fans of the franchise know and love. Here at Harper’s Bazaar, we know a thing or two about having a reputation for iconic imagery—so we enlisted Rood’s help in today’s supermodel “star wars” by asking him to cast the industry’s reigning catwalk queens in classic scenes from the franchise. (To wit: Kaia Gerber pulling a Princess Leia amid Hoth’s snowy tundra, or the Hadids emerging from the Millennium Falcon.) Working from his studio in Michigan, Rood walked us through his artistic process and told us what it was like to draw Taylor Hill storm(troop)ing the gangway of the Death Star. Harper's Bazaar: You’ve played such a big role in determining the modern visual style of Star Wars. How much of that came from your style as an artist and how much of it came from LucasFilm? Brian Rood: Honestly, a lot of it has been a huge jambalaya of a little bit of them and a little bit of me. I mean, obviously, you get art directed pretty extensively when you’re dealing with a property like Star Wars—you don’t really get free reign to do with it as you wish. But I’ve been working with LucasFilm for the better part of 13 or 14 years, and some of the stuff I’ve done in the past with the fine art line is very much something I get to develop as long as it gets approved by them and I don’t take the property in weird directions.   HB: What year did you come on board the franchise? BR: What year did I try to start working with them or what year did I actually? [laughs] From the very beginning [of my career], I wanted to work with LucasFilm, so I really politely pestered and hounded and tried to put myself in the right place at the right time where the right people were having dinner. So I politely pursued them for probably close to a decade, and right before episode 3 came out was when I got my foot in the door with the first official Star Wars gig. It definitely went above and beyond anything I ever thought—never in a million years did I think it was going to be this ongoing thing. It’s like a dream come true. HB: Yeah, you’re the guy now. And the remarkable thing about your work is that it feels very modern but it’s still a continuation of the same style as the illustrations from the original movies. BR: I’m stoked you recognize that. That’s something I had in the back of my mind, for instance, when we started the storybook project. I’m essentially doing an illustration for every minute and a half of screen time—it’s about 100 illustrations per film that I’ve done now for episodes 1 through 7. I’m in the stages now of working and finishing up Episode 8’s storybook. So we’re talking close to 1,000 illustrations in total, and they needed to look very familiar style-wise to what people have seen before, but we tried to breathe a little new life into it as well so it would appeal to the kids nowadays too as well. HB: How did you go about developing that style with an eye towards the heritage of the franchise? BR: On accident. [laughs] Being such a slave to photo reference, that’s the beginning part of the process for me. I gather up all the reference I can and that’s where the creative process starts: I sit back and I start narrowing down which shot I want to use of the main character and what background I want to use. It’s like a big puzzle. I have to have all my source materials sitting out there in front of me, and that’s where the design element starts—in my head, at least. It doesn’t make much sense for me to sketch something out knowing I’m never going to find the shot of this actor looking like this. It’s a painful road to go down, because the art directors and editors get their hearts set on that initial thumbnail and then you have to revise it and change it based on the material I actually have to work from. And you’ll get, “Hey, I wanted him in that pose,” and it’s like, but that one doesn’t exist! So then you have to figure out how to pose it and shoot it and model it. It’s a lot better when you already have source material. HB: Tell us about the illustrations you did for Harper’s Bazaar. What did your collaboration with the editors look like? BR: They came through and they went through some of the storybooks that I had done and picked out some of their favorite iconic scenes from the Star Wars films, with backgrounds everybody felt familiar with that you’ve seen a million times, and they had a list of the models in those scenes that they wanted with the outfits they wanted. You know, kind of replace Luke with Kendall Jenner. So that’s kind of how that evolved.   HB: In all the aspects of the brand that you’ve worked on, where do you get to have the most fun? BR: Doing the storybooks is really fun because we’re reinventing some classic scenes from the film that everybody knows, and oftentimes we’ll kind of pitch it from a different angle. We’ll paint it up in a way by using multiple sets of references and source material, so even though it’s a familiar scene and you feel like you’ve seen it before, it’s something new for the fans to get a kick out of: “Oh, we didn’t see it from that camera angle!” HB: So are you trying to tell us that Han shot first? BR: I ain’t going nowhere near that. Gotta leave a mystery in there somewhere—I’m not gonna be the guy that said any of that! HB: It was worth a shot. BR: Honestly, the funnest thing about Star Wars from an illustrator’s standpoint is that you get to dabble in a lot of different cultures with the Star Wars films. If I’m doing a fine art painting, I can almost do a Wild West painting, or I can do a very hard sci-fi tech-y painting, or I can make it more fantastical. I mean, that’s the beauty of the Star Wars films to me: they touch on so many levels and subject matters, and it’s cool creatively to spread your wings a little bit in so many different genres all inside of one film franchise.  Special thanks to Samira Ibrahim, Michael Siglain, and the brilliant minds at Lucasfilm and Disney. Star Wars: The Last Jedi opens in U.S. theaters on December 15. This article originally appears in the November 2017 issue of Harper's Bazaar. 
 It's the gift that gives every month. From chunky knits to leather galore, here's what to scoop up quick.  The combat trend is up to fifty percent off. Dive right in...  From brands that have our earth-friendly seal of approval. We prefer being referred to as 'particular' over 'high-maintenance.' Keep it warm, keep it cool... Sleek and fun ensembles that pack a sartorial punch, but won't leave you feeling the winter chill.  The holiday gifts she won't want to return.  Want to up your gift-giving game? It’s an art really. Who doesn't want to travel comfortably—and in style?  Starting November 18, RTR customers can drop off their rentals at 30 Nordstrom locations. The functional looks that don't sacrifice style. The gift that lasts every day of the holiday season.  Mimi Cuttrell's collection has all the '90s power vibes her clients love. Party dress season is here.  The brand's trademarked chocolate diamonds have been worn by Rihanna, Madonna, Jennifer Lopez, and Taylor Swift. From designer AirPod cases to all the coolest new gadgets.  Plus links to buy now, of course... Let's face it: You give the best presents in your squad. From Gucci to Loewe...it's the most sustainable way to shop, after all The office-friendly bags to shop now.  This year, we're getting personal. From elegant bottles of Crown Royal, to golden trinkets with their initials, give a gift with a little more thought to the top-tier person in your life.  From denim suiting to  patchwork and even denim booties, shop our favorite looks for this season.
 "I love pasta and being greased up in olive oil..." Day 3 of LOVE's advent calendar is every bit as brilliant as Day 2's Ashley Graham video. In the latest instalment, Emily Ratajkowski takes the opportunity to writhe around in spaghetti, getting up close and personal with her carbs. Wearing just her underwear, and a pair of wool mittens, she makes a pretty big mess while attempting to "eat spaghetti gracefully," but most viewers will agree that it was definitely worth attempting.  The video ends with a quote from Ratajkowski saying, "I love pasta and being greased up in olive oil more than life itself." Watch the full video now: 
From: ELLE US

 7 steps to a clear complexion. If you're addicted to beauty like we are, the biggest woe is that there isn't enough time (or cash-flow) to try all the buzzy products out there. And if you have yet to jump on the green beauty bandwagon, take baby steps with the reigning queen of all-natural skincare, Tata Harper. The brand’s Daily Essentials set has everything we love, including the award-winning cleanser and mask, plus all the hydrating moisturizers and creams that'll save your skin. Each product comes in a convenient travel-friendly size, so you can test everything in the 7 steps and see what works and doesn't, without investing your whole paycheck.  Tata Harper Daily Essentials Set, $75, shopbazaar.com SHOP CASUAL ELEVATION  "I never leave the house without this set because it includes everything I need to stay fresh and hydrated. And it always fits in whatever bag I'm carrying."   Clair V. clutch, $198, shopbazaar.com, Le Specs sunglasses, $59, shopbazaar.com, Tibi hoodie, $750, shopbazaar.com, Frame denim, $220, shopbazaar.com, Gucci ring, $645, shopbazaar.com, Attico shoes, $780, shopbazaar.com, Tata Harper Daily Essentials Set, $75, shopbazaar.com SHOP FRESH START  "I'm always on endless appointment runs, so when I need a quick and refreshing boost, I mist on the floral essence and feel instantly energized."   Lapima sunglasses, $469, shopbazaar.com, Jennifer Fisher earrings, $450, shopbazaar.com, Giuliva Heritage Collection, $2975, shopbazaar.com, Zimmermann dress, $745, shopbazaar.com, Gucci pump, $890,  shopbazaar.com, Tata Harper Daily Essentials Set, $75, shopbazaar.com, Marni tote, $1,980, shopbazaar.com SHOP ROSY POSY  "For weekend escapes, this is my absolute packing must-have. From the cleanser to the moisturizing last step, it saves my skin wherever I go and whatever climate I'm experiencing."   Hunting Season bag, $1595, shopbazaar.com, RTA top, $165,  shopbazaar.com, Proenza Schouler skirt, $1395, shopbazaar.com, Off-White pumps, $1085, shopbazaar.com, Tata Harper Daily Essentials Set, $75, shopbazaar.com, Bobbi Brown polish, $16, shopbazaar.com, Rachel Comey earrings, $115, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 ShopBAZAAR and Black Iris hosted an intimate dinner on the Upper East Side attended by some of New York City's most fashionable women in celebration of the brand's debut. Shop Black Iris on ShopBAZAAR.com. BAZAAR.com Digital Fashion Director Kerry Pieri co-hosted the evening alongside Black Iris founders Candice Miller, Aly Gradone, Chloe Rosenberg, and Rachel Wexler. The Culinistas curated the meal in a beautiful setting designed by Simply Perfect Events and Arthur Golabek florals. Each guest received a custom drawing in the Black Iris collection by artist Katherine Moffet. Photography by Grant Friedman.  Black Iris Founders Candice Miller, Chloe Rosenberg, Aly Gradone, and Rachel Wexler  Candice Miller and Arielle Charnas  Candice Miller and Kerry Pieri  Danielle Nachmani and Arielle Charnas Daphne Oz, Candice Miller, Tracey Anderson, Arielle Charnas, Rachel Wexler, Aly Gradone, and Chloe Rosenberg Rachel Wexler, Candice Miller, Kerry Pieri, Chloe Rosenberg, and Aly Gradone  Marielle Safra and Claire Olshan Mary Kate Olsen, Candice Miller, and Marcella Guarino Mary Kate Olsen, Lesley Vecsler, Candice Miller, Aly Gradone, and Marcella Guarino Nell Diamond and Mary Kate Olsen Soshanna Gruss, Candice Miller, and Erika Bearman Leandra Cohen, Claire Olshan, and Sylvana Ward Durrett Decor by Simply Perfect Events and Florals by Arthur Golabek Custom Illustrations by Katherine Moffet  Tatiana Hambro and Rachel Wexler Tracey Anderson and Hilary Rhoda Candice Miller and Tracey Anderson Vanessa Traina, Rickie De Sole, Candice Miller, and Grace Fuller Jenny Cipoletti and Aly Gradone Kate Davidson Hudson, Joyann King, and Kerry Pieri
 The countdown to the Victoria Secret Fashion Show is on. The countdown is on for the 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. This year's lingerie extravaganza is just a week away, which means the girls have trained and prepared and now it's time for their official fittings. See what all the top models are wearing before they try on their wings for the first time! Hadid channels swinging '60s style in a sweater dress and knee-high boots.   The Angel isnt afraid to stand out in bold color.   The New Zealand beauty kept it classic in a black silk shirt and coordinating jeans, and a grey bag that pops.  The PINK Ambassador stays loyal to the rose hue.  The VS rookie is not shy about her style.  The Swedish top model went for sporty instead of sexy in a oversized windbreaker.  After missing out on the last two shows the Angel is ready to return to the runway.  Swanepoel looks ready to rock her 11th Victoria Secret Fashion Show.  Who's the cool girl on the block? This VS rookie is clearly looking to stand out with her person style.  The VS rookie keeps it sexy in a lingerie-inspired bodysuit and leopard skirt for her first fitting.  For a nighttime casting the British beauty kept it simple in head-to-toe black and an It bag.  This VS angel shows off her wild side in a leopard dress and sturdy ankle boot.  Bruna takes the crop top to new heights with this look.   A little rock 'n' meets school girl is the look for this VS Angel  The VS Pink ambassador goes for contrast in a zebra-printed coat and black pumps. 
 The model and her toddler walked Jean Paul Gaultier's Spring 2018 Couture show.  Paris Couture Week has had plenty of attention-making moments so far—from Bella Hadid opening and closing the Alexandre Vauthier show to Kaia Gerber making her debut at Chanel Couture to Ulyana Sergeenko and Miroslava Duma's racial controversy yesterday. But today's Jean Paul Gaultier show brought forth the sweetest moment of the week thus far.  Coco Rocha and her 2-year-old daughter, Ioni James Conran, walked the runway in matching looks at Jean Paul Gaultier's Spring 2018 couture show. Walking hand-in-hand, the mommy-and-me duo closed the show wearing icy blue one-shouldered gowns adorned with black hearts, black opera gloves, white tights, and spiral ponytails.  Just when you thought the runway moment couldn't get any cuter, the mom and daughter made sure to strike a few dramatic fashun poses while exiting the runway.  At just two years old, little Ioni is already proving to be a pro on the catwalk—and how many toddlers can say they've walked a Paris couture show? I'm pretty sure at the age of 2 the only place I walked was the playground in off-the-rack OshKosh B'Gosh (the horror). Of course, Ioni has been advanced from the start and already has her own Instagram page with over 60,000 followers. Her mom took to the account to share some behind-the-scenes snaps of the fitting and rehearsal for the tot's first couture show:   Fitting and rehearsal at @jpgaultierofficial - my first ever couture fashion show!! A post shared by  Ioni James Conran (@ioniconran) on Jan 24, 2018 at 8:18am PST From diapers to couture, you go Ioni. 
 You might as well surrender your credit card now, here's what to buy.  From Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale to Amazon Prime Day and beyond, this week is full of sales worth shopping. The latest? Moda Operandi is offering up to 80% off some of its hottest designer pieces. From chic sandals to must-have denim and statement-making sundresses, here are the best summer pieces to buy now.  Originally $400, on sale for $140.  Style this sweet gingham top with a pair of denim, a straw bag, and mules for the perfect summer look.  Mara & Minemodaoperandi.com$152.00 SHOP NOW Originally $265, on sale for $152.  Up your slide game with this beaded raffia pair that's effortlessly glam.  Originally $425, on sale for $170.  Denim dresses and jumpsuits are reigning supreme this summer—add a pair of gold hoop earrings and a chic sandal to this one and you're ready to go.  Originally $290, on sale for $172. From the bold yellow hue to the billowy sleeves and smocked detailing, this Alice McCall blouse hits all the right summer trends at once.  Originally $255, on sale for $153 Transition from summer to fall with this frayed A-line denim skirt. Wear it with sandals now and a pair of ankle booties later on.  Originally $450, on sale for $171.  Making for another great transitional piece, Tibi's patent mules are perfect for day to night and will take you from your summer wardrobe right into fall.  Originally $765, on sale for $383.  This retro-inspired dress is perfect for a day in the sun. Originally $175, on sale for $102. It's not too late to scoop up this limited-edition one-piece designed by Lily Aldridge. Originally $240, on sale for $116.  Instantly make any look pop with this colorful straw pompom bag.  Luisa Beccariamodaoperandi.com$238 for top, $438 for pants SHOP NOW Originally $595 and $1,095 each, on sale for $238 and $438.  Matching two-piece sets are one of our favorite trends of the season and this striped set makes for a dreamy way to try the look.  Originally $250, on sale for $150.  You're going to want a new pair of jeans for fall, so why not score a pair on sale now? This cropped pair will go perfectly with both sandals and ankle boots as the temperatures begin to drop.  Originally $575, on sale for $219. Come on, you know you want a crochet going out top this summer—and this halter version is too good to pass up.  Originally $1,395, on sale for $475. A fresh take on the basket bag trend, this will go with your entire summer wardrobe and it's almost 70% off.  Originally $795, on sale for $463. Look no further than this ruffled little white dress for your dream summer night look.  Originally $495, on sale for $213.  Because you can never, ever have enough pair of flat sandals.  Originally $460, on sale for $299. For the office or a weekend look, this billowy print blouse can do no wrong. 
 The model channeled the late royal's timeless style (bike shorts included).  Long before Kardashians and influencers were wearing bike shorts, Princess Diana made them cool. The late royal knew how to work everything from a skirt suit to a revenge dress, but the way she finessed '90s athleisure and casual attire made her the relatable fashion icon we still honor to this day.  It models from Gigi Hadid to Emily Ratajkowski have put their spin on the figure-hugging short in the past year, but Hailey Bieber paid the ultimate sartorial tribute to Princess Di, who passed away in 1997, in a new editorial for Vogue Paris. In the shoot, photographed by Gregory Harris and styled by Virginie Benarroch, the 22-year-old channels the royal's casual elegance in oversized college sweatshirts, chunky tube socks, and baseball caps.   new story for @vogueparis shot by @gstyles styled by @virginiebenarroch 💕 all credit and inspo to the amazingly beautiful and iconically stylish Princess Diana who I’ve looked to for style inspiration for as long as I can remember. Thank you for leaving behind such an iconic fashion and style legacy. A post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on Aug 28, 2019 at 4:17pm PDT  Bieber even recreated the princess' famous blazered look, which consisted of a baseball cap, blazer, sweatshirt, and light wash jeans tucked into brown cowboy boots. Princess Diana wore her now-legendary iteration of the ensemble at a polo match in Windsor in 1988.      @vogueparis shot by @gstyles styled by @virginiebenarroch xx A post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on Aug 28, 2019 at 4:18pm PDT  Beiber showed off the shoot on her Instagram account yesterday and praised the late princess for inspiring her own personal wardrobe. (Anyone keeps up with the model's street style looks knows that she, too, is a bike shorts fan.)  "[All] credit and inspo to the amazingly beautiful and iconically stylish Princess Diana who I’ve looked to for style inspiration for as long as I can remember," she wrote in her caption. "Thank you for leaving behind such an iconic fashion and style legacy." 
 See the top looks from the season's standout collections.  As the Spring 2018 collections unfold in New York, check back as we spotlight the best runway looks from the standout collections of the season.
 Friends who model in Aruba together, stay together.  Georgia Gibbs and Kate Wasley are best friends and models who are perhaps best known for their March Instagram post, which went viral because, you know, they just happen to have different body-types (which is a completely normal, common thing because no one has the same exact body-type?) As Georgia explains in the caption above, among the response to their initial photo were comments from people who believed she'd photoshopped the photo to flatter herself  (in comparison to her friend Kate). This, Georgia says, "broke [her] heart," but also led her and Kate to found "Any BODY," a joint Instagram account and website that promotes body positivity for women of ~all sizes~ because, yes please. The duo's Insta accounts quickly grew a large following, and received an overwhelmingly positive response. "Can't tell you how heartwarming it is seeing so many of you embrace your bodies," they wrote on their Instagram. The pair even found themselves on the cover of Australia's Health & Fitness magazine in September.  But perhaps the most exciting moment of their modeling careers came Wednesday, when Sports Illustrated officially announced Georgia and Kate as the magazine's latest 2018 SI Swim Rookies. They both took part in a magical photoshoot in Aruba and truly the photos speak for themselves.  Kate and Georgia lead by example in overcoming negativity (whether it's internal or external) to embrace yourself and support others around you—because we are all different and should love what makes us that way. And hey, just throwing it out there, if any of my friends casually want to fly to Aruba with me to recreate these gorgeous photos, HMU.  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 The designer is said to be stepping down after 10 years with the fashion house. Phoebe Philo is reportedly exiting Céline after 10 years with the French brand, according to WWD. The Spring 2018 collection, debuting in March, will be her last, a source with with knowledge of the matter told the site.  Philo will also not work for another designer "in the near future" and her successor is expected to be announced "in the coming months." In the meantime, the Céline team will design collections and adhere to "the craftsmanship the house is renowned for," the source added. The brand has not yet publicly confirmed her departure. WWD obtained a statement Philo sent to her team, which included a grateful parting message.  "Working with Céline has been an exceptional experience for me these last 10 years," it reads. "I am grateful to have worked with an incredibly talented and committed team and I would like to thank everyone along the way who has been part of the collaborations and conversations… it’s been amazing." LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault praised the designer "for having contributed to the great momentum of this Maison" and added that "a new era of development for Céline will now start," according to WWD. Philo's exit has been rumored for months now. In October, Business of Fashion reported that the designer was parting ways with the brand and that "interviews have been going on for a few months" to find a replacement. However, at the time, LVMH "categorically [denied] any imminent departure of Phoebe Philo from Céline." Philo joined Céline in 2008, after a successful tenure at Chloé as creative director, which she inherited from Karl Lagerfeld in 1997, BoF reports. She most recently showed her Spring 2018 collection at Paris Fashion Week in early October, featuring a "playful" but "elevated" range of suits, capes, printed dresses, and more. 
 Tracking the 5-year-old's best style moments.  At just five years old, North West is already a fashion force to be reckoned with. We're tracking the style-icon in-the-making's best fashion moments—from her Fashion Week debut to her post-ballet class attire. There's no shame in taking sartorial inspiration from a child when she dresses in Alexander Wang, Balmain, and Yeezy, after all. Attending Kanye West's Sunday Service at Coachella with Ryan Romulus. North's outfit is reminiscent of mom Kim Kardashian's pared back, taupe-toned outfits. In yet another A+ street style look during her New York trip, North stepped out in a two-piece python print set and her signature Vans sneakers.  Shop It: Vans Kids Authentic sneakers, $35, vans.com. SHOP NOW  In a neon orange dress (please note the matching neon eyeliner) and Vans sneakers while out in New York with Kim Kardashian West.  Shop It: Vans Kids Authentic sneakers, $35, vans.com. SHOP NOW Arriving in New York, North went all out in a neon green look—complete with a matching bag, shield sunglasses, and even a neon green hair tie.  Shop It: Vans Kids Authentic sneakers, $35, vans.com. SHOP NOW Making her runway debut, North strutted down the runway at the L.O.L Surprise! Fashion Show, while her mom Kim Kardashian West proudly watched from the front row. The 5-year-old rocked a red patent leather skirt and motorcycle jacket, black Cult Gaia bamboo clutch, and oversized sunglasses.  In a hot pink adidas outfit, Yeezy sneakers, and a candy necklace choker (which, yum) just ahead of her 5th birthday in New York.  Oh, this old thing? Just a casual ice skating look, nothing to see here. North wore a black shaggy fur coat, a little black dress with a pearlized collar, and high socks for an ice skating session at Central Park—inspiring us all to step up our style game next time we hit the rink.   North mastered the art of dressing like a New Yorker while en route to dinner at Serendipity 3 on Saturday night. The tot wore a shaggy black fur coat, black dress with safety pin detailing, and Dr Martens boots.  The four-year-old touched down in New York for a trip with Kourtney Kardashian and cousin Penelope Disick wearing a black bomber jacket, Van's sneakers, and accessorizing with a teddy bear, as you do.  Channeling her sportier side, North stepped our in a red Adidas jersey dress, white socks, black Vans, and of course, blue Fun Dip while out at GlowZone in LA.  While out with Kim Kardashian and brother Saint West, North wore a pink The Kid's Supply dress and gray Adidas sneakers.  In a Cypress Hill t-shirt that she turned into a tank dress (according to Kim Kardashian's Snapchat) and The Kid's Supply x AKID fur slides while painting at Color Me Mine.  Schooling us all on the art of being cool in a Snoop Dogg tank dress, rhinestone choker and leopard fur slides for her 4th birthday dinner at Ruby's Diner.  In a pink patterned slip dress and a black tee with her signature Vans at the Museum of Ice Cream. The 3-year-old stepped out in a pink velvet lace-up dress, a bejeweled bag and sneakers with her parents names' airbrushed onto the backs (which is probably only cool if your parents are Kim and Kanye).  While at a birthday party over the weekend, North stepped out in a green "Calabasas" thermal outfit, another possible sneak-peek at Kim and Kanye's upcoming childrenswear line with Adidas. Naturally, the 3-year-old has us hoping it comes in adult sizes too.  Kourtney Kardashian took to Instagram to share North's festive Valentine's Day outfit—a heart slip dress, Vans and a leather jacket with dad Kanye West's "Famous" lyrics on the back. Nailed it.  In a black fur jacket, velvet turtleneck dress, tights, Doc Martens and a lollipop, of course.  For a night at the New York City Ballet, North debuts the first designs from Kim and Kanye's upcoming kids' clothing line (which she helped design, of course). She topped off the bright look with tube socks and Vans.  While in Costa Rica, the 3-year-old sticks to her no-fail uniform: a velvet slipdress and Vans. She has, it seems, officially retired and moved on from the black choker trend too.  For a family day out in Costa Rica, North wears a lace camisole and shorts set and flip flops. (One time I saw North West wearing lace shorts and flip flops so I bought lace shorts and flip flops.) via @bound2west Boarding a private plane to Costa Rica with the Kardashian family, North wears a pink hoodie personalized with her nickname, "Nori."  via @NoriWestSource  While out in Miami, North embraced the furry slides trend, styling a black pair by AKID with a velvet slip dress, t-shirt and dad hat—looking insanely cooler than any of us ever will.  North went full '90s (again) in a red velvet slipdress layered over a black graphic tee, plus a skinny choker necklace and black baby Yeezys.  North's sporty-chic style game is going strong. The three-year-old stepped out in a Supreme t-shirt and not-yet-available Yeezy Boost sneakers.  If anyone can bring back the monogram Louis Vuitton Speedy bag, it's 3-year-old North West. The tot was spotted in New York carrying a mini version of the bag and wearing one of her signature slip dresses with a pair of white sneakers. Take note, street style stars.  North West dons an outfit her mom and aunts are fond of—an oversized Yeezy sweatshirt worn as a dress plus Yeezy sneakers.  For a night out at Kanye West's Madison Square Garden concert, Kim Kardashian and North West stepped out in matching silver sequin Vetements dresses. While Kim topped hers off with a pair of Yeezy heels, North went for a more laid-back look in a pair of Vans. Ugh, don't you hate it when your mom steals your outfit?  While out with mom Kim Kardashian in New York City, North gave every '90s style lover envy in this velvet slip dress, choker and Vans sneakers.  While in New York, North stepped out in a leopard slip dress, black choker and Yeezy Boosts—reminding us all she still dresses better than most adults. 
 Working 9–to–5 never looked so good... Find the perfect working-girl bag that checks every occasion from flying high in business class to crushing it in the boardroom. Catch the red-eye flight from L.A. to New York with a sleek carry-on.  TUMI carry on, $995, shopbazaar.com SHOP This tote means business–and fits your presentation decks like a dream.  TUMI tote, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP Schlep samples the stylish way for pitch meetings with editors.  TUMI duffle, $595, shopbazaar.com SHOP For on location, in the studio and everything in between, this go-to traveling kit with an easy access front pouch holds the necessities for those final touches.  TUMI crossbody, $295, shopbazaar.com SHOP Show up to your lunch meeting fashionably-on-time toting a modern brief in BAZAAR's favorite fall color.  TUMI brief, $495, shopbazaar.com SHOP For the girl on the go, choose a crossbody that leaves you free to shake hands, press send and sign the dotted line.  TUMI flight bag, $295, shopbazaar.com SHOP All you need is a statement-color wallet to dash out for an afternoon pick-me-up.  TUMI wallet, $195, shopbazaar.com SHOP Listen up, street style photographers: with its polished exterior and utilitarian features, this pack is the perfect way to tote your equipment and chase the perfect shot.  TUMI backpack, $945, shopbazaar.com SHOP A chic little number that's perfect for day-to-night.  TUMI crossbody, $295, shopbazaar.com SHOP To survive the travel between four cities in the US and Europe during fashion month, international models need to bring out the big guns. (The hardcase also expands for souvenirs!) TUMI packing case, $895, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 The shoe designer and swimwear maven are putting a modern spin on vintage Hollywood pin-up silhouettes. The arrival of June marks the unofficial kick-start of summer, and the weather is already heating up. In anticipation of the scorchers to come, we're ready to kick it poolside, beachfront, and sprawled out on a chaise lounge—after a little swimwear wardrobe refresh. In a market saturated with solid-colored skimpy string bikinis, it can be heard to find a suit that fits, flatters, and covers, plus comes in a fun summery print. Luckily, luxury footwear and accessories brand Charlotte Olympia has just teamed up with Brazilian beachwear designer Adriana Degreas, to launch a Old Hollywood glam meets modern playful swimwear capsule collection that screams fun in the sun. To celebrate its 10-year anniversary, Charlotte Olympia is bringing their signature kitten-adorned pin-up accessories aesthetic into the summer season. In a strategic retail play, uniting with Adriana Degreas' internationally coveted luxury swimwear label, the limited-edition collection fuses both designers' trademark styles.  Featuring retro high-waisted bottoms with flattering ruched side panels, plus sexy strapless and structured bustier tops, the suits are an ode to the classic 1950s vintage silhouettes. Available in both bikini and one-piece varieties, the suits come in cute eclectic prints, including stand-out leopard and tutti frutti appliqués, plus timeless solid options of fire engine red and blush pink. In addition to swimwear, the collection also includes pool slides, vintage bathing caps, and airy coverups. The exclusive collection of Charlotte Olympia by Adriana Degreas swimwear will be available for purchase in mid-June at Bergdorf Goodman and other worldwide retailers as well as online at the Adriana Degreas site.
 www.harpersbazaar.comhttps’s server IP address could not be found. Try: 
null

 The brand has racked up critical acclaim and celebrity fans.  Meghan Markle made her post-baby debut today with her husband and newborn son in tow. Naturally, after everyone ooh'd and aah'd over the royal baby, attention quickly turned to Markle's choice of dress for the official portraits. The Duchess chose a clean, perfectly tailored white trench-inspired dress by one of London's coolest up-and-coming designers, Wales Bonner. Wales Bonner first launched in 2014 by Central Saint Martin grad Grace Wales Bonner as a menswear line focused on clean tailoring and presenting a specific notion of luxury through the lens of European and Afro-Atlantic approaches. Wales Bonner is inspired by her exploration of critical theory, music composition, literature and history. It wasn't long before Wales Bonner garnered fans like Jaden Smith and Luka Sabbat and began to rack up accolades for her design work.  In 2015, Wales Bonner was awarded Emerging Menswear Designer at the British Fashion Awards. The following year, after her runway debut at London Fashion Week, she was also acknowledged by LVMH with their 2016 Young Designer Prize. By 2018, Wales Bonner launched womenswear.  Just this week Wales Bonner was announced as a 2019 finalist of the British Fashion Council's Designer Fund where she will be given 100,000 GBP for her company.  She also just collaborated with Dior's Maria Grazia Chiuri on a look for the french house's Resort 2020 collection. The designer was invited by Dior to help reimagine the "New Look" silhouette for the Marrakech show that was inspired by African culture. To top off a very busy month, Wales Bonner also teamed up with  Solange and several other musical artists on a devotional and meditative experience at St. Peter's Lutheran Church in New York City during Frieze Art Fair. 
 Yes, she walked last month's VS fashion show while expecting. Forget Victoria's secret, Candice Swanepoel had a secret of her own she's been keeping these last few months. The supermodel revealed on Instagram Friday night that she is pregnant with her second child. "Christmas came early," she captioned her post. Yes, that means she walked the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai last month while pregnant. But Swanepoel certainly had everyone fooled, as her fans praised her fit post-baby figure.  The VS Angel welcomed her first child, a son named Anaca in October of 2016, with her fiance, model Hermann Nicoli.  Swanepoel is not the first Angel to hit the Victoria's Secret runway with child—last year Irina Shayk famously debuted her bump at the show in Paris. Alessandra Ambrosio also walked the lingerie extravaganza while pregnant in years past. The South African beauty skipped last year's show in Paris which took place just a month after the birth of her son.  This year was Swanepoel's 10th anniversary show, and she made quite the comeback, opening the Shanghai show.  Aside from walking the runway in her underwear, the Angel was not shy about bearing her midriff prior to her baby announcement.  For the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show official viewing party in New York on November 28th the blonde bombshell rocked a see-through, with a bra and matching jacket showing off her abs. She sure fooled us.
 See all the looks from H&M's latest designer collaboration. Erdem is bringing romance and ballgowns to H&M. Back in July, the Swedish retailer announced its latest high fashion collaboration would be with the London-based designer known for its ultra-feminine and oft floral-filled womenswear. With less than one month until it hits stores (the collection officially drops November 2nd), the first look at Erdem x H&M is finally here. Featuring romantic lace, evening dresses, and a floral hoodie sure to takeover the street style scene, click through to see the full lookbook and map out which pieces are tops on your list.  Erdem x H&M hits stores and hm.com on November 2nd.  Erdem x H&M hits stores and hm.com on November 2nd. 
 The Italian brand showed their latest couture show at Lincoln Center in NYC.  Florals, sequins, stripes, oh my! Dolce & Gabbana took the notion of "more is more" and translated it into another colorful, whimsical and larger-than-life collection. Click through to see every single look from their haute couture show. 
 From the grand show venue to Kaia Gerber hitting the runway.  For its latest Metiers d'Art show, Chanel unveiled its Pre-Fall 2018 collection in Hamburg, Germany today. From the stunning venue to the top models and star studded front row, here's everything to know from the fashion house's latest show.  Taking place at Hamburg's newly-opened Elbphilharmonie concert hall, the Metiers d'Art show transformed a grand orchestra theater into its runway. The building, designed by Herzog & de Meuron, is one of the German city's largest structures. This also marks the first time Karl Lagerfeld has ever staged a fashion show in his hometown.  Karl Lagerfeld's A-list muses—including Kristen Stewart, Lily-Rose Depp, and Tilda Swinton—were all in attendance for the occasion, watching on from the front row in Chanel looks.  Runway breakout star Kaia Gerber walked her second ever Chanel show, sporting two Pre-Fall looks on the runway. Anna Ewers, Soo Joo Park, Grace Elizabeth and more also hit the catwalk. Inspired by German culture of the 1960s, Chanel's Pre-Fall 2018 collection included a lineup full of mini skirts paired with black opaque tights. Each of the mod-inspired looks was topped off with a newsboy cap, some of which were adorned with a black lace veil. Chanel's signature tweed suits, dresses, and skirts were also included in the collection, as well as an array of cozy knitwear pieces.  Taking his final bow, Karl Lagerfeld walked the runway with his mini muse, nine-year-old Hudson Kroenig. The boy wore the chicest black double-breasted suit along with one of the newsboy caps worn on the catwalk.  
 
 Some of these winners are no-brainers.  Kendall Jenner is the biggest model on Instagram, the app's end-of-year data proves. Among her fellow models, the 22-year-old has the most followers, the most mentions, the most-liked photo and the most followers gained in 2017. Other It Girls like Gigi and Bella Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski, Hailey Baldwin, Ashley Graham and some Victoria's Secret Angels follow closely behind on the lists. However, the most-engaged category—which factors in the amount of likes and comments in relation to the user's number of followers—is where up-and-comers shine. Julia Ratner (34k followers) and Mayowa Nicholas (49k) top the list, even though their follower count is much lower than Jenner's or Hadid's millions. The data was based off of findings from January 1, 2017 through November 17, 2017, according to Instagram. Overall, the biggest users on the app come as no surprise, as Selena Gomez retains her top spot as the most-followed user (with a whopping 130 million followers) and Beyoncé's pregnancy photoshoot takes the crown as the most-liked photo of the year (and ever) with 11 million likes and counting.  As far as the fashion world goes, the biggest designers on Instagram were also no-brainers, as household names like Chanel and Dior and celebrities like Victoria Beckham came out on top. Take a look at the full lists below.    Harper's Bazaar 150th anniversary issue. @harpersbazaarus stay tuned... A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Apr 13, 2017 at 8:42am PDT 1. Kendall Jenner (@kendalljenner) 83.7M+ followers 2. Cara Delevingne (@caradelevingne) 40.7M+ followers 3. Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) 35.9M+ followers 4. Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) 15.1M+ followers 5. Bella Hadid (@bellahadid) 15M+ followers 6. Chrissy Teigen (@chrissyteigen) 14.6M+ followers 7. Gisele Bündchen (@gisele) 13.3M+ followers 8. Miranda Kerr (@mirandakerr) 11.5M+ followers 9. Candice Swanepoel (@angelcandices) 11.3M+ followers 10. Adriana Lima (@adrianalima) 11.2M+ followers  gotta support the homies 🤙🏽 i'm so proud of @caradelevingne and Valerian was amazing 💙 A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Jul 18, 2017 at 9:34am PDT 1. Kendall Jenner (@kendalljenner) 2. Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) 3. Gisele Bündchen (@gisele) 4. Bella Hadid (@bellahadid) 5. Cara Delevingne (@caradelevingne) 6. Hailey Baldwin (@haileybaldwin) 7. Adriana Lima (@adrianalima) 8. Barbara Palvin (@realbarbarapalvin) 9. Josephine Skriver (@josephineskriver) 10. Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata)  🍕🍕🍕 A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Jun 20, 2017 at 2:58pm PDT This photo, posted by Kendall Jenner on June 20, has over 4.5 million likes.  👀 A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Apr 20, 2017 at 9:16am PDT 1. Kendall Jenner (@kendalljenner): Gained 12 million followers. 2. Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid): Gained 8 million followers. 3. Bella Hadid (@bellahadid): Gained 6 million followers. 4. Chrissy Teigen (@chrissyteigen): Gained 5 million followers. 5. Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata): Gained 5 million followers. 6. Cara Delevingne (@caradelevingne): Gained 4 million followers. 7. Taylor Hill (@taylor_hill): Gained 2 million followers. 8. Ashley Graham (@theashleygraham): Gained 2 million followers. 9. Gisele Bündchen (@gisele): Gained 2 million followers. 10. Hailey Baldwin (@haileybaldwin): Gained 1.9 million followers.  Tonight A post shared by Bella Hadid (@bellahadid) on Nov 28, 2017 at 12:36pm PST 1. Bella Hadid (@bellahadid) 2. Alexis Ren (@alexisren) 3. Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) 4. Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) 5. Cara Delevingne (@caradelevingne) 6. Hailey Baldwin (@haileybaldwin) 7. Ashley Graham (@theashleygraham) 8. Sara Sampaio (@sarasampaio) 9. Alessandra Ambrosio (@alessandraambrosio) 10. Taylor Hill (@taylor_hill)  My hands are still shaking. Incredibly thankful for letting me close @maisonvalentino show and lead the finale. I can die in peace now. All the love to #Pierpaolopiccioli , #Joemckenna #Patriziapilotti . My heart is melting A post shared by Ratner (@dear.ratner) on Oct 1, 2017 at 9:54am PDT These models had the highest percentage of likes and comments relative to their number of followers. 1. Julia Ratner (@dear.ratner) 2. Mayowa Nicholas (@mayowanicholas) 3. Paulina Frankowska (@paulinafrankowska) 4. Léa Julian (@lea_jul) 5. Presley Gerber (@presleygerber) 6. Kaia Gerber (@kaiagerber) 7. Yasmin Wijnaldum (@yasminwijnaldum) 8. Vittoria Ceretti (@vittoceretti) 9. Lauren de Graaf (@laurenjdg) 10. Selena Forrest (@selenaforrest)  Finale of the #CHANELCruise 2017/18 show in Chengdu, China. A post shared by CHANEL (@chanelofficial) on Nov 8, 2017 at 9:09am PST 1. Chanel (@chanelofficial) 25M followers. 2. Louis Vuitton (@louisvuitton) 19.2M+ followers. 3. Gucci (@gucci) 17.8M+ followers. 4. Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) 17.2M+ followers. 5. Dior (@dior) 17.2M+ followers. 6. Dolce and Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) 15M+ followers. 7. Prada (@prada) 13.5M+ followers. 8. Michael Kors (@michaelkors) 10.6M+ followers. 9. Calvin Klein (@calvinklein) 10.2M+ followers. 10. Versace (@versace_official) 10.2M+ followers.  In the secretive backstage world of #MariaGraziaChiuri's Spring-Summer 2018 show, @BinxWalton and @AdwoaAboah lend their youthful spirit to these dazzling embroidered evening looks moments before unveiling them to an eager audience! #DiorSS18 #PFW © @Morgan_ODonovan A post shared by Dior Official (@dior) on Sep 30, 2017 at 7:16am PDT 1. Dior (@dior) 2. Hermes (@hermes) 3. Louis Vuitton (@louisvuitton) 4. Saint Laurent (@ysl) 5. Topshop (@topshop) 6. Balenciaga (@balenciaga) 7. Burberry (@burberry) 8. Balmain (@balmain) 9. Chloe (@chloe) 10. Ralph Lauren (@ralphlauren)  Happy birthday @davidbeckham we all love u so much x #specialday! X VB 🎂 A post shared by Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on May 2, 2017 at 6:04am PDT Victoria Beckham's photo of her husband David has over 1.1 million likes.   Karl at colette. #CHANELatcolette A post shared by CHANEL (@chanelofficial) on Nov 24, 2017 at 9:45am PST 1. Chanel (@chanelofficial): Gained 9.6 million followers. 2. Gucci (@gucci): Gained 8.1 million followers. 3. Louis Vuitton (@louisvuitton): Gained 7 million followers. 4. Dior (@dior): Gained 5.9 million followers. 5. Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham): Gained 5.7 million followers. 6. Supreme (@supremeny): Gained 4.8 million followers. 7. Dolce and Gabbana (@dolcegabbana): Gained 4.5 million followers. 8. Prada (@prada): Gained 4.3 million followers. 9. Calvin Klein (@calvinklein): Gained 3.9 million followers. 10. Versace (@versace_official) Gained 3.5 million followers.  Thank you @justinepicardie for a great evening at #BazaarAwards wearing #VBSS18 x VB victoriabeckham.com A post shared by Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Nov 3, 2017 at 12:53am PDT 1. Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) 2. Dior (@dior) 3. Dolce and Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) 4. Louis Vuitton (@louisvuitton) 5. Calvin Klein (@calvinklein) 6. Gucci (@gucci) 7. Tommy Hilfiger (@tommyhilfiger) 8. Versace (@versace_official) 9. Chanel (@chanelofficial) 10. Fendi (@fendi)
 The must-have pieces of the season. Gird your loins and pockets, warm weather lovers. Summer is just around the corner, and we're preparing our wardrobes by stashing away heavy leather and chunky knitwear in order to usher in the stylish season ahead. With an abundance of trends emerging from both the runways as well as your ever-shifting social media feeds, how are you to know what's worth skipping and what's worth coveting? We've got you covered.  From the 90s-inspired strappy sandal to beach-ready seashell adorned accessories, these are the 5 style essentials to know and covet for Summer 2019.  Consider this sandal the shoe equivalent of the silky slip dress for its functionality and versatility. We've seen a major resurgence of the late '90s and early 2000's inspired dressing, and this footwear trend has quickly become a favorite. The ultimate everyday sandal, wear it at the office or at happy hour. Raye's simple and sleek iteration makes this white mid-height heel an easy go-to, and the price tag makes it even easier. They come in black, coral, lime and snakeskin, too.  While smocking isn't necessarily new, this season designers and brands are committing to feminine scrunchie details in the daintiest, dreamiest silhouettes. From eye-catching pleats to girly floral prints, there's nothing that screams summer more than these sundresses. For both a flattering silhouette and a flirty length.  Maxi is in — and this cotton-voile option can be worn with both chunky sneakers or barely-there sandals. Thanks to Proenza Schouler and Stella McCartney, this summer is hyper-focused on the modernization of the tie-dye print. It's circulating for all of its unapologetically bold glory and no longer only exists in your pre-teen summer camp memory bank. Update your casual classic white t-shirt for an unexpected twist; nostalgia included. With a satisfying mix of burnt orange and sunset hues, your white slouchy trousers will receive the refresh you’ve been yearning for. Add a little bit of wistfulness to your Summer 2019 wardrobe with a resort-ready piece. They're not only exclusive to necklaces anymore; new designs have cropped up as ring embellishments, dangling earrings and hair accessories. Dinosaur Designs’ artsy take on the trend is a more realistic, sophisticated option. Lightweight, mismatched, and contemporary in design? These statement dangles are all you’ll need to elevate your look. If there's one surprising reemergence we're looking forward to styling, it's the Bermuda short. Besides their obvious comfort factor, these long, slimming shorts come in a variety of options; from utilitarian to denim. This summer, try the trend with a statement-making peasant blouse or a lightweight blazer. An easy-to-style, every day Bermuda short with a vintage feel. The ways in which these can be worn are endless. Deitas' elevated take on the look makes for a sophisticated pairing with all your knitted tank-tops and easy slide-on mules.
 We need to be resuscitated please.  Valentino's Spring 2019 haute couture show just ended with a pleasant surprise: a closing walk by Naomi Campbell. The runway legend made an unexpected appearance on the catwalk in Paris, emerging in a Pierpaolo Piccioli-designed sheer black gown with voluminous sleeves and a tiered ruffle skirt.  The crowd applauded her cameo (including Celine Dion, who sat awestruck in the front row) and fans continued to send praise on Twitter.  The one and only Naomi Campbell closed the Valentino Couture show. Over 30 years later and still dominating the runway. pic.twitter.com/EM0QezAOkE Naomi! ⁦@MaisonValentino⁩ #Couture pic.twitter.com/isULBKjaoU Naomi Campbell closing Valentino Couture. That's all. That's the tweet. pic.twitter.com/63N2GhwMgF Naomi Campbell is THAT bitch 🔥 https://t.co/o4GAw3Nqgj Along with this appearance of a treasured supermodel, Valentino delivered dramatic silhouettes, bold colors, and whimsical florals with its couture show today. As looks like Naomi's showed, frills and ruffles were definitely not off-limits.   This marked the latest of dreamy presentations in Paris this couture week, following giant bows at Givenchy, a real-life acrobat circus at Dior, and a Mediterranean villa at Chanel, complete with a swimming pool and bathing suit-clad bride.   @NaomiCampbell closes @MaisonValentino #HauteCouture in Paris. pic.twitter.com/GgVz6UtDiu  Campbell has been making her rounds at the Paris shows in the past few days as a viewer for Men's Fashion Week. She was recently spotted at an Azzedine Alaïa tribute event, as well as in the front rows for Dior and Louis Vuitton's menswear shows.  Campbell's runway appearances have been selective as of late. One of her latest catwalk cameos was in New York last October, for the launch of the Moschino x H&M collection. Months earlier, she also walked for Miu Miu's Cruise 2019 show and Dolce & Gabbana's Alta Moda show in July.  With Fall 2019 fashion month right around the corner, we've got our fingers crossed for another one of Naomi's surprise runway moments. 
 Celebrities from all over the world pay tribute to the late designer. Paris paid tribute to legendary designer Karl Lagerfeld with a memorial event in his honor, held at the Grand Palais on June 20, 2019. Lagerfeld passed away in February 2019 at the age of 85. The prolific designer made an unforgettable impact on the fashion world thanks to his tenures at Chanel and Fendi. The celebrated designer also founded his own successful label, and his influence is sure to continue for years to come. Models including Cara Delevinge, Gigi Hadid, and Claudia Schiffer attended "Karl For Ever" in Paris, along with actors and actresses, lauded fashion designers, musicians, dancers, celebrities, and media tycoons. Here, some of the most important moments from the event:
 The "dad" sneaker is officially taking over.  Athleisure has been trending for the last few years, but the style sets obsession with the appearance of athleticism has reached a new height with the "dad" sneaker. While we don't believe these will do much for your form, the trend has hit fever pitch with all the major houses from Chanel to Louis Vuitton debuting their own, and it's trickled down to some of our favorite athletic brands like Fila who have revived their Disruptor sneaks that have been around for decades. Time to throw your Stan Smith's to the back of the closet, because these are the must-have sneakers of the moment. Below, shop our favorites.  Chanel sneakers, $1,025, available at select Chanel Boutiques, (800) 550 0005.  Louis Vuitton Nike sneakers, $ New Balance sneakers, $175, zappos.com. SHOP Eytys sneakers, $172, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Givenchy sneakers, $650, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Stella McCartney for Adidas Vetements sneakers, $790, net-a-porter.com. Calvin Klein 205W39NYC sneakers, $672, stylebop.com. SHOP Stella McCartney for Adidas, $660, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Fila sneakers, $70, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP Louis Vuitton sneakers, $1,090, available at select Louis Vuitton stores,  866-vuitton.
 The fashion label stands in solidarity and support of Americans working together to end gun violence. Standing alongside the likes of Gucci's Alessandro Michele, Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez, the creative duo behind Proenza Schouler, are making it their mission to fight for gun control, by way of fashion. The New York-born brand has just announced the launch of two new politically-minded graphic tees, as additions to the existing PSWL (Proenza Schouler White Label), in an effort to raise awareness and support for gun violence prevention. Available in black short-sleeved and white long-sleeved varieties, the logo design affixed both shirts depicts an image of a gun stamped with a bold red cross. More than just a wearable statement, the label seeks to give more to the gun-control cause, pledging to donate 100 percent of the PSWL Benefitting Everytown t-shirt proceeds to Everytown, a movement of Americans working together to end gun violence and build safer communities. Citing the brand's American establishment, the team behind Proenza says they feel a sense of responsibility to use the platform to speak out for the prevention of future gun-related crimes in the United States.  "As an American company, we believe that every person, young and old, has the right to feel safe at all times," the label released in a statement today. "There have been too many lives lost and voices silenced due to gun violence in the U.S. We have chosen to speak up and have been inspired by Everytown's mission to mobilize for policy change across communities. It is with this intent that we use our platform to support the intersectional principles that we believe in." Available for purchase online or in-store at Proenza Schouler's 121 Greene Street New York City location, the T-shirts will be sold for $90 each, with all proceeds donated directly to Everytown and the continued fight for gun-control in the United States. 
 Jeremy Scott took a stand at the end of his Spring 2019 show.  The fashion industry may have its eyes on the Spring 2019 runways at New York Fashion Week, but let's not forget something a little bigger than what we'll be wearing next season is currently unfolding in Washington, D.C.: the Kavanaugh hearings.  As the Senate holds confirmation hearings for Judge Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump's Supreme Court justice nominee, Americans across the country have been protesting his appointment. From the timing of his nomination in the midst of the Mueller investigation to his dangerous stance on Roe v. Wade, Kavanaugh's hearings have been incredibly controversial. And now the protests have made their way to New York Fashion Week, with Jeremy Scott making a statement on Day 1 of the shows. At the end of his show, the designer took a bow wearing a white t-shirt reading, "Tell Your Senator NO On Kavanaugh."  The shirt also provided a phone number, 202-902-7129, for showgoers (and viewers at home) to exercise their civic duty and call their local Senator.  Scott's t-shirt wasn't the only statement-making piece in his Spring 2019 collection. Jackets and sweaters covered in neon words like, "RESIST," "PEACE," "REVOLT," and "HOPE" were worn by both male and female models on the runway. The fashion industry is no stranger to making political statements on the runway. From protecting the ACLU to Planned Parenthood and immigration policy, the last few seasons especially have seen many American (and even European) designers utilizing their shows for statements of protest and activism.  Given that it's still early in the New York Fashion Week schedule, this is likely just the beginning of runway political statements to come. 
 From Lauren Conrad, to Kate Hudson, to Aja Naomi King. The 8th Annual Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic took place at Will Rogers State Historic Park on October 14, 2017 in Pacific Palisades, California. From Aja Naomi King to Lauren Conrad, stars turned out in a stunning array of dresses, jumpsuits, and hats for the event. In Johanna Ortiz, with the Clare V. Petite Alice bag. In the Shoshanna Midnight Najlah Dress.
 Happy x Nature is seriously stylish and eco-friendly. If you're like us, and you find the constant statistics of global warming rather alarming, you may know that the fashion industry, as much as we love it, is one of the biggest polluters of the environment. Fast fashion just happens to be one of the top offenders, but how else do you look good and on trend on a tight budget? Well, Kate Hudson might just have the answer for you. Today, the A-list Hollywood actress and mother of three is launching her own ready-to-wear line called Happy x Nature (spoken as Happy By Nature) that just happens to be stylish and sustainable. Why would Hudson add a clothing line to her already full plate? The actress balances her Hollywood career with three kids (she gave birth to daughter Rani back in September) and her athletic line Fabletics. "I've always wanted to do this," Hudson told BAZAAR.com when we stopped by for a sneak preview of the collection. "I started working on this a year ago, I wanted to do it for a real long time. When you have people who really want you to endorse their brands, at some point you realize you just want to do it for yourself. Something that feels really authentic to you." At first look it's easy to see this collection is very Kate Hudson. Clearly, California inspired with countless printed sundresses made of recycled cotton, knit sets made for Coachella, prairie blouses, and boot-cut denim that she insisted on having, even if her head designer was a little apprehensive at first. The HappyxNature denim is made with Repreve, a leading recycled fiber made from plastic bottle, and cost just under $100. The rest of the line ranges from $48 to $148 Hudson admits that building a sustainable brand is really challenging. "We tried to keep the carbon footprint as low as possible," she says, even when it comes down to the clothing tag made of natural fibers. She hopes to increase the company's sustainability as time goes on. "I just hope this becomes so successful that every brand starts rethinking the way they do things. It feels like a responsibility in fashion now." Clearly Hudson is ready to lead the charge.
 Whether you're taking a weekend trip or going home for the holidays, pack it all in style.  Finding the perfect weekender bag is never easy, especially when you're trying to fit all your travel essentials in one place. To ease the process, we've scoured the best bags that will have you jet setting in style.  If you're into personalizing your accessories, this monogram weekend bag is a chic option. Fuzzy textured bags were all over the Fall 2019 runways. Test the look out in luggage form with this fleece duffle for all your upcoming fall trips. Longchamp's Le Pilage XL bag will become your new go-to weekend bag. It can be used for both a quick away or as a gym bag. Stand out from the crowd with this retro circular suitcase that you don't have to lug over your shoulder.  Trying to perfect your minimal travel look? This Mansur Gavriel will suit you well. Keep it simple with this T Anthony weekender canvas bag that's both lightweight and practical. Bonus: it'll go perfectly with your entire wardrobe.  You'll be seeing snake print everywhere this season. Right on-trend, this chic weekender will elevate your look instantly. Though still a neutral, this dark olive green shade will stand out amidst a sea of all black luggage.  An upgraded duffle bag for the sporty girl at heart. You can never go wrong with a good brown leather bag that's just as function as it is stylish.  Treat yourself to this rose colored Bottega Interciatto weekender that will last you a lifetime. For someone who prefers a rolling bag. Bonus feature: it's a light weight option.  Jet set in style with this playful Gucci duffle bag that can be used for a weekend trip or oversized day bag. Planning a getaway with your significant other this fall? Upgrade the trip with these luxe matching duffle bags.  If you can’t stop buying striped boat tops, we've found you a new version of the wardrobe essential. Ideal for a beach getaway, this lightweight canvas bags fits more than you'd expect.  You can’t go wrong with this classic Louis Vuitton duffle bag. Timeless and chic, it's perfect for the stylish jet setter.  The perfect touch of nautical, this navy and pebble bag will get you through all your weekend beach trips.  Camo is an unexpected luggage print worth testing out. This style is able to be personalized with your initials too.  It may appear small in scale, but this oversized tote will fit everything for your upcoming trip. Click the link for scale.  Brics travel bags are always a great classic option. This duffle is spacious and water resistant.
 Fall's hottest trend gets an update.  We've been spotlighting animal prints as one of Fall 2018's hottest trends but now, there's one in particular to watch: tiger. From the street style scene to Instagram, tiger print pieces have been emerging as this season's most-wanted animal print at Fashion Month. And if you already have leopard fatigue, usher in a little touch of tiger for a fresh alternative that will still act as a neutral in your wardrobe.  See how the fashion set is wearing the look and shop fall's must-have tiger prints now.  Go for a bold midi-length dress in the print that can be worn from day to night. Layer a blazer or cropped jacket over the look for the office or wear it with a pair of strappy heels for a night out.  All you need is a pair of boots and this sheer midi dress is instantly a LOOK.   🔥Dreamgirl @adwoaaboah wearing her Vivienne Tiger dress in London🔥 A post shared by  Réalisation Par (@realisationpar) on Aug 30, 2018 at 12:13am PDT After its leopard print skirt took over Summer 2018, Realisation Par's next must-have item is here with the Vivienne Tiger Dress. Snag it before it inevitably sells out.  Realisation Par tiger print dress, $250, realisationpar.com. SHOP NOW Now on sale, this cool girl-approved dress will take you through fall and winter. Wear it solo or add a leather moto jacket over top.  Trade in your go-to black fall jacket for a statement-making tiger print, which will still act as the perfect neutral with your wardrobe.  Proenza Schouler's cropped jacket is the perfect touch of '90s for those transitional temperatures.  Go bold or go home in Dolce & Gabbana's full-length tiger print coat that's sure to take your fall wardrobe to the next level.  Layer a cardigan or jacket over Proenza Schouler's sexy tiger print dress à la Liya Kedebe to take the piece into cooler temperatures.  ...Or the standout dress can be worn alone for a night out.   🦓❤️ A post shared by  elsa hosk (@hoskelsa) on Sep 27, 2018 at 6:54am PDT Take note from Elsa Hosk and wear your tiger print in shirt form with a pair of black pants.  Turtleneck season is officially upon us and this wild (but still slightly understated) print makes for the perfect layering piece to wear with a skirt, wide-leg pants, or just a pair of jeans.  Style the print with solid colors to really let it stand out.  For a more subtle take on the print, Chimi's printed sunglasses make for a small, but impactful way to get the look.  Whether day or night, these sexy print pumps will take any outfit to the next level without feeling overboard. 
 The designer, formerly of Saint Laurent, takes over February 1 After stunning the fashion world with news of Phoebe Philo's departure, Céline announced today that her replacement is Hedi Slimane. The former Saint Laurent creative director is taking the reigns beginning February 1 with the title artistic, creative and image director, with some addendums. According to BoF, Slimane will "expand the LVMH-owned label’s offering into menswear, couture and fragrance." His first show will be for Spring 2019 in Paris in September. “I am particularly happy that Hedi is back within the LVMH Group and taking the reins of our Céline maison,” LVMH chairman Bernard Arnault remarked in a press statement, “He is one of the most talented designers of our time. I have been a great admirer of his work since we collaborated on Dior Homme, which he launched to global critical acclaim in the 2000s. His arrival at Céline reinforces the great ambitions that LVMH has for this maison.”  Slimane helmed Dior Homme from 2000-2007 to great critical and financial success before launching his own men's and women's wear labels, while pursuing photography work. In 2012, Slimane took on the high profile position as creative director of YSL. While there he changed the brand's name to Saint Laurent, lent a sometimes critically divisive rocker-chic aesthetic to the brand and  more than doubled annual sales revenue to $787 million dollars in his first three years.  In March 2016, Slimane announced he was leaving Saint Laurent after his short tenure, with reports of issues with François Henri Pinault, chairman of the parent company of Yves Saint Laurent, Kering. He is now reunited with LVMH's Sidney Toledano in his new role. One thing is for sure, Slimane has some big, impressive, while-loved, furry shoes to fill at Philo's Céline. 
 You'll want to wear this everyday.  If you're a Proenza Schouler devotee like our editors, you're going to love the brand's line of accessible yet elevated basics, PSWL. And we found the dress that's like your favorite t-shirt you wish you could wear every day, but better. Featuring a cut-out detail with buttons you can customize to fit your mood and style, the ShopBAZAAR Hero is everything you want in a summer staple with a chic twist.  Proenza Schouler dress, $350, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW TRÉS CHIC Rebecca De Ravenel earrings, $375, shopbazaar.com, Proenza Schouler dress, $350, shopbazaar.com, Ulla Johnson bag, $425, shopbazaar.com, Giorgio Armani lipgloss, $30, shopbazaar.com, By Far sandal, $415, shopbazaar.com, Totéme scarf, $210, shopbazaar.com, Christian Louboutin Beauty nailpolish, $50, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW GIRL NEXT DOOR Illesteva sunglasses, $240, shopbazaar.com, Proenza Schouler dress, $350, shopbazaar.com, Khaite denim jacket, $580, shopbazaar.com, Loeffler Randall bag, $295, shopbazaar.com, Guerlain lipstick, $32, shopbazaar.com, Mansur Gavriel sandal, $475, shopbazaar.com, Aurelie Bidermann bracelet, $415, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW EDGE FACTOR Jennifer Fisher earrings, $550, shopbazaar.com, Linda Farrow sunglasses, $530, shopbazaar.com, Proenza Schouler dress, $350, shopbazaar.com, The Row bag, $2150, shopbazaar.com, Guerlain lipstick, $32, shopbazaar.com, Marc Jacobs boots, $395, shopbazaar.com, Chantecaille eyeshadow, $34, shopbazaar.com SHOP NOW
 Shop the look at every price point.  Making her first appearance as an engaged woman, Meghan Markle wore a stunning white wrap coat for her engagement photo call with Prince Harry this morning. Opting for a Canadian brand, the actress chose a coat by Toronto-based Line The Label, which is unfortunately unavailable to shop online. You can still get the royal-to-be's polished and chic outerwear look this season with any white or cream robe-like coat. From Mango to Ralph Lauren and The Row, shop white wrap coats at every price point that will have you royally bundled up à la a newly-engaged Markle.  Ralph Lauren coat, $288, ralphlauren.com. SHOP Estnation wrap coat, $550, farfetch.com. SHOP Mango coat, $230, mango.com. SHOP The Row cashmere cardigan, $2,890, net-a-porter.com. SHOP T Tahari wrap coat, $184, nordstrom.com. SHOP Steffen Schraut belted jacket, $167, stylebop.com. SHOP
 Super meets super in Stuart Weitzman's latest campaign.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Stuart Weitzman has a penchant for casting legendary supermodels in its campaigns. For the past five years, the shoe brand's ads have been fronted by the likes of Kate Moss, Gisele Bündchen, Natalia Vodianova, and Gigi Hadid—to name a few. For Spring 2018, however, the brand opted for a multi-generational mash-up of supermodels starring none other than Kate Moss and Gigi Hadid. The ads mark the first time the pair has ever modeled together. Shot by Mario Testino, Kate and Gigi appear arm-in-arm (and leg-in-leg) in two black and white photos, showcasing several of Stuart Weitzman's spring styles including the Iris mule and Fringe Dust crystal-embellished heels.   A second ad features the supermodel duo in black moto boots posing on top of male model Jordan Barrett, as you do.    Stuart Weitzman moto boots, $655, SHOP Gigi Hadid took to Instagram to share some behind-the-scenes photos along with her experience shooting alongside one of her modeling heroes, Kate the Great.  "I had the great honor and pleasure of shooting the new @stuartweitzman campaign with the one and only Kate. @katemossagency, I had the greatest time with you, and am forever touched by your spirit and presence," Hadid wrote.  In a behind-the-scenes video titled "Supermodel Sound Off," both models were interviewed on set about their hidden talents, Google habits, guilty pleasures, and more. Watch the full video below:  Spring 2018 is shaping up to be a season of supermodel-filled moments. Versace's spring runway show in Milan first staged a reunion of '90s supermodels including Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Claudia Schiffer, Helena Christensen, and Carla Bruni honoring the late Gianni Versace 20 years after his death. The fashion house then followed the spectacle with a Spring 2018 campaign featuring Christy Turlington, Naomi Campbell, Kaia Gerber, Gisele Bundchen, Gigi Hadid, and more. 
 Ethical, sustainable fashion have become buzz words, but these designers go above and beyond... There are no hard and fast rules about calling a fashion brand "sustainable" or "ethical." The simple fact is every brand should be creating clothing with as little waste and environmental impact as possible. We've all heard the stats, "The world uses 1.3 trillion gallons of water each year for fabric dyeing alone, enough to fill 2 million Olympic-sized swimming pools"; "The average consumer bought 60% more clothing in 2015 than 2000, but kept each garment half as long"; "The average American now generates 82 pounds of textile waste each year. That adds up to more than 11 million tons of textile waste from the U.S. alone." This all adds up to a double faced issue: the first is that manufacturing clothing is like a bitch slap to Mother Earth and the second is that an entire generation of consumers views clothing as a transient purchase, to be worn limited times—or not at all—and thoughtlessly discarded.  The trick then lies in either not buying clothing, buying only used or vintage clothing, or being incredibly choosy about the clothing we do buy. If we choose the latter (and if you're a reader of this site, let's be honest, you'll probably shop again) it's about making sure that what we buy is coming from brands that limit their use of natural resources and overall impact on the environment. Perhaps even more important than that, though,  is actually loving the few pieces we put our dollars behind so much that we plan on holding on to them for years to come—perhaps long enough to pass them along to a next generation. Here are four brands that hit the mark in four very different ways.  Founded in 2014 by designers Nicole Heim and Chelsea Healy, this New York-based brand makes ultra-special pieces locally and builds seasonally on a foundation of basics. Their latest collection for Fall is equal parts chic caftans, flirty animal-print dresses, and lavender suede trousers that somehow feel like closet basics—but so much more. Gigi Hadid, Gwyneth Paltrow, Emma Watson, and Naomi Watts are fans. Cienne was recently named the runner-up in the 2018 CFDA + Lexus Fashion* Initiative, and is a semi-finalist in the 2018/19 International Woolmark Prize.   What are the key differences in how you work versus a traditional fashion brand? Chelsea Healy: I think one key difference is the idea of purpose. We try to be purposeful in everything we do, from designing to producing to interaction with customers. This is something we felt passionate about from the very start and how we operate on a daily basis. We also hope that this comes through in our creative output. How did your prior work in the industry lead you to creating Cienne? Nicole Heim: After years of working as a designer for a large fashion brand, and spending a lot of time in overseas factories, I became intimately aware of what mass consumption looks like. Everything is digested in large amounts and at such a fast pace, and that comes at a cost. It personally started to really affect me—both as a consumer and as a designer. I began seeking out quality, creativity, and meaning in both my work and my life. I decided to quit my job and take a sabbatical in East Africa. It was a really transformational journey, and that work is what laid the foundation for Cienne. Thinking about how, why, and what we make is really important to me, and we set out to build that ideology in Cienne. I also felt the sustainable fashion available in the market had a specific aesthetic and messaging, I was really passionate about creatively reframing that. CH: When Cienne was coming to fruition, I had already been working in the industry for 10 years with a major fashion brand. I was able to gain experience in many areas of the industry over that course of time; including textile design, styling, and concept-color-apparel design. I fortunately was able to travel overseas and work on factory floors, so I really got familiar with the process and how garments were made first hand. At a company like Cienne, you have to be 100% hands on in every area of the business- so my knowledge and prior experience was critical for this next chapter, and I’m not sure how I could have done without it.   What did you feel was missing in the fashion conversation; what did you want to do differently? CH: I personally didn’t think anything in the market looked very unique, or it was very trend driven and overpriced. I value high-quality pieces you can invest in and have as a part of your wardrobe for years. We wanted to create fashion that felt both interesting and necessary;  with the idea that you could build a foundation for your wardrobe that could be enhanced upon season after season.   What do you dislike about how people talk about eco/sustainable/responsible fashion? NH: Sustainability in fashion is still a very new thing, and we're all still learning. It's incredibly complex and still lacks simple definition, so it's going to take education and time for us as an industry to accurately address what sustainability means to fashion in a more mainstream way. With that being said, what I dislike about the responsible fashion conversation is that if you're a fashion brand that cares about people and planet and treating both fairly, you fall into this bucket of a 'sustainable’ brand, and that can be the only thing people talk about. It's also a specific conversation that often involves the same words which lack definition and aspiration. I'm very much a purist when it comes to design and creativity. We put a great deal of effort and emotion into our creative process, and when we talk only about sustainability, it neglects the core of what we do—design. Fashion is about fantasy and emotion and discovery; I believe those things still need to be at the forefront of a brand, while values and vision and sustainability should be the foundation and a tool for how you do business. In my opinion, we will be successful when we can stop talking about sustainability as its own category or niche spot in the market, and instead come to expect it from the brands we buy from. How would you describe your aesthetic? CH: There are many words we use to describe Cienne’s aesthetic but my favorites are "Boldly subtle. Clean and feminine. Eclectic." NH: Our aesthetic is a mix of masculine and feminine, refined and playful, clean and bold. It's the juxtaposition and nuance of these traits that inspire us.    What do you think the future of fashion should look like? What is “ideal consumerism?” in your opinion? NH: Honestly, I'm not yet sure how we balance the concept of "ideal consumerism." I do think we must find new ways and models of operating. We have been in an age of excess and carelessness for so long that we have done irreparable damage. In my personal opinion, waste is my biggest concern, and the future of fashion must be about making and consuming only what we need, in addition to finding innovative ways to put what we've already made back into the system.  CH: I believe the future of fashion is going to be about breaking free of all the old codes. Right now, fashion is a machine! How much we produce, how often we produce—these are areas that need innovation. I feel it needs to slow down to speed up; meaning, how can we do more with less? Striking that balance is the future. To me, ‘ideal consumerism’ is about steering consumers to make investment purchases and see the value in paying more for a higher quality garment that they will get more use out of.  Marie Dewet launched MaisonCléo with her mom Cléo as a sort of French girl chic meets Supreme—on Instagram. Cléo is a seamstress and Marie hails from resale site Vestiaire Collective. The two only list items to go on sale once a week and the elder Dewet produces each of the 20-25 pieces herself—all made out of natural fabrications of silk, cotton, and linen leftovers sourced from Couture houses. It's an old-world approach that works that much better in the modern age of internet marketing—thanks to a multitude of blogger fans like Leandra Medine and celebs like Emily Ratajkowski. The sexy-but-cute and very French countryside vibe is perfectly in the fashion ethos right now—and special touches like a matching scrunchie for each look leave any idea that fast fashion is a good idea in its wake.  What are the key differences in how you work versus a traditional fashion brand? Marie Dewet: One of the main difference is we have no schedule to follow, we have no collection, no season, just creating the pieces that we want, when we want, depending on the fabrics we find. We don't produce any fabrics so it depends on what I can find next week or next month among the Couture Houses and fabric suppliers' leftovers. Also, all the pieces are handmade to order by my mother so there is no stock, so no loss. Thanks to that system my mother can tailor each piece according to the measurements of the client that you can send us by email after your order. It is also possible to ask for special demands like a higher neckline or longer or shorter sleeves. Why did you want to create Maison Cléo? Did working in the fashion industry affect your decision? Totally. I have worked in the fashion industry, so I have seen the processes of making clothing, how much it costs, how it is produced—and it really made me think. At the same time, a lot of "French" brands were bring created, but always made with synthetic fabrics and I hate that it's not pleasant to wear. I wanted to create something where the price breakdown would be detailed on each product page so people know what they buy. I also want to fight against the mass production and to show to everyone there is another way to consume. What did you feel was missing in the fashion conversation, what did you want to do differently? I see that people are really excited when they order something from our shop because they have to wait, that is someone we are not used to do today, and the waiting is very exciting. It feels like you are buying something unique, handmade just for you. I think everyone can wait one week or two to get something, especially when we are talking about a piece of clothing because we have other pieces to wear—so really there is no need to have it right away, right? What do you dislike about how people talk about eco/sustainable/responsible fashion? I don't think any of it is bad—the conversation about sustainable fashion is too important for our future not to be having. Perhaps, some people think the pieces are too expensive because they are used to buying their clothes at big fashion brands. But it's not their fault because they don't know how much it costs to produce a piece, how much time is needed, how much it costs for one meter of fabric, what taxes we have to pay—so we have to explain it to them. There is no transparency given by other brands, so they can't know, we have to tell them for them to be able to react, understand, and think about changing their way of consumption. How would you describe your aesthetic? Authentic. We have nothing to hide and as we are very simple people and I think you can feel that in the way we talk to our lovely clients. I often share videos of my mother sewing or packing the orders for example. What do you think the future of fashion should look like? What is “ideal consumerism?” in your opinion? A very personalized act of purchase, like in the past when you had to go to the tailor to have new clothes. A piece made with your own measurements—because nobody has the same type of body—that you receive at home, that's not mass produced in advance. I also like when items are produced locally, because they are from that country and because it's important to have people working working locally. I like buying from an Australian brand that makes their stuff in Australia, from Barcelona from a brand that is hand-making in Barcelona, or from a LA brand that is producing their label in LA...   Designers Anna Chiu and Valerie Santillo, named KAMPERETT as a melding of their mothers’ maiden names. The two bring backgrounds in fashion—Anna in childrenswear and knitwear after a stint studying pre-med and Valerie in lingerie with an innate talent for illustration and painter. The San Francisco-based pair who produce everything locally have become a go-to in the cool girl tech and art scenes in Northern Cali with plans to take over the world—including a recent foray into bridal.  What are the key differences in how you work versus a traditional fashion brand? Valerie Santillo: We are very hands-on and make everything in small batches at our local factory. We are able to walk over and monitor how our things are being made, and have a personal relationship with everyone who touches our clothes. Fashion has become so fast and all about the bottom line. We, of course, need to be a profitable business to exist, but we want to create something authentic and true to us, our values and aesthetic, and we are not willing to compromise on quality, labor wages, and selling out for the sake of making money. We still hand-paint pieces in each collection, a process that is slow and time consuming, but that creates one-of-a kind pieces with soul that customers really appreciate.  What did you feel was missing in the fashion conversation, what did you want to do differently? VS:  This question is always so hard to answer because we didn't set out with this as a goal in mind when we first created the line. I think all we wanted to do was convey a point of view, our collective voice, and have the opportunity to translate illustration or hand-painted aspect onto garments. I think we both just wanted to explore that creative aspect of ourselves. It wasn't like we set out to do something different from the fashion conversation, it was more of a personal endeavor.  What do you dislike about how people talk about eco/sustainable/responsible fashion? Anna Chiu: Often, it feels like a marketing tactic for some companies. It is how we conduct our business because we think it is our responsibility as humans and to the planet to manufacture ethically and as sustainably as possible. We operate this way because we think it is the right way, not because we want to hook people to buy our clothes.  How would you describe your aesthetic? VS: Effortless and sophisticated. I think the Kamperett woman is the one in the room that subtly stands out from everyone else without being showy, by exuding confidence in an understated way.  AC: Soulful, easy, chic, and sensual. What do you think the future of fashion should look like? What is “ideal consumerism?” in your opinion? AC: We think that people should buy what they want and what makes them feel good, but also know where it came from and be educated about how it was made. Ideal consumerism would be making educated purchases. Possibly spending a little more to buy clothes that will last and to support those who are making it in a fair and ethical way. As our grandmothers said, quality over quantity. I do think more and more people are starting to shop this way. VS: To buy and collect with purpose. Less is more. Treat your wardrobe as if it is a life collection, a living thing that grows over time and only adding pieces to it to it that have value.  Kowtow is like the OG of chic sustainable brands—it was launched in 2007 as a slow fashion label by Gosia Piatek. Kowtow takes sustainable production very seriously, beginning with fairtrade farmers in India growing non-Monsanto cotton seeds. "Farmers use companion planting, crop rotation, and on-site green waste composting. From there the 16-month-long process of seed to garment begins. Every small detail from the coloring, the design, and even the buttons (made without nickel) are all accounted for," according to the brand bio. The vibe is minimal with a punch and the perfect hint of pretty and Piatek does not shy from color. Kowtow currently has a store in New Zealand with plans to expand. What are the key differences in how you work versus a traditional fashion brand? Gosia Piatek: We only work with sustainable yarn that has an ethical production chain. Our cotton is certified fair trade by the Fairtrade Labelling Organisation and certified organic by the Global Organic Textile Standard. We have recently started working with New Zealand ZQ certified merino which has the highest standard in animal welfare. We use Italian-made recycled hemp buttons and nickel-free German made denim tacks.  We also sea ship all our production and are constantly working on new and innovative ways to improve our collection and workroom practices. We care about all the details and want to create positive impact with what we do.  Because of our ethical and sustainable production chain, we are required to work further in advance to most fashion brands. We do not work with fabric off the roll and instead develop our own from scratch—designing the warp, weft, color, weight, and wash. This means we have to start design 18 months prior to delivery and ensures we produce garments completely exclusive to us.  We recently opened our first flagship store in New Zealand and unlike other brands we ensured the store fit out was in line with our sustainability values. All our wood is sourced locally, paper lanterns are made with traditional techniques in Japan, the sofas are made from New Zealand wool, rugs are made from regenerated nylon, and counter-top tiles are hand made by a past collaborator. What did you feel was missing in the fashion conversation, what did you want to do differently?  When I started Kowtow 11 years ago, sustainability and ethics were not prevalent words in the fashion industry. I found that I could not speak too openly about this subject as people often associated sustainable fashion with design that wasn't desirable. Today, the fashion landscape could not be anymore different with large fast fashion chains now incorporating sustainable lines into their range. It is exciting to be able to talk to our customers about where our cotton and wool comes from, where our trims are sourced from and who makes our collections. We find that our customers are now so much more engaged in this subject and it's exciting to show them that we are at the forefront of the movement.   What do you dislike about how people talk about eco/sustainable/responsible fashion?  Sometimes consumers can just read a buzz word like "eco" or "sustainable" and buy it simply if the packaging has these words on it. However, I think there are massive differences how one brand does it to another and for many it is still token. For us, we work with fair-trade-certified farmers from seed to garment, we are a genuinely curious workplace and do not hold back from addressing the elephants in the room and are constantly coming up with solutions. How would you describe your aesthetic? Utilitarian, minimal, and understated femininity. What do you think the future of fashion should look like? What is “ideal consumerism?” in your opinion? Great question! What if our clothing was biodegradable? A wonderfully mastered circular economy where everything was recycled and reused. A world with no fashion waste. What if we could bring back manufacturing into every country rather than a small number of countries producing for the whole world? What if we purchased with our minds, not frivolously—and we cared, repaired, and cherished our clothing? In my heart I am hoping that we are working towards this greener and healthier future.
 Sister suit off.  From the runways to street style and beyond, pantsuits have been going through a major fashion revival for the past few seasons now (thanks in part to Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential run). But Bella and Gigi Hadid just took the look to new territory while out in Paris.  In the midst of Paris Fashion Week, the model sisters were both spotted leaving the Royal Monceau hotel in statement-making suits. Instead of taking the classic jacket and trousers route, both Gigi and Bella opted for a twist on the trend.  Gigi stepped out in a bright blue satin set hand-painted with colorful flowers by Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood. Lending a sporty, track pant-inspired vibe to the look, her trousers featured a stripe down the leg. She topped off the art-infused suit with clear PVC sandals and jeweled drop earrings.     Bella, meanwhile, opted for a short skirt suit by Fendi. Proving logomania is officially back, the younger Hadid sister's suit was covered in the brand's logo. She topped it off with small, Matrix-inspired sunglasses, black tights, and classic pumps for a modern-day Working Girl vibe.  Spotted on countless Fall 2018 runways this season, the retro skirt suit is back in full force—and naturally Bella was amongst the first to test-drive the look off the runway. Though each Hadid opted for a different take on the look, both proved the suit is going to new heights this season—whether in the form of a colorful satin look á la Gigi or an '80s-inspired Working Girl version à la Bella. 
 Tyler Joe captures the best dressed fashion week guests... We're on the last leg of the Spring 2020 collections, but rather than start to falter towards the end, fashion month show-goer's really bring it for the Paris runways. See what the chic set wears to take in fresh seasons of Dior, Chanel, Vuitton, Loewe and more. Vittoria mixes corduroy blazers with cropped knits. Julie layers menswear inspired pieces with ease. Tamu loves a bold, statement coat. Fair Isle knits are always a good idea. These gold Chanel boots are luxury gone fun. Bettina Looney wears a black croc coat, belted at the waist. Anna Vitiello's Chanel skirt from the Egypt collection is beyond cool. This '80s Chanel jacket is the best find. Leather in the rain calls for a cute umbrella.  Charlotte's look melds pink, red, and plaid. A yellow Chanel power suit is a new wish list item. Aspen but make it Chanel. Aleali May's pearl Chanel belt is a keeper. Wide leg jeans get the Chanel treatment on Camilla. Nausheen wears an '80s Chanel look perfectly. Julie's white suit is cut beautifully. A double-breasted plaid suit calls for a great bucket hat. Tiffany's headband brings this feminine jacket look together. Christy of NYC Bambi goes bold in gold booties. How many times can you say Chanel? This gold skirt and sparkly Miu Miu heels is bold but utterly wearable on Tamu. Sylvie's all black look is as sleek as it gets. Lisa's quilted Bottega coat is a standout of the season. This bold-shoulder leather jacket is so on trend. Kerry Pieri wears a Chanel jacket from the Egypt collection. Amanda Alagem knows a good knit dress when she sees it. This cozy jacket goes well with a classic Fendi bag. Erin's cape coat makes a sweeping statement. Christine's Louis Vuitton dress is cool and flattering. Brittany Xavier goes for a mini skirt and plaid jacket, also by LV. This is a power LV moment. Erika's florals and bold god necklace are a new approach to evening. Vuitton logo pants are a collectible. Nikki and Sally take in the Louvre before Vuitton. Sometimes all a girl needs is a pencil skirt and button down. Jennifer Connolly makes the case for a great pair of black trousers. Justin and Jessica make couples' dressing chic. Laura's bubble skirt is flirty and fun. Sometimes it's all about the belt.  Shades of brown and a Petar Petrov blazer add up to a 70s inspired look on Alex Carl. What's not to love about a great trench? Lindsay Peoples Wagner makes the case for white poplin dresses all year long. A neck scarf makes this whole look. Cinches ankles are all the rage. There's nothing to love more than laughter and that tan Loewe skirt. When in doubt, layer your white tops. Sweater dresses work best with knee high boots and a good scooter. We love the simple layering on Yoyo Kulala. Amanda Alagem takes military to new levels in Louis Vuitton. Kerry Pieri wears Chanel with Esse pants. This look is all about great bangs. We love a menswear shirt over a fun crop top. Gabriella doesn't shy from mixed prints and bold colors. Nikki's pearl sunglass chain is a game changer.  Aemelia mixes eras and proportions like a pro. This head scarf adds a beautiful color profile. Alyssa sells the oversized suit. This ethereal dress is a winner. A suit, but not a suit. Kerry Pieri wears Magda Butrym pants and an Orseun Iris jacket. Megan Reynold's green jacket is perfectly elegant. Tiffany's pants tucked into boots are perfect.  Caroline Daur interesting black look is anything but boring. White boots and a white bag are utterly refreshing. Jessica keeps her look cool and tie dyed. Miguel's plaid kilt and geometric sweater make for a cool combo. Amanda Alagem wears a plaid Brock suit. Christine kills it in polka dots. A shorts suit is a huge trend for next season. Kate Lanphear keeps things mysterious. Kate Davidson Hudson's fair isle Altuzarra sweater is cozy and cute. Xenia's cropped jacket feels super modern. Olivia Palermo wears her dress over pants. We love a suit and boots moment. Shades of yellow are a refreshing idea. Nikki keeps her look graphic in black and white. Pernille's quilted leather is the coolest, and pairs wonderfully with linen trousers. Michelle's statement hat is an eye-catcher. We love how simple and cool Nausheen's look is. For when basics just don't apply. We love a coordinated duo. Elsa Hosk and her boyfriend pair perfectly together. Nikki's Dries van Noten top is amazing. Maisie is perfection in Thom Browne. Here for a Cardi in Paris shot. A Thom Browne dog bag is a classic. More blue is more. Sometimes a classic trench needs that something extra. Kerry Pieri wears Valentino. Bettina's Loewe bag matches her dress to a t. Xenia wears a bold shoulder Isabel Marant top. Candice's bold headband almost feels royal. Very special pieces, mixed together effortlessly. This whole preppy set-up is too cool. Kate's shades of cream and white are gorgeous. A mommy and me moment for the books. Tamu's bow and purple coat are nothing but fun. These jeans are for the bold and beatiful. A BAZAAR team in action. Yoyo's pink shoes are a welcome surprise. This is all about the Fendi logo and this major eye. A great blue suit is a new staple. These graffiti print trousers are a true statement. Pearls never had it so edgy. A headscarf makes the look. Nikki Ogunnaike lets her jacket do the talking. Wear some sheer gloves when you're feeling truly glam.  These Loewe shades are a game-changer. Nuasheen knows the impactof a great power jacket. A trench is a must, always. Kate Lanphear's Chanel jacket is a winner. A black suit doesn't have to be basic. We love this casual mix and pop of red.  Caroline Daur carries the mini bag. Bella Hadid mixes shades of brown. This Margiela bag makes a statement. Megan Reynolds takes Paris in studs and snake print. Tiffany Hsu's jacket and skirt set is the coolest skirt suit we've seen. This bag is a futuristic stand out. This look feels like old school Isabel Marant in the best way. Shotts suits for the win. Clean white denim and a white jacket act as a chic suit here. Christine Centenera makes denim look dressed up. Gabriella keeps her look monochromatic all the way to her rose. Black leather and a head scarf for the win. Sporty but make it fashion. These red boots might be all we need for fall. Michelle Elie mixes color and print like a star, and wears the combat boot of the season. This Margiela bag is avant-garde but completely wearable. Nicole Chapoteau shows how to wear a zebra boot and keep your look streamlined. A great military coat is forever, as worn on Yoyo Kulala. Pernille keeps it autumnal-toned. These jeans feel like a denim revelation. Caroline Daur makes a cape feel wearable. Why not mix plaids? Linda Tol wears an interesting shaped leather jacket. A white suit is always a good idea. We love a preppy sweater strewn over the shoulders. A good trench and chic sandals are all a girl needs. This oversized Khaite bag is a statement we can get behind. Light rain calls for a chic bucket hat. Evangelie wears a Paco Rabanne skirt with a cashmere turtleneck sweater. This blue Paco Rabanna dress is a winner. Lisa Aiken mixes grays like a pro. Consider Julia Gall a Valentino superwoman.  Tina Leung is taking the athleisure trend to high fashion places in Marine Serre leggings. This stylish duo brings blues to Paris. Aemilia Madden is graphic and black and white, offset with red sandals. We also get excited about a good Wandler bag. Snake print leather pants are becoming a fashion staple. A leather blazer with statement shoulders feels super current.  Stay germ free, but make it fashion. It's all about a sheer skirt at Dior. Pernille got the all-black memo. This Dior bucket hat perfectly melds ladylike glamour and bucket hat cool. A cozy sweater makes for a great counterpart to a feminine tulle skirt. The mix of Buffalo plaid and a sexy silhouette is killer. Aimee Song is ready for acid wash. Camo is a trend that started in the Fall and is continuing to the Spring 2020 runways.  The color play here is one to bookmark.
 "A show like this is a game changer and a hope creator," says model Candice Huffine. Tonight, 11 Honoré will stage their first ever runway show to kick off the New York Fashion Week's Winter 2019 season. The luxury e-commerce site, which launched in 2016, has been disrupting the fashion industry's slim standards as it specifically caters to women sizes 10 and up. Prabal Gurung, Christopher Kane, Altuzarra, Marc Jacobs and many more high fashion brands who have traditionally only provided up to sizes 10 or 12, have all risen to the task of providing extended sizing for the site.  Patrick Herning, founder of 11 Honoré, knows just how important it is for their customers to see themselves being represented in the media and major events at New York Fashion Week. "As a company, we thrive on being first. We were first to market as the first multi-designer e-commerce platform for the plus customer and we are thrilled to be able to continue providing luxury designer options for her. My biggest hope is that people will see the value and beauty of what we're doing and understand further the shift that is happening within the fashion industry and our culture as becoming more diverse and inclusive." So what better what to kick things off than with a fabulous runway show at Spring Studios and tapping the best of the industry to get involved. Elizabeth Stewart, celebrity stylist to A-list names such as Cate Blanchett, Gal Gadot and Viola Davis, has been brought on to style the runway debut. The stylist says the transition between red carpet to runway is simple, "I am working with strong, confident and beautiful women who can wow and inspire the world regardless of their size." But she recognizes just how big of a moment this really is. "It’s really important to me that all aspects of my work are inclusive. The site has already had a huge impact on women who wear over a size 12, giving them access to designers they have never had access to before…now we are spreading the word further!" Stewart told Bazaar.   Top model Candice Huffine will do the honors of opening tonight's show at Spring Studios, as she's been apart of the 11 Honoré family from the start. "There’s a bigger picture to what I feel 11 Honoré will accomplish this Fashion Week. Yes, it’s about clothing at the end of the day, but really look at everything a show like this represents and tell me there isn’t a vital need for this kind of inclusion always," says Huffine. "A show like this is a game changer and a hope creator and I think the energy it will bring to this week will change the landscape of fashion forever."     
 Statement earrings ruled the runways in New York and London.  Get ready to let your statement-making jewelry do all the talking come Spring 2018. From asymmetrical designs to embellished ear cuffs, over-the-top earrings are ruling the runways this season. But don't count out the bold necklaces, arm cuffs, and anklets accessorizing spring's top looks too. As the new collections unfold in New York, London, Milan, and Paris, we're tracking all the best baubles to hit the runway. Click through to see some of the standouts so far.
 Twiggy, Jane Birkin, and more show how true seventies style is done.  There’s a reason the 1970s continues to be one of the most stylish decades of all time. From flares to bell sleeves, shearling coats, and mini skirts, the ‘70s birthed an eclectic mix of style influences that evolved quickly in a 10-year span. Skirts got shorter, boots got taller, and a range of style icons like Jane Birkin and Jean Shrimpton helped spearhead some of the era’s most memorable fashion moments. Take a look back at some of the looks that helped define the decade's style—and continue to inspire today.  Goldie Hawn looks summer-ready in her yellow ruffled crop top and navy skirt.  Italian TV presenter, actress, singer, and showgirl Raffaella Carrà sports a floral-printed silk nightgown with puffy bell sleeves.  Lounging in a wicker hanging chair with floral accents, a model is wears a long-sleeved tunic with sparkling tights and metallic cap-toe shoes.  Jackie Kennedy steps out in a classic black turtle neck, belted coat, and perfectly tailored trousers. A mini skirt-clad look that walked the runway at Pierre Cardin's fashion show in Berlin, Germany.  Olivia Newton John wears a fur chubby and matching hat with red wide-leg pants while out in London.  Iconic '60s supermodel Jean Shrimpton lounges on a couch while wearing a floral mini dress and black Mary Jane shoes.   Showcasing a dramatic take on '70s glamour, a model wears a sequin-embellished cape jumpsuit paired with oversized earrings.   A fashion editorial from the pages of Cosmopolitan features a chicly suited up woman—complete with the decade's signature oversized sunglasses—at a cafe.  Catherine Deneuve layers a menswear vest over a classic green blouse, floral print knee-length skirt, and brown leather knee-high boots. A model accessorizes her floral dress with a beret, choker necklace, and bangles.  Stylish suiting will always be in. A model wears a white tailored suit with a crocheted beret while backstage at Chanel's Haute Couture show in Paris.  Diane von Furstenberg and husband Prince Egon von Fürstenberg wear matching checked button down shirts and belted trousers.  It doesn't get more '70s than a multicolor patchwork dress featuring dramatic bell sleeves. A model wears a babydoll-inspired set with a wide-brim hat and espadrille sandals while out in a park. All leather everything. This casual red t-shirt keeps the burgundy patent leather hat, jacket and matching mini skirt paired with a black patent leather boot from looking overdone. A woman wears a wide-leg jumpsuit by Pembroke Squires of Cabana complete with cut-out details at the back. Even when she hung out on bales of hay, Jean Shrimpton always looked polished and put-together. Proving the classic style formula of solid-colored button-up and tailored pants, are always a good look. Model Celia Hammond, who is now an activist against the fur industry, was snapped rocking a cozy shearling coat over her top, mini skirt, and knee-high boots.  Mod mini dresses and white over-the-knee boots were a staple outfit formula from the early 1970s. A fashion model looks lady-like and youthful in her matching separates. Her fuchsia scarf tied around her hat adds a fun pop of color to her otherwise natural full look. Channeling a Western-inspired look, a model wears a midi dress with knee-high striped socks tucked into a pair of cowboy boots.  Milanese model Elizabeth Douglas-Drury dons an ultra-warm sable coat by Zibellino Russo at the brand's fashion show.  A woman shows off a colorful faux fur coat by designer Ossie Clark while walking down the street. Hanging out on the beach, a model wears an orange sleeve jumpsuit with her collar flipped up and the front zipper, pulled down to which adds an adventurous element to her otherwise laidback fit.  Posing in a décolletage-baring jumpsuit from Lolli Popowska, this model pairs the daring look with a pair of crimplene stocking shoes complete with a low-heel.  A model shows off a chunky crocheted poncho with a thigh-baring slit.  Model Moica Platne is photographed in a black and silver print  dress and a matching headscarf.  Posing in fall foliage, this model wears a hooded fall coat featuring houndstooth detailing with a pair of boots.  A blue polka maxi dress  hailing from Christian Dior's 1970 Spring/Summer Haute Couture collection.
 50% of proceeds from each necklace will be donated to the ACLU Women’s Rights Fund. Ruth Bader Ginsburg has used her Supreme Court position to advocate for women's rights and equality for decades now. But in the process, the Justice has also become a style icon in her own right—namely for her many statement-making collars. To celebrate her legacy, Banana Republic is reissuing one of RBG's most famous accessories, her "dissent collar," and it's all for a good cause.  Since 2012, RBG has worn the same sparkling Banana Republic bib necklace as a sartorial way to express her disapproval. She frequently wears it whenever she disagrees with a Supreme Court decision and more notably, she also opted to wear it the day after Donald Trump was elected President in 2016. The Justice once told Katie Couric that she chose the piece as her "dissent collar" simply because it "looked fitting for dissents." (And that is why they call her the Notorious RBG, folks.)  RBG: "This is my dissenting collar… It looks fitting for dissents." pic.twitter.com/luNmrN4BCX Because we all have reason to frequently show our dissent these days, Banana Republic is reissuing the Supreme Court justice's original collar necklace for a limited time. The brand is donating 50% of proceeds from each necklace sold to the ACLU Women’s Rights Project, which was co-founded by Bader Ginsberg to advocate for gender equality and women’s economic rights.  
  Now available for pre-order, the $98 Notorious RBG-approved necklace has (unsurprisingly) already sold out. The good news, however, is that Banana Republic plans to produce another order of the coveted necklaces. For now, those wanting their own RBG dissent collar can DM @bananarepublic on Instagram with their email address to be added to the wait-list.   The response to our Dissent Collar Necklace has been tremendous — and heartwarming. In just a few hours, we pre-sold all units of the necklace that were made in limited edition for January delivery. Given the overwhelming response, we are working quickly to create additional quantities.  Head to the #LinkInBio to be added to the waitlist and notified when we re-stock. Thank you for standing with us to support equality and the @aclu_nationwide Women’s Rights Project. ❤️ ➡️ bit.ly/DissentCollarBR A post shared by  Banana Republic (@bananarepublic) on Jan 8, 2019 at 10:57am PST
 The Stella McCartney dress can now be yours.  Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan Markle's royal wedding may have been over 6 months ago, but if you thought we'd moved on from all the looks, think again. While there were several noteworthy dresses (including two wedding gowns from the bride), one guest in particular stood out that day: Amal Clooney.  Donning a bright canary-yellow Stella McCartney dress and matching veiled hat, the human rights lawyer stunned in her wedding guest look and now, it's finally available to shop.  Featuring a square neckline, cap sleeves, and draped asymmetrical train, the sunny dress has aptly been named the "Amal Tie-Back Crepe Dress" by the brand. Making for the perfect guest attire for a spring wedding (royal or not), the Stella McCartney design is available to shop at Matches Fashion for $1,995.  Though there were several standout fashion moments at the May wedding—from Priyanka Chopra's lavender Vivienne Westwood dress to Serena Williams' pink Versace frock—Amal's was one of the most-talked-about guest looks from the event. According to fashion search engine Lyst, the dress garnered 17,000 searches for ‘yellow Stella McCartney dress' by people from 65 different countries in the week following the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's nuptials.  Looks like wedding guest season is about to get a lot brighter this spring. 
 The supermodel made another rare runway appearance at Paris Fashion Week.  After walking the runway at last week's Versace show alongside fellow '90s supermodels, Naomi Campbell made another catwalk cameo tonight at Off-White's Spring 2018 show in Paris.  The super walked the runway in a white ruffled blazer and cropped spandex leggings featuring an 'Off' logo. Campbell's look, along with Off-White's entire spring collection, was inspired by Princess Diana. Over the summer, creative director Virgil Abloh revealed this season would pay homage to the late royal's style, coinciding with the 20th anniversary of her tragic death this past August. As for Naomi's look, it combined both Diana's penchant for tailored jackets as well as the casual athleticwear she donned during her downtime.  Abloh's moodboard for the collection featured eight of Diana's most distinct styles labeled as: Charity, Mom, Being a Princess, Night, Young Diana, Countryside Girl, Casual, and Jogging. It seems as though Campbell's look was a cross between "Jogging" Diana and "Being A Princess" Diana.   " one woman, 40 @off____white looks in the works come september " A post shared by @ virgilabloh on Jul 26, 2017 at 6:28am PDT After leading the finale runway walk, Campbell then posed with Off-White designer Virgil Abloh, whom she soon after congratulated on Instagram.  .@NaomiCampbell working 👏 it 👏 in @virgilabloh's Off-White #PFW show [via IG/jamorr] pic.twitter.com/KpGprI1Jti Icon recognize icon. 
 The supermodel was glowing on the red carpet.  Miranda Kerr has kept a low profile since confirming her second pregnancy in November—but last night she proudly displayed her growing bump on the carpet of the Warner Bros.'s Golden Globes afterparty.  The supermodel, who arrived without husband Evan Spiegel, wore a sexy curve-hugging Balmain halter gown with black leopard print—keeping in theme with the night of showing solidarity with women and the Time's Up movement. The former Victoria's Secret Angel looked excited to be a mother for the second time, holding her baby bump as she posed for the photographers.  And the health-conscious mom couldn't resists a dessert station at the afterparty, she posted a video on Instagram of herself taking a bite out of a glazed donut.   😋🤰🏻🍩 A post shared by  Miranda (@mirandakerr) on Jan 7, 2018 at 10:32pm PST Kerr married the Snapchat founder in an intimate ceremony at the couple's home in May of 2017. Over the weekend they celebrated Kerr's first son, whom she shares with ex-husband Orlando Bloom, Flynn's 7th birthday.   Happy Birthday to my little angel ❤️ 🎂😇🙏🏻✨ A post shared by  Miranda (@mirandakerr) on Jan 6, 2018 at 6:37pm PST There has been no word on the sex of Kerr and Spiegel's first child or when the baby is due. 
 Envisioning a more inclusive industry.  The fashion industry has always been exclusive—but even more so if you happened to be above a size 10 or 12. If you've ever eyed a runway look for next season’s wardrobe, chances are the brand wouldn’t make it in your size, unless you went straight to the designer for a custom-made dress.  But now, 11Honoré is out to change that game completely. Founded in 2017 by Patrick Herning and Kathryn Retzer, the online retailer just raised $8 million in Series-A financing from Redpoint Ventures and is working with some of today's top designers from Michael Kors to Zac Posen, Brandon Maxwell, Jonathan Simkhai and beyond on extended sizing for historically underserved customers. "We are leading the conversation around size inclusive designer fashion. Our customer deserves a luxury shopping experience and an even better edit of clothing. In the current retail landscape, whether ecommerce or brick and mortar, sizes 12 and above are rarely stocked,” says Herning, whose company is also helping provide the technology for designers who are interested in creating a wider size run.   11Honoré is “disrupting the high-end fashion market,” as Herning says, and it is clear in every facet, from their business model to the creative. This season they've selected model-on-the-rise Precious Lee to front their Spring 2018 campaign. "Precious is a trailblazer in the fashion industry and has been an outspoken advocate for diversity and inclusivity in fashion. Precious has broken down walls in this industry and we had the best time collaborating with her to show the world that luxury comes in all shapes and sizes," says Retzer who oversees 11Honoré’s creative direction.   No one lives the 11Honoré life more than Ms, Lee. The Atlanta native said she was always a fan of high fashion, but struggled to find clothes in her size. “Women of larger sizes want access to high end brands and 11Honoré is giving it to them—I think it’s genius and long awaited,” Lee told Bazaar.com. Lee knows that her position as a model has also afforded her a platform to affect change—one that she does not take lightly. “My job is not just a model, but I’m also an activist. I’m putting in the work to make a shift in how society views beauty and that to me is priceless.”  She didn't originally set out to be in the pages of magazines though, Lee was planning to be an attorney. "I’ve always had a love for advocacy and inspiring people. So when I was approached to become a 'plus' model, I realized that my work could empower and inspire people on a larger platform. It’s so rewarding for me to know that my work is helping young girls and women love themselves more by seeing me in editorials, campaigns and commercials. I’m a size 14/16,  I’m black and I want to show that fashion has a place for us."  As a black woman and plus-size model, Lee is more than aware of how the fashion industry typically favors and promotes a narrow view of beauty. She’s faced pushback on everything from her name to her hair and breast size. Her first agency changed her name to Victoria Lee as they we were worried about any negative connotations or associations with the movie “Precious” starring Gabourey Sidibe.    Even within plus-size specific jobs, 5-foot-11 beauty has been no stranger to criticism. “I’ve had people tell me my boobs were too big and even suggest a reduction, but I refuse to alter my body for the sake of other’s opinion. My opinion matters most and I love my boobs. Boobs are chic too, you know?” As Lee said, she's determined to prove that there is a place for everyone in this industry. Nevertheless, it's obvious that there's still much improvement to be made. So, where would the model like to see the fashion community in five years? "I’d love to see designers include women of color and larger sizes in campaigns on a regular. Not as a gimmick or fad. But as a desired model because there are so many beautiful women we can display. Why stay stagnant in thought when it comes to fashion— an industry that I always expected to be freeing and innovative. Why is the industry hell bent on the same ole same ole? I hope designers existing and to-come are not afraid to show a real representation of beauty, which is boundless. A strong, sexy, size-16, black woman that knows how to take an epic picture deserves magazine covers, I mean,  why not?" Why not, indeed! 
 See the top models from the '60s to today making their runway debut.  You may know your favorite supermodels by their legendary runway walks, hang-on-the-wall-worthy fashion editorials, and iconic sense of style, but what about the catwalk that kicked off their runway career? From '60s It model Twiggy to the supers of the '90s and the top models of today, we're taking a look back at the runways that helped skyrocket these models onto the radar.  1967 Halston Resort 1974 Mary McFadden Fall 1976 Perry Ellis 1979 Yves Saint Laurent Fall 1987 Michael Kors Spring 1988 Michael Kors Spring 1988 Chanel Couture Spring 1989 John Galliano Spring 1990 Donna Karan Spring 1991 Ralph Lauren 1993 1990  Chanel Couture Fall 1991 Jil Sander Fall 1992 Jil Sander Fall 1992 Yves Saint Laurent Spring 1992 Chanel Fall 1993 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 1997 Alexander McQueen Spring 1998 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 1999 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2000 Diane von Furstenberg Spring 2001 Calvin Klein Fall 2002 Jesus del Pozo Spring 2003 Wayne Cooper 2003 Prada Fall 2003 Miu Miu Fall 2004 Cynthia Steffe Spring 2005 Vivienne Tam Spring 2005 Heatherette Fall 2005
 Karl Lagerfeld delivers yet another incredible set at Paris Fashion Week.  Chanel doesn't do simple or understated when it comes to runway shows—and this season was no exception. For Spring 2019, Karl Lagerfeld transformed Paris's Grand Palais into Chanel By The Sea—a sandy and serene beach getaway complete with its own ocean and on-duty lifeguard.  Of course, if there's anywhere we'd like to escape to right now, it's Chanel Beach. Models walked barefoot, carrying their shoes in hand as they walked the sand-filled runway. The scenic beachscape was even complete with its own tiki hut and mini boardwalk, which Karl later took his final bow on.   Went to the beach this morning @chanelofficial A post shared by  Reese Blutstein (@double3xposure) on Oct 2, 2018 at 2:44am PDT  Chilling at the beach with the @chanelofficial girls 🖤🖤 #ChanelByTheSea #ChanelSpringSummer A post shared by  Caroline de Maigret 🇫🇷 (@carolinedemaigret) on Oct 2, 2018 at 3:20am PDT As for the collection, it was the kind of beachwear that would make you want to book a one-way ticket to Chanel Beach stat. There were oversized straw hats, vacation-ready swimsuits, and Chanel logos in the form of belts, bathing suits, and cardigans.  Along with a lineup of colorful sundresses and swimwear looks, there were still bouts of classic Chanel signatures like tweed and suiting, which were reinvented for a more laid-back and summery setting—especially ideal if you have to take a meeting on the Mediterranean.  There were some surprises, namely that bike shorts and even leggings have officially landed the Chanel seal of approval. After taking over street style and appearing on countless runways this season, the throwback spandex look hit the runways at Chanel, too. They were styled with oversized tweed blazers and matching print sweater sets that elevated the look.  Accessory-wise, there were bags and sandals that will have us all counting down the days until next spring/summer. An array of colorful logo sandals were carried down the runway in pinks, blues, and a classic black and white logo flat that's sure to take over amongst the fashion crowd next season.  Most interesting, however, was the fact that models carried not one, but two Chanel handbags at a time. After all, more is more in the land of Chanel. 
 Denim on denim is having a moment.  When it comes to style, Rihanna and Kendall Jenner work two very different sides of the fashion spectrum. The former is known to rock risk-taking, high-fashion looks both on and off the red carpet, while the latter has mastered a seasoned model off-duty look. But last night, the unthinkable occurred when the two stepped out in different cities wearing the same outfit.   While in London, Bad Gal Riri left the Arts Club in Mayfair in a denim jacket and matching jeans. Meanwhile in Los Angeles, Jenner also took the Canadian tuxedo route and doubled up on a lighter-wash denim jacket and jeans.   Each making the look their own, Rihanna topped her look off with a pair of red velvet heels whereas Kendall opted for a sleek pair of black patent boots. Whether your style resonates more with the singer or the model, it's clear to see denim on denim is here to stay for fall. 
 Mariel Sholem caters to the world's most elite shoppers—think private jets and dinner with Donatella Versace. This is her world. Picture this: You’re standing in the Sistine Chapel, marveling at Michelangelo’s frescoed ceiling in silent reverence. The room is nearly empty, and the usual throngs of tourists are nowhere to be found. It’s just you, the guards, and your personal shopper from Saks. That might sound like a dream, but it's exactly what Mariel Kriss Sholem and her team can do. Sholem is the Director of SaksFirst Limitless, the invite-only premium rewards program for the department store’s spend-iest shoppers.   On that morning in Italy, dressed in head-to-toe Louis Vuitton, a SaksFirst Limitless client entered the historic chapel at dawn before anyone else was allowed in. “That’s when I thought: ‘Wow, we really can make anything happen,’” says Sholem.  Becoming a client requires consistent Saks loyalty, which boils down to at least half a dozen store visits a year and a spend threshold in the six figures.  To put that into perspective, base-level customers who spend up to $5,000 a year are considered Premier status. Three levels away are the Diamond-status members, who are required to drop $25,000 a year or more. Both of those programs include a points-based reward system for every dollar spent. The SaksFirst Limitless program is like Diamond status on steroids. It's a membership so exclusive that it’s rarely promoted and its experiences are never publicized—until now.   In a different life, Sholem could have been a politician. At Emory University, the International Studies Major thought she was bound for work in law or government. After college, her marketing concentration led her into the advertising agency world.  It wasn’t until she joined Chanel—and remained there for the next seven years—that she would learn to both entertain and troubleshoot at such a glamorous level. “As soon as I started at Chanel, their world of luxury and the idea of captivating a customer became something I was fascinated with,” she recalls. Now, she manages the coordination and execution of these personalized fashion experiences. In layman’s terms, that means offering the best of the best to the highest-tier shoppers. Her days include lunches at L’Avenue at Saks—the newly-opened restaurant inside the Saks Fifth Avenue flagship—studio visits with some of Saks’ designers, and galas after work to support different clients’ philanthropic efforts. Year-round, she’s planning for the biannual whirlwind that is Fashion Month.     . .        Every day is different, because every experience is tailored to a unique client. “There truly is not a one-size-fits-all approach, and we evaluate invitations to the program based on a variety of criteria,” Sholem insists. On average, about 150 to 250 invitations are sent a year. To date, only 300 Saks shoppers are a part of the program. An annual spend of at least $100,000 isn’t the only requirement to become a SaksFirst Limitless member. Clients are also selected based off of how interested they are in fashion experiences and luxury brands, as well as their relationship with their sales associate.  "A healthy obsession for ready-to-wear and a penchant for fine jewelry helps," says Sholem. Loose translation: Fashion fanatics who swim in Carolina Herrera, Valentino, and Chanel; who shop enough at Saks to consider their sales associate a close friend; and who can also drop tens of thousands of dollars on clothes, shoes, and accessories—routinely. SaksFirst Limitless members are routinely flown all over the world. Clients have gone to Florence to be the first to view Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele’s new jewelry collection. (Also included in that trip: a private tour of Gucci Garden; wine tastings at vineyards favored by the fashion house; and luggage filled to the brim with straight-off-the-runway—you guessed it—Gucci.)  A different client might make a large Cartier transaction at Saks on a Monday, then privately tour its watch-making factory in Geneva on a Tuesday. Another might fly to Lake Tahoe for the Oscar de la Renta resort show; earlier that day, they would have been dressed by a Saks stylist in that collection.  “Clients at this level have such great loyalty to Saks that we can make anything happen. Anything is possible,” explains Sholem. On one very rare occasion, the Graff family opened the doors to their very private, highly secured luxury jewelry vault. Inside a nondescript building in London, SaksFirst Limitless shoppers toured the busy workshop teeming with artisans and some of the rarest gems in the world. “Who could forget a free-standing 25-carat diamond?” recalls Sholem. Sholem and her team don't just triage a problem should one arise; they perform the concierge equivalent of surgical repair. In the event that the luggage is delayed, a SaksFirst Limitless team member will ensure a client isn't stuck waiting at the airport. Instead, they'll be comfortable—and distracted—in a premier hotel suite or at one of the city's most hard-to-get-into restaurants. As awe-inducing as some of the most extravagant experiences are—a private tour of Coco Chanel’s apartment, attending the Royal Ascot with the royal family—smaller-scale efforts make up the DNA of the SaksFirst Limitless program. For Sholem, the devil is in the details. The experience that really delivers that wow-factor? Surprisingly, it's Saturday Night Live. “Let me tell you,” says Sholem. “It’s the most impossible ticket to get.” Styled by Allison Bornstein, Hair and makeup by Ellen Guhin
 An exec from the company confirmed the news.   This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. After months of reports and speculation, Victoria's Secret has confirmed that it will not host its annual runway show this year. Stuart B. Burgdoerfer, executive vice president of Victoria's Secret parent company, L Brands, spoke about the cancellation in a phone call with analysts, WWD reports.  "We think it’s important to evolve the marketing of Victoria’s Secret. There will be more to come as that continues to get evaluated," he said.  “[The show] was a very important part of the brand building of this business and was an important aspect of the brand and a remarkable marketing achievement," he added, per WWD. "And with that said, we’re figuring out how to advance the positioning of the brand and best communicate that to customers and that’s among the things that [Victoria’s Secret chief executive officer] John [Mehas] is focused on.” The move comes months after the lingerie brand made noticeable changes to appear more inclusive following backlash, such as collaborating with Bluebella and featuring plus-size model Ali Tate Cutler in the campaign, and hiring its first openly-transgender model, Valentina Sampaio, for its athletic line, VS Pink.  It was first speculated in May that Victoria's Secret could be cancelling its famous runway extravaganza CEO Leslie Wexner sent an internal memo saying he wanted to "rethink" the concept of the show, per WWD. Since then, multiple Victoria's Secret models have publicly said that the catwalk spectacular was cancelled, but the company never confirmed the news until now.  Major change is reportedly afoot at Victoria's Secret, with a leaked internal memo (via CNBC) suggesting that the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show will no longer be broadcast on network television. Les Wexner, the CEO of L Brands which owns Victoria's Secret, apparently wrote, "Fashion is a business of change. We must evolve and change to grow. With that in mind, we have decided to re-think the traditional Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show." Wexner continued, "Going forward we don’t believe network television is the right fit. In 2019 and beyond, we’re focusing on developing exciting and dynamic content and a new kind of event—delivered to our customers on platforms that she’s glued to… and in ways that will push the boundaries of fashion in the global digital age."   It's true that, in the digital age, fashion shows are broadcast quicker than ever before. For instance, in 2018 the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show took place on November 8, but it wasn't broadcast on ABC until December 2. By the time the show finally aired on TV, fans had already seen a plethora of looks and musical performances via social media. While it's unclear what form the next generation of Victoria's Secret Fashion Show will take, it sounds as though the brand is finally ready to evolve, and that can only be a good thing. 

 Sweet somethings for the new man in your life.  Valentine's gift shopping for that significant someone always comes with a certain amount of pressure, but when that someone is new in your life, the stress of it can skyrocket. Well fret not, we've put together a selection of gifts for every budget and commitment level to get you through February 14th without any relationship foibles. Whether your guy is a music aficionado or a harmonic pleb, this collection of 30 years of classic record covers will add an entertaining dose of cool to his coffee table.  1000 Record Covers by Michael Ochs, $20, amazon.com.  SHOP Let him know just how hot he is with this spicy phone case.  Ban.do iPhone case, $32, saksfifthavenue.com.  SHOP Buying clothes for a new beau can be a tricky proposition, but it's hard to go wrong with a soft graphic sweater in neutral shades, like this black and white number.  H&M; sweater, $29.99, hm.com.  SHOP For the BF who was born to DJ, this portable, bluetooth-enabled turntable is just the ticket.  Crosley turntable, $69.95, nordstrom.com.  SHOP His face deserves better than generic canned foam. This kit - with a pre-shave oil, creamy shaving lather, badger-hair shaving brush, and soothing aftershave - will keep his complexion looking and feeling great.  The Art of Shaving kit, $35, neimanmarcus.com.  SHOP This minimalist watch will suit any guy, no matter his sense of style.  MVMT watch, $135, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Any home bar will look more elegant with a clean, modern-looking decanter and glasses like this sleek set.  American Atelier decanter and glasses, $50, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Much more chic than your average wall calendar.  MoMA perpetual calendar, $47, amazon.com.  SHOP A quality cup of coffee will make his mornings (and your sleepovers) much brighter.  Grosche pour-over coffee maker, $40, saksfifthavenue.com.  SHOP The heathered grey fabric of this backpack is chic enough for the office and cool enough for the weekends - a perfect all-around carrier for the guy with Too Much Stuff.  Herschel Supply Co. backpack, $51, nordstrom.com.  SHOP If your skincare products are getting lonely in your man's bathroom cabinet, give him a a straight-forward, skin-coddling kit like this one which features face wash, moisturizing shaving cream, and a lightweight hydrator.  Clinique for Men hydrating skincare set, $39, nordstrom.com.  SHOP A sturdy, classic denim jacket is a wardrobe essential for any well-dressed guy.  H&M; denim jacket, $49.99, hm.com.  SHOP For the guy who's a real catch.  Miansai leather and 18k gold cuff, $80, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Up his smooch game with these skin-softening, SPF-infused balms.  Jack Black lip balm set, $20, nordstrom.com.  SHOP This light, unisex fragrance smells like walking on the beach on a cool day - think of it as a date in a bottle.  Jo Malone cologne in Wood Sage & Sea Salt, $65, nordstrom.com.  SHOP From Elvis to Ernest Hemingway to Fidel Castro, this collection of personal letters by famous (and infamous) names throughout history is sure to fascinate.  Letters of Note by Shaun Usher, $26, amazon.com.  SHOP Somewhere between fresh and musky, this craveably scented body wash will make showering at his place feel like a spa experience.  Malin + Goetz body wash in Rum, $36, barneys.com.  SHOP Want to give him a gift he'll definitely use? This phone charging pad - no plugging in required - is truly life-changing.  Mophie wireless charge pad, $58, amazon.com.  SHOP These daring, patterned socks will delight fashion-plate fellows but are also discrete enough not to intimidate less adventurous types.  Stance socks, $15, nordstrom.com.  SHOP Even if his place doesn't have a hearth, you don't have to miss out on the experience of spending Valentine's Day curled up with your SO by the fire.  Maison Margiela Replica candle in By the Fireplace, $62, sephora.com.  SHOP A tasty bottle of booze is one gift that's guaranteed to fit. This one comes with a rock and roll twist - it's distilled by the same family that founded the famed Slane rock concert series.  Slane Irish Whiskey, $54.99, drizly.com.  SHOP Flashy on its own or subdued under a suit or motorcycle jacket, this shirt adds a little flavor to your guy's date night wardrobe.  Topman shirt, $55, topman.com.  SHOP
 The feminist icon sat front row at Prabal Gurung.  You can always count on star-studded front rows at New York Fashion Week but last night, the fashion set was in for a real surprise when Gloria Steinem graced the Prabal Gurung show with her presence.  It was the feminist icon's first ever fashion show and the designer was so excited that he came out to personally greet her before the runway even began. Known to cast diverse models and use fashion to make political statements, Gurung was a fitting choice for Steinem's first NYFW experience.  To celebrate the occasion, Steinem shared a picture holding up her invitation at the show. "There is a first time for everything, even at 83! First #nyfw show @prabalgurung, a kind man doing great work in fashion and beyond," she captioned the photo.  Last season, the designer sent models down the runway in statement-making feminist t-shirts for a powerful finale moment. While there were no graphic tees on the runway this season, staff working the show all wore t-shirts that read "Stronger in Colour" and the colorful runway collection opened with an empowering voiceover of the Activist’s Prayer, “Grant me the strength to change the things I cannot accept.” From the diverse lineup to the Activist's Prayer opening and Gloria Steinem sitting front row, the designer proved you don't need logo t-shirts to make fashion a force for good. 
 Tyler Joe captures the ladies in their couture best... The fashion set is back on the road—see what the well-heeled are wearing in Paris in January. Pernille Teisbaek Soo Joo Park Julia von Boehm Eleanora Carisi Camila Coelho Cara Daur Evangelie Smyrniotaki Sasha Pivovarova Willow Smith Charlotte Groeneveld
 BAZAAR's digital fashion director reveals her current wish list... All of the pieces from Fall that BAZAAR's fashion/features director is adding to her cart—from cool jackets to hair bows, and the chicest white boots. I consider trench coats one of the hallmarks of my personal style—and this one is just about perfect by one of my favorite young designers. There's nothing prettier to me than a simple cashmere sweater, jeans, and a hair bow. I'm adding this to my collection. We've been in the realm of oversized Dad blazers for so long that a chic little crop feels entirely fresh right now. I am enamored with all things ceramic—and Simone's Bodner Turner's vessel is a keeper.  I want all of my pants oversized, yet cinched at the waist. Consider these a modern chino. Raffia is not for summer-only. Sign me up for this beautiful mini by Hunting Season—a bag brand that I can't seem to quit.  I'm a denim girl through and through. This curved shape brings a '90s inspired baggy silhouette into 2019. A white boot is the ultimate luxury—a true car -to-curb situation that's worth all the fuss.  I never said I'm completely over oversized jackets—Magda Butrym gets cool girl clothes right. I adore a baker boy hat, it just makes my look finished. I'm taking the idea cozy this season. This now iconic belt is basically jewelry. I will wear it with everything from jeans to sweater dresses. I love everything this brand is doing—and this is just that special piece that stands out in your closet.  Black cashmere is my forever go-to and I love a varsity shape, which means it's weird that I don't own this sweater yet.
 The designer is sticking to the style signature he perfected at Saint Laurent.  All eyes were on Hedi Slimane today as he sent his first collection for Celine down the runway at Paris Fashion Week. After debuting a new logo (sans the é accent) and his first Celine bag on the arm of Lady Gaga, many wondered what the creative director had up his sleeve for the brand previously helmed by Phoebe Philo. And according to today's runway show, it's a whole new Celine.  Sticking to the '80s glam he made his signature at Saint Laurent, Slimane sent a collection full of glitzy, party-ready looks and suiting down the Celine runway. There were sparkling mini dresses, studded leather, and exaggerated '80s silhouettes. The collection, which featured both men's and women's, included a total of 96 looks.  It was a stark contrast from Phoebe Philo's tailored masculine-meets-feminine take on the brand. Now, an array of sparkling minis and feathered frocks suggested the new Celine woman is more interested in dressing for the party scene than for the office. As each look hit the runway, it was impossible not to think of Slimane's Saint Laurent—the similarities so striking.  On Twitter, many were upset that Slimane had so drastically changed the aesthetic of Celine. And many were also quick to call out the resemblance between Slimane's Saint Laurent and Slimane's Celine.  Hedi does Hedi (at Dior) does Hedi (at Saint Laurent) does Hedi (at Celine) does Hedi ... Will be interesting to see whether Saint Laurent fans stay loyal to Saint Laurent now that Celine is ALSO Saint Laurent. What in the Saint Laurent happened on the Celine runway? 😩 pic.twitter.com/E90CgGmqiT celine was... so... ............... i’m calling the police pic.twitter.com/bots0D3C7A Slimane was appointed as the new artistic, creative, and image director for Celine back in February, succeeding Phoebe Philo's 10-year run as creative director. And while his signature '80s glam-meets-grunge aesthetic seemed to work well at Saint Laurent, it’ll be interesting to see whether that remains true for the Celine woman. 
 All the looks, fit for print...  New Yorkers love a lot of black—but New York Fashion Week calls for statement pieces. See how ladies are navigating the style waters of fashion week.  Amanda Alagem Xenia Adonts Yoyo Kulala Kerry Pieri in Anna Quan suit Nikki Ogunnaike in Balenciaga sweater and Karen Walker Eyewear Joanna Hillman Margaret Zhang Chrissy Rutherford in Sandro Christine Centenera Charlotte Groeneveld Tina Leung Caroline Daur Amelia Madden Sophia Roe Hailey Beiber Danielle Presecod Gabriella Karefa-Johnson Olivia Culpo Chriselle Lim  Eva Chen and Aimee Song Kerry Pieri in Peter Do and the Arrivals Caroline Daur Joanna Hillman in Khaite trench Candice Stuart Lisa Aiken Brooke Siegel Amanda Alagem in Valentino jacket Joanna Hillman in Gucci coat Maria Duenas Jacobs Kate Davidson-Hudson Margaret Zhang Susie Bubble Lucy Chadwick Laurel Pantin Tamu McPherson Bazaar's Glenda Bailey Sophia Roe Calu Rivero  Tracy Taylor in Fendi boots and Karen Walker Eyewear Leandra Medine Charlotte Groeneveld Camila Coelho in Tory Burch Rajni Jacques in Rixo dress Alyssa Coscarelli Lauren Santo Domingo Bazaar's Chrissy Rutherford in Sies Marjan coat and Tibi dress Erika Boldrin Elaine Welteroth Amanda Alagem in Tibi coat with Loewe bag. Sabina Socol Tina Leung Caroline Daur Eva Chen in Nicole Benisti coat Maria Duenas Jacobs in Chanel Jade Frampton Vanessa Hong in Tory Sport Nikki Ogunnaike in Apparis coat Kerry Pieri in Tibi skirt and Prada bag Maria Bernard in Tibi Caroline Daur Evangelie Smyrniotaki Aleali May in Sies Marjan Candace Miller Nausheen Shah Vanessa Hong Christie Tyler Margaret Zhang Leonie Hanne Camila Coelho Maria Bernard Vanessa Hong Caroline Daur Lucy Chadwick Prada sunglasses Allison Cohn Chloe King  Aleali May is wearing THE ARRIVALS x Liv Perez jacket.  Alyssa Coscarelli Chriselle Lim in Cinq à Sept pants Xenia Adonts Sabina Socol  Bazaar's Chrissy Rutherford in Jonathan Simkhai and Pop & Suki bag  Vanessa Hong in Orseund Iris  Eva Chen  Bazaar's Glenda Bailey and Amanda Alagem Nausheen Shah Kate Davidson Hudson Bazaar's Kerry Pieri Lisa Aiken in Saks Potts Jennifer Csengody-Novetsky Christie Tyler Xenia Adonts Kitsch x Justine Marjan hair clip Leonie Hanne in Fendi trench Bazaar's Chrissy Rutherford in Saks Potts Aemilia Madden in THE ARRIVALS coat. Gabriella Karefa-Johnson Vanessa Hong in Khaite trench Lainy Hedaya carries a Pierre Hardy clutch. Nikki Ogunnaike Sally Holmes Madelynn Furlong Chloe King Tamu McPherson Giselle Oliviera Xenia Adonts in Ralph Lauren Caroline Daur in Ralph Lauren Leonie Hanne Eva Chen Jennifer Csengody-Novetsky Rosie Huntington-Whiteley in Ralph Lauren Charlotte Groeneveld Sarah Bray Caroline Grosso Lisa Aiken Alyssa Coscarelli' Madelynn Furlong Maria Bernard Gabrielle Karefa-Johnson
 The Italian fashion house is the latest luxury brand to make the switch.  Following the takeover of those ubiquitous fur-lined backless loafers, Gucci is officially going fur-free, starting with its Spring 2018 collection.  The announcement was made by CEO Marco Bizarri today during the 2017 Kering Talk at The London College of Fashion. After working with The Humane Society of the U.S. and LAV (an Italian-based animal welfare group), Gucci's joining of the Fur Free Alliance ensures the brand will stop all use of animal fur including mink, coyote, raccoon dog, fox, rabbit, karakul, and all other species specially bred or caught for fur. “Being socially responsible is one of Gucci’s core values, and we will continue to strive to do better for the environment and animals. With the help of HSUS and LAV, Gucci is excited to take this next step and hopes it will help inspire innovation and raise awareness, changing the luxury fashion industry for the better," Bizarri said of the brand's decision.  Considering its many statement-making fur coats and staple fur-lined mules, the announcement is a pretty big move for the Italian fashion house. In the beginning of 2017, Gucci started inching towards this new stance by halting the use of Kangaroo fur in its Princetown loafer line, opting to use lamb's wool instead. Gucci is just the latest luxury brand to ban the use of fur, following Stella McCartney, Giorgio Armani, Hugo Boss, and Net-A-Porter. Considering its impact on not only the Kering group but the luxury fashion industry in general, this is probably just the first of many more brands to finally go fur-free. 
 We're here for the tie dye, crochet and denim on denim.  By now you know Revolve is synonymous with killer clothes and larger-than-life parties. This year was no different, as the online retailer built out their own actual festival in La Quinta, California. From a star musical lineup (SZA, Offset, and Cardi B just to name a few) to rival the actual Coachella festival, to tons of Instagram-worthy activations, it was the ultimate playground for top fashion influencers like Aimee Song, Camila Coehlo, Leonie Hanne and many more. So we combed through all the instagrams for the best style takeaways to carry throughout the next few months.  Boots don't have to be packed away when the temperates rise, just pair them with your most feminine frock.  Matching separates are here to stay, especially ones in bright floral prints. A white crochet dress is peak summer style, elevate it with earrings that sparkle and a bright bag.  Never be afraid to match your surroundings.  Florals? Off-the-shoulder? Layered? Sounds like the perfect summer dress to us.  White boots are the go-to for any occasion.  Sometimes crochet is better worn as a two piece, as demonstrated by the top model.  There's no denying that tie-dye is about to be everywhere this season—as is neon.  Channel your inner Bardot in a ruched summer dress.  The Victoria's Secret Angel is here to tell you that denim Bermuda shorts are here to stay.  Sometimes the balance to a sexy summer dress is a cool pair of sneakers and a button down shirt.  Polka dots are the hottest print of the season. 
 Dior opening Paris Fashion Week with a stunning dance performance.  Never one to disappoint, Dior kicked off Day 1 of Paris Fashion Week with a stunning runway dance performance.  The Spring 2019 show opened with a theatrical routine choreographed by Israeli choreographer Sharon Eyal. As rose petals fell from the ceiling, the modern dance performance lasted the duration of the show, with dancers weaving in and out of models walking the runway in Dior's latest collection. In a beautiful finale moment, a parade of models merged with the group of ballet dancers on the runway.  For spring, creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri was (obviously) inspired by dance, but more so, the movements of the body. Outside the show, the venue entrance was covered in enlarged quotes that inspired the designer's vision for the collection. One by German dancer Pina Bausch read, "I'm not interested in how people move, I'm interested in what makes them move," while another quote by Isadora Duncan read, "Dance is the movement of the universe concentrated in an individual." Those sentiments translated into a collection of dance-inspired pieces that seemed to flow from the body in an array of earthy muted tones. There were obvious references to dance—like leotards and lace-up ballerina-inspired shoes—and more subtle interpretations in the form of ethereal tulle gowns, some of which were done in feminine florals or lace.  Don't worry, though, there was still room for some new renditions of the beloved Dior saddle bag.  You can watch the Dior Spring 2019 show in its entirety below: 
 
 The model enlists her inner circle for a collaboration with photographer Juergen Teller. Adwoa Aboah, the British Fashion Awards Model of the Year, collaborated with photographer Juergen Teller for a new series of photos for Burberry, commissioned by creative director Christopher Bailey. Though she's one of the biggest modeling stars of 2017, Aboah's work doesn't stop in front of the camera. The 25-year-old Brit worked with Teller on casting talent, finding a location, and choosing the aesthetic of the shoot.  The result was a project literally close to home for the model, who chose to pose with her friends and family members along Regent's Canal in North London. Together, they sport some of key pieces with Burberry's signature plaid (with a slight neon upgrade) in the form of scarves, bags, trench coats, and more.  Below are just the first of the images. The full portfolio debuts on December 26 (a belated Christmas gift) and another launches in February 2018. Aboah and fellow model Montell Martin sport neon, check, and Burberry trenchcoats. Aboah wraps up in a neon-accented Burberry tote bag, scarf, and trench. Aboah and Juergen Teller pile on the Burberry merch. Adowa poses atop her cousins Alfie Husband, Kwame N'Dow, George Husband, and Richard Theodore-Aboah, while Montell breaks out in laughter.
 But the money is going to a good cause. The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is quickly approaching, and the details are falling into place. The show is returning to its original location of New York City, after years away in cities like London, Paris, and Shanghai. The model lineup is already taking shape, with about 18 new faces set the storm the VS runway.  And while the show's musical performers haven't been announced yet, you can expect something big, as past lineups have included acts like Harry Styles, Lady Gaga, and Rihanna. The invitation-only event is sure to be one of the hottest tickets in town, but a recent auction by VS Angel Sara Sampaio shows that the tickets are in even higher demand than most people expected. In July, Sampaio revealed to her Instagram followers that she suffers from trichotillomania, a disorder that causes her to pull out her eyebrow hairs. Sara shared her story about having trichotillomania and spread a really kind message ♥️ pic.twitter.com/N9poDlGWCD Sampaio received a wave of support for her openness, and the model later decided to team with The TLC Foundation for Body-Focused Repetitive Behaviors to auction off tickets for two lucky people to see her and her fellow Angels walk the runway this year.  Whoever wins the auction will get a pair of tickets to the fashion show, a meet and greet with Sampaio, and two tickets to the official afterparty.  Guys I HAVE AWESOME NEWS! In case you would like to come and watch Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show and get a chance to hang out with me you can follow the link in my profile to bid on this exclusive package and at the same time support a cause that is dear to my heart @tlcbfrb  It would mean the world to me to raise as much as I can towards the The TLC Foundation for Body-Focused Repetitive Behaviors To end the suffering caused by hair pulling disorder, skin picking disorder, and related body-focused repetitive behaviors.  Thank you @victoriassecret for this unique and special opportunity ! A post shared by  Sara Sampaio (@sarasampaio) on Sep 28, 2018 at 4:09pm PDT Currently, bids are set at a cool $24,999, and they're only going up from there. If you happen to have some spare change lying around, the next minimum bid is set for for $25,999, and bidding ends on Thursday, October 11. But consider that a bargain; Charitybuzz, the auction's website, claims the tickets have an estimated value of $30,000.
 The singer puts an edgy twist on holiday style in the ads.  Putting on her best party girl attire, Selena Gomez ushers in the holiday season for Coach's latest campaign. The singer/actress stars in the brand's holiday ads photographed by Steven Meisel on a festive night out in New York City.  In the series of photos, Gomez appears surrounded by wrapped gifts in the backseat of a vintage car before later getting behind the wheel herself. Wearing a lace floral dress, the singer puts an edgy twist on classic holiday style with a studded leather moto jacket and a shearling fur collar.  "My personal style doesn't really change around the holidays. I am happy wearing warm clothes. Coach has these amazing shearling jackets that I can't wait to wear," Gomez said in a release.  Topping off her look, she carries Coach's Dinky bag—which stars as the focal accessory of the brand's holiday campaign. Offered in a variety of new colors and finishes (including 3-D florals and sweet cherry prints), the Dinky reigns as the brand's It bag for the holiday season.  Coach Dinky bags, $295-$795, coach.com. SHOP
 I know we just met, but I already love you... In the interest of furthering our knowledge base in 2019—we're delving into the wide, wild world of shoes. From stylist collabs, to handbag brands venturing into footwear and the latest in direct to consumer, shop and learn about the freshest faces in the shoe game.  Founded by: Valentina Bezuhanova, Sabina Gyosheva, and Denitsa Bumbarova.The Official Word: BY FAR is inspired by a cool 90s minimalism, with its sleekness and subtle femininity. "We create designs that are cool and joyful, but at the same time down-to-earth and not overpowering." Who's Wearing Them and Why: All the French girl and almost French girl bloggers. The heels aren't too high, and the pump and boot styles are simple and elegant. Founded By: Sisters Annamaria and Margherita Brivio The Official Word: An Italian brand whose "creations evolve around freedom and expression for the user to let their mood and attitude shine, through versatile designs presented in an extensive range of colors." Who's Wearing Them and Why: Emily Ratajkowski and ladies with an eye for snakeskin, cowboy boots and an approachable price point. They're statement-making without trying too hard. Founded by: Designer and high fashion stylist Amina Muaddi. The Official Word: "In Amina Muaddi’s world, shoes are much more than an accessory. They’re a powerful force: a source of passion, beauty and desire." Who's Wearing Them and Why: All the fashion girls, from Attico designer Gilda Ambrosio to Amina herself. They're sexy, fun, and definite party shoes. Founded By: Lauren Bucquet, formerly a shoewear designer at Rag & Bone. The Official Word: Labucq is going the direct to consumer route thanks to a familial business working with Italian factories for decades. "Labucq crafts subtly unique, smart shoes with the right proportions, composed of the best leathers, and that wear in beautifully—all while sidestepping traditional retail markup." Who's Wearing Them and Why: New York girls with simple, laid-back style like blogger Alyssa Coscarelli. They're easy, breezy and collectible. Founded by: Maria Sole Cecchi, who helped make her handbags a street-style-go-to is moving into the shoe category in collaboration with blogger Loulou de Saison.The Official Word: "Infamous for their bold, youthful and witty accessories that are coveted across social media, fashion influencers and celebrities globally, the shoes are an extension of the brands fun aesthetic. Inspired by the ethereal sensuality, glamour and confidence of the Les Petit Joueurs woman, the collection features designs of strappy stilettos and embellished accents, in a miscellany of fun, bold and youthful colors."Who's Wearing It and Why: No one yet, but the collection looks like a promising entry point into disco shoe territory with crystal-embellished sandals and flats that are anything but basic. Founded By: A collaboration between stylist and street style Star Ada Kokosar and footwear guru Cesare Paciotti. The Official Word: "Fuses classic after-dark sparkle with modern detailing," and is available exclusively at matchesfashion.com. Who's Wearing Them and Why: Kokosar and friends including all the chic Italians and Italian expats like Tamu McPherson and the Attico designers Gilda Ambrosio and Giorgia Tordini. They're the sexy, vaguely '80s counterpart to all of those bold-shouldered dresses hitting the streets.
 The standout looks from the week's top collections. As the Fall 2019 collections unfold at New York Fashion Week, we're spotlighting the top five runway looks from all the standout shows. Consider it your sneak peek at the looks and trends that will define the upcoming season. Marc Jacobs is keeping the theatrical, capital F fashion torch burning in New York, arguably exclusively. The designer continued an emphasis on extreme volume that carried over from the past few seasons, leaving the '80s vibe behind and exploring floral prairie dresses from an avant-garde perspective. There were dramatic capes in lavender and an off-the-shoulder gown in a punchy hue of yellow. A sage slip dress referenced Jacobs' grunge-era Perry Ellis days, ones he recently resurfaced in an anniversary collection. But just like that we were transported into a series of dreamy feather gowns that make quite an entrance, paired with skater girl knit caps—a perfect juxtaposition for a designer who knows his roots, but still has a lot left to say. -Kerry Pieri Patti Hansen served as the inspiration behind Michael Kors’ fall collection. The end result was a series of ultra ‘70s, Studio 54-inspired pieces that channeled the model/rock ’n’ roll icon’s signature look. There were patchwork jackets, shaggy faux fur coats, gold lamé party dresses, and sequin pieces featuring the original Studio 54 logo printed across the chest. And then, the legend herself closed the show in a sparkling gold suit—hitting the runway once again for the first time since 1994. The cherry on top of Kors’ nostalgic disco fest? A surprise live performance by Barry Manilow singing “Copacabana” for the finale walk. —Lauren Alexis Fisher Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia are perfecting their vision at Oscar de la Renta. It’s been two years since the design duo took the creative reins at the fashion house and their Fall 2019 collection proved to be their strongest yet. Opening with a series of strong suiting, checked coats, and reimagined tweeds, the collection seamlessly transitioned into an updated take on the brand’s signature eveningwear. There was an abundance of rich textures—from antique rug-inspired cocktail dresses to red carpet-worthy feathers, laser-cut velvets, and and a breathtaking ball gown worn by Bella Hadid for the grand finale. It was a stunning mix of daywear and eveningwear that felt fresh, but still worthy of the late De la Renta’s approval. —Lauren Alexis Fisher Rosie Assoulin has long mastered the art of swoon-worthy gowns, but this season she proved her design chops go well-beyond that. Amongst a mix of whimsical dresses and ballgowns, Assoulin managed to make tailored suiting and separates look just as dreamy. A floor-length skirt was styled over a button-down shirt and wide-leg trousers for the woman who wants to wear both the pants and the gown. Other standouts included a plaid suit with metallic stripes, a white shirtdress with vegan leather detailing, and colorful gown featuring gold mirror embellishments. —Lauren Alexis Fisher Stuart Vevers is all about contrasts; juxtapositions; mix and match; opposites attract. His point of view for Coach 1941 is all about taking the frilly and fussy and pairing it with a utilitarian toughness that balances both ends out. Cap off the look with shoes you can actually strut (or stomp) the streets in, along with a carry-all that's far from a dainty clutch.  This season, tartan, basketball shorts, and chain hardware joined micro-florals and needlepoint for Vevers consonant balance between hard and soft. Per his previous offerings, this collection will likely end up on the backs of his celebrity fans: Joan Smalls, Selena Gomez, Chloë Grace Moretz and more have starred as faces for the brand. —Carrie Goldberg
 The daughter of Harry Hamlin and Lisa Rinna says she wants to help others. Amelia Gray Hamlin, the daughter of Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin, made her modeling debut last year during New York Fashion Week. But the 16-year-old is now taking on a new role as an advocate, telling her own story to help others who may be suffering from an eating disorder.  In response to fans who speculated about her body changing, Hamlin opened up about her past year recovering from an eating disorder. Hamlin posted a current picture and one from last year, and left a lengthy note in her Instagram caption talking about how she realized last year “there was no doubt I was not okay” and decided to “stop sabotaging myself.”  She said that she still suffers health complications from “starving” herself, and also was recently diagnosed with Hashimoto’s, a condition that affects the thyroid. (Gigi Hadid was also diagnosed with the disease.) But she said that over the past year she has learned to focus on her physical and mental health, and wants to help others who may be suffering like she was.  “The first photo, taken today, is not a photo of the perfect girl,” she wrote. “That is a photo of me, trying to figure out my body, and owing my curves that I naturally have, and not forcing myself to starve them away. One in 200 women in the US suffer from anorexia. And I want to help.”  I feel comfort with finally posting something that I wish I was confident enough to post long ago. I’m getting many comments comparing my body today vs. my body last year. I think that the support from my followers has really pushed me into writing this. Anyways, last year at this time there was no doubt that I was not okay. Not only physically but also mentally. I feel like sometimes people forget that just because your job involves being in front of the camera, doesn’t mean you can’t have bad days. We’re human. All of us. Instead of people ever commenting on my mental stability, people commented on my weight. Usually, when people are struggling with an eating disorder it stems from your mind, and your body is a reflection of it. I could go on and on about that time of my life, but the most important part about it was waking up one morning and deciding to stop sabotaging myself. My health, my physical health, my mental health and everything about myself. Once I got the help that I needed, shortly after the second photo was taken, I began to try to love myself for me. I am SO beyond humbled and grateful to have the platform that I do at such a young age, and to wake up every morning with a little girl reaching out to me and telling me I am her inspiration, really makes me feel like I have a purpose. I went through this journey not for attention, not for people to pitty me, but to help. I am on this earth to help people, and I know that. One in 200 women in the US suffer from anorexia. And I want to help. The first photo, taken today is not a photo of the perfect girl. That is a photo of me, trying to figure out my body, and owing my curves that I naturally have, and not forcing myself to starve them away. I have a lot of health complications after starving myself for so long so it’s going to be a journey that I go through for a large part of my life. I still have an extremely healthy life style and I workout so hard all week to maintain my Body. Not to say that recently being diagnosed with hashimotos has also been an extreme challenge for me to balance when still getting over this part of my life, but I am getting there. One day at a time. I want to help. A post shared by  Amelia (@ameliagray) on Mar 31, 2018 at 5:57pm PDT Read her full caption below: If you or someone you know is suffering from an eating disorder, contact the National Eating Disorders Association Helpline at 1-800-931-2237 or visit their website. 
 In anticipation of her first studio album, the singer is ready to treat herself.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. In 2015, Mabel got her first big break with her single, "Know Me Better." By 2017, she was rising up the charts in the U.K. with her hit single, "Finders Keepers," a soulful love song with a dancehall beat that she worked on with her brother, a fellow musician, who sat with her in the studio for two days. The Spanish/English singer with roots in Sweden has music in her blood—her mother is singer Neneh Cherry and her father is a music producer.  By 2018, Mabel's musical reach started to extend across the pond—she leant her vocals to popular dance song, "Ring Ring," with Jax Jones and Rich The Kid, and cemented her presence in the US with a performance on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon earlier this summer. So with her first late night TV performance under her belt, and a highly-anticipated first official studio album on the way, Mabel is looking to splurge on a new pair of heels. Not her go-to thigh-high boots for the stage, but something sexy and statement making. That's where BAZAAR.com's Special Projects Director Chrissy Rutherford comes in to help.  At the newly-opened Neiman Marcus (the retailer's first NYC outpost) at Hudson Yards, the editor and singer scour the shoe floor browsing everything from sparkly Christian Louboutin pumps to Balenciaga dad sneakers. Mabel professes she used to hate the sneakers, but now considers herself a fan. It's certainly a trend that just doesn't seem to quit.  At five foot two inches, the singer refuses to do a kitten heel, and cringes at the idea of the new Celine heels with a modest three-inch heel. Watch the latest episode to see which pair wins her heart, and keep your eye out for her debut album High Expectations dropping on August 2nd.  Don't forget to subscribe to BAZAAR's YouTube channel so you never miss an episode of Heel Hunters.
 The fashion event is in collaboration with LuisaViaRoma and will take place on June 13, 2019 in Florence Carine Roitfeld will launch her first-ever runway show, called CR Runway, in June 2019. For the fashion show's first iteration, she will be joining forces this year with Andrea Panconesi, CEO of LuisaViaRoma, to celebrate the brand's 90th anniversary. This year's show will be staged in Florence on June 13, 2019 and feature a special performance by '90s legend Lenny Kravitz.  Taking place at the historical Piazzale Michelangelo, CR Runway and LuisaViaRoma will invite 5,000 people from the public to watch and Carine will showcase her favorite pieces from the Fall/Winter 2019 collections as models recreate some of the most runway moments in history by strutting out in pairs and trios. The event will also be held during Pitti Immagine Uomo, following Clare Waight Keller's first standalone Givenchy Men's show and the debut of Raf Simons collaborator Sterling Ruby's clothing line.    The irreverent looks themselves, comprising of 90 of Carine's personally curated pieces that pay tribute to the 1990s, will honor the ultimate decade of glamour and sex appeal. The show will feature models casted by Piergiorgio Del Moro, a soundtrack curated by sound director Michel Gaubert, as well as additional musical performances to be announced.   
 "As always, numbers are very important to me, and 90 is significant to this project," Carine says. "LuisaViaRoma is celebrating its 90th anniversary this year, and the styling of these 90 show looks will draw inspiration from the 1990s, one of the most compelling decades for art and fashion. Our superstar casting will feature the top models from the era recreating iconic runway moments from the past, while a surprise musical performance will bring this nostalgia to life."    While Carine has styled the star-studded annual amFAR Cannes Runway Show, which auctions off the clothing to raise money for AIDS research, for many years now, it's always been her dream to stage a runway show of her very own. The huge milestone will be celebrated all throughout Florence, as the show will be live-streamed all over the city.  
From: CR Fashion Book

 The brand praised the late designer as "an extraordinary creative individual."  Chanel has issued a statement in response to the death of its iconic creative director, Karl Lagerfeld, who passed away in Paris at the age of 85. "It is with deep sadness that the House of Chanel announces the passing of Karl Lagerfeld, the Creative Director for the Chanel Fashion House since 1983," the brand said in a lengthy post on Instagram.  "An extraordinary creative individual, Karl Lagerfeld reinvented the brand’s codes created by Gabrielle Chanel: the Chanel jacket and suit, the little black dress, the precious tweeds, the two-tone shoes, the quilted handbags, the pearls and costume jewelry," the brand added. "Regarding Gabrielle Chanel, he said, 'My job is not to do what she did, but what she would have done. The good thing about Chanel is it is an idea you can adapt to many things.'" Chanel also lauded Lagerfeld's talents as a photographer and director, noting his work for the label's imagery, short films, and more. He had been behind the lens for the brand's fashion campaigns since 1987.  "Finally, one cannot refer to Karl Lagerfeld without mentioning his innate sense of repartee and self-mockery," the brand continued.    It is with deep sadness that the House of CHANEL announces the passing of Karl Lagerfeld, the Creative Director for the CHANEL Fashion House since 1983. An extraordinary creative individual, Karl Lagerfeld reinvented the brand’s codes created by Gabrielle Chanel: the CHANEL jacket and suit, the little black dress, the precious tweeds, the two-tone shoes, the quilted handbags, the pearls and costume jewelry. Regarding Gabrielle Chanel, he said, “My job is not to do what she did, but what she would have done. The good thing about Chanel is it is an idea you can adapt to many things.” A prolific creative mind with endless imagination, Karl Lagerfeld explored many artistic horizons, including photography and short films. The House of CHANEL benefited from his talent for all the branding campaigns related to Fashion since 1987. Finally, one cannot refer to Karl Lagerfeld without mentioning his innate sense of repartee and self-mockery. Alain Wertheimer, CEO of CHANEL, said: “Thanks to his creative genius, generosity and exceptional intuition, Karl Lagerfeld was ahead of his time, which widely contributed to the House of CHANEL’s success throughout the world. Today, not only have I lost a friend, but we have all lost an extraordinary creative mind to whom I gave carte blanche in the early 1980s to reinvent the brand.” Bruno Pavlovsky, President of Fashion at CHANEL, said: “Fashion show after fashion show, collection after collection, Karl Lagerfeld left his mark on the legend of Gabrielle Chanel and the history of the House of CHANEL. He steadfastly promoted the talent and expertise of CHANEL’s ateliers and Métiers d’Art, allowing this exceptional know-how to shine throughout the world. The greatest tribute we can pay today is to continue to follow the path he traced by – to quote Karl – ‘continuing to embrace the present and invent the future’.” Virginie Viard, Director of CHANEL’s Fashion Creation Studio and Karl Lagerfeld’s closest collaborator for more than 30 years, has been entrusted by Alain Wertheimer with the creative work for the collections, so that the legacy of Gabrielle Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld can live on. A post shared by  CHANEL (@chanelofficial) on Feb 19, 2019 at 5:59am PST  In its statement, Chanel also announced that Virginie Viard, Director of the brand's Fashion Creation Studio and Lagerfeld's close collaborator for 30 years, will take over for the late designer "so that the legacy of Gabrielle Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld can live on."  In addition to helming Chanel, Lagerfeld was also at the reins for Fendi (where he began designing in 1965) and his eponymous line. Both brands also responded to the designer's passing with heartfelt statements online.  Fendi wrote:    Thank you Karl for the most beautiful journey With all our love Your Fendi family A post shared by  Fendi (@fendi) on Feb 19, 2019 at 4:51am PST  And the Lagerfeld line wrote:   The House of KARL LAGERFELD shares, with deep emotion and sadness, the passing of its creative director, Karl Lagerfeld, on February 19, 2019, in Paris, France. He was one of the most influential and celebrated designers of the 21st century and an iconic, universal symbol of style. Driven by a phenomenal sense of creativity, Karl was passionate, powerful and intensely curious. He leaves behind an extraordinary legacy as one of the greatest designers of our time, and there are no words to express how much he will be missed. A post shared by  KARL LAGERFELD (@karllagerfeld) on Feb 19, 2019 at 5:11am PST Big names in fashion also mourned Lagerfeld's death on social media, including Carine Roitfeld, Donatella Versace, Bella and Gigi Hadid, and more.  
 From charming to streamlined, these styles master the luxury look for less. With our iPhones never far from hand, the wristwatch is no longer our go-to time-teller. But as an accessory, it's feeling more essential than ever. The newest designs are sleek and streamlined, sans all the unnecessary bells and whistles of their function-first forerunners. Get in on the trend and shop fifteen modern tickers to punctuate your arm party. Michael Kors watch, $395, michaelkors.com. Larson & Jennings watch, $400, net-a-porter.com. SHOP AÃRK Collective watch, $159, aarkcollective.com. SHOP The Horse watch, $189, thehorse.com.au. SHOP Shore Projects watch, $175, shoreprojects.com. SHOP Daniel Wellington watch, $199, danielwellington.com. SHOP Nixon watch, $175, nixon.com. SHOP Sometimes by Denis Guidone watch, $140, projectswatches.com. SHOP Throne watch, $450, thronewatches.com. SHOP Komono watch, $90, komono.com. SHOP Skagen watch, $175, skagen.com. SHOP Timex watch, $65, timex.com. SHOP ASOS watch, $53, asos.com. SHOP Coach watch, $250, coach.com. SHOP Kate Spade watch, $325, katespade.com. SHOP
 "Never again." Tonight, 14-year-old Millie Bobby Brown took the stage at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards wearing custom Calvin Klein. But the actress, who appears in the label's newest campaign, wasn't wearing just any custom design: The Stranger Things star wore a jean jacket bearing the words "March for Our Lives" and the names of the 17 victims of the Parkland shooting. The front had the words "never again" stitched above a pocket. After the show, she posted a photo of her jacket on Instagram, thanking Calvin Klein for supporting her and championing this cause.  Thank you to all the fans who voted for me and for Stranger Things at Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards today. A big 🙏🏻 also to my friends at Calvin Klein for being such a champion of important causes and efforts to create positivity in this world. @emmazelaznog @cameron_kasky @davidmileshogg @alexanderblakewind @jackiecorin @nickelodeon @marchforourlives #kca #marchforourlives #neveragain A post shared by  mills 🌠 (@milliebobbybrown) on Mar 24, 2018 at 6:38pm PDT Winning for Favorite TV Actress, Brown also used the opportunity to give an empowering speech, reminding the audience that she will be using her voice to "make a positive difference and help influence change." Watch her speech and read the full transcript below: Thank you so much for this award, and to Nickelodeon for bringing us all together. As we saw a moment ago, the March for Our Lives demonstrations that took place all over the world today have inspired me and impacted us all in one way or another. I'm fortunate to be here tonight to receive an award as an actor. I'm so very grateful, and I appreciate all the love and support of my fans, and the opportunity that our show, Stranger Things, has created for me. But more than anything, I get to be up here, and I'm privileged to have a voice that can be heard, one that I can use to hopefully make a positive difference and help influence change. OK, so there's an amazing support, love and kindness in this room right now, and I want to encourage everyone to embrace it and to pass it on. For the angels among us, your spirit lives on. This is for you. 
From: Marie Claire US

 From tech accessories to wardrobe essentials.  When it comes to holiday shopping, finding the right gift for every man in your life is always a little tricky—whether it's your dad, husband, brother, or boyfriend. From the perfect pair of sneakers to the coolest new tech accessories, we're rounding up all the best gift ideas for men this holiday season. Click through to shop all the gifts he'll actually appreciate receiving (because you can only give him so many ties).  The latest of the Apple x Hermès collection is here in Apple's newest Series 5 watch and it's the perfect way to slip a little fashion into a tech gift this year.  Update your man's shaving game with this elegant, old-fashioned six-piece shaving kit.  Elevate his phone charging experience with this aesthetically pleasing charging pad that's compatible with almost every smart phone.  Who says face masks aren't for the boys too? Give him a little pampering with Jaxon Lane's "Bro Mask" set.  Sneakers for the athlete in your life that not only look cool, but will put a little extra pep in his step.  This temp-regulating mug will make his morning coffee taste even better—and for longer.  Keep him warm this winter with the help of a classic fisherman beanie.  A weekender bag he can take on all his getaways.  A splurge gift: this smart mirror brings live fitness classes directly to his home.  A gift that can both educate him on his ancestral background and help him build his family tree For the old soul kind of man, this record player looks luxe without breaking the bank.  Founded by three brothers who believe preparing meals should be as simple and rewarding as eating them, Sardel is the new cool-kid cooking name on the block, offering high-quality stainless steel essentials that will provide a perfect to upgrade his kitchen needs. This beard and face oil is perfect for every guy. It will keep his face moisturized with or without a beard.  This kitchen essentials kit is the perfect gift to upgrade any kitchen. A pair of new wireless headphones always makes for the perfect gift. Comfort is key, and they'll be thankful for these after long days on their feet.  Throughout November, the brand is giving 100% of the proceeds from each sale to prostate cancer research, plus these are very cool suspenders. So he can keep his cash organized in the most chic way. These ultra-luxe boxers are the perfect gift for the guy that has it all.  Up his skincare regimen with this under-$50 gift set.  The perfect waterproof boot for rain or snow.  A luxury belt that'll serve as a timeless piece in his work wardrobe.  For the man who loves his whiskey, a chic cocktail idea book to go with his favorite bottle.  Let him blast his latest playlist masterpiece in style. Because who doesn't need a timeless leather wallet? Keep him on-trend with this Bottega Veneta style.  For the 9-to-5er who loves to keep his shoes looking flawless at all times.  Perfect for toting his laptop, iPad, and essentials on the go.  This little cube does all the heavy lifting, and won't be an eyesore on your dresser.  Sleek, simple, and timeless, this wrist piece is a wardrobe essential.  A no-brainer for the guy on-the-go. 
 Get organized in style.  We're not too far from 2018, meaning a clean slate and new year to conquer is upon us. Organize your way into your best year yet with a stylish planner to help take your productivity level to new heights. From luxe croc embossed agendas to motivational reminders, click through to shop our favorites for 2018.  Ashley G. planner, $15, target.com. SHOP Smythson planner, $67, farfetch.com. SHOP Bloom Daily planner, $16, amazon.com. SHOP Ban.do planner, $20-32 (depending on size), nordstrom.com. SHOP Paper Source planner, $30, papersource.com. SHOP Kate Spade planner, $40, nordstrom.com. SHOP Fringe planner, $30, bloomingdales.com. SHOP Smythson planner, $280, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Brit + Co. planner, $15, target.com. SHOP Ban.do planner, $22, bando.com. SHOP Henri Bendel planner, $48, henribendel.com. SHOP Paper Source planner, $35, papersource.com. SHOP Smythson planner, $60, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Kate Spade planner, $40, nordstrom.com. SHOP Fringe planner, $38, nordstrom.com. SHOP
 The store design is inspired by the fashion house's Cruise 2017/2018 runway.  Chanel is known for its over-the-top runway sets and now, the fashion house is bringing one of its most intricate of the year to real-life inside Nordstrom.  Just in time for the holiday season, the brand is launching a pop-up shop at Nordstrom Seattle inspired by its Cruise 2017 show, which took place back in May at the Grand Palais in Paris.  Like the brand's Cruise 2017 collection and runway design, the Chanel x Nordstrom boutique pays homage to ancient Greek architecture. While life-like stone columns were used on the Chanel runway, the pop-up shop instead features metal wire columns done in gold and rose gold, putting a modernized spin on the references to Greece.    Featuring a mix of ready-to-wear, handbags, and accessories (like those knee-high gladiator sandals spotted on the runway), the store offers a curated selection of the brand's latest cruise collection.  The Chanel x Nordstrom pop-up store will be open to the public from November 29th to December 10th at Nordstrom Seattle. 
 Hoops are here to stay, so don't feel guilty about buying more.  More is more according to Rihanna, who topped off an embellished dress with diamond-encrusted hoops.  Isabel Marant earrings, $425, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW Every girl should have a classic thin gold hoops in her arsenal, they literally go with any outfit, whether you're attending a cocktail party or a basketball game.  Kenneth Jay Lane earrings, $50, saks.com. SHOP NOW Not all hoops are created the same—for an extra special occasion, Emily Ratjkowski rocked some hoops made of opals and diamonds.  Baublebar earrings, $42, baublebar.com.  SHOP NOW Hailey Baldwin went for the gold at a recent red carpet event, adding chunky gold hoops with a body-hugging dress.  Jennifer Fisher earrings, $795, jenniferfisherjewelry.com. SHOP NOW Skip the heavy metals and try coordinating your hoops with your outfit like Gabrielle Union and Bella Hadid.  Cult Gaia earrings, $90, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW Jennifer Lopez is no stranger to hoops, they've been part of her look practically since she came on the scene in the late '80s. So how do you reinvent your hoop game? Try new shapes.  Jennifer Zeuner earrings, $198, saks.com.  SHOP NOW
 It's all about color. Despite still being a new kid on the fashion scene, designer label Sies Marjan has rapidly grown to cult cool-girl status. Widely recognized for its signature use of vivid colors and oversized drape-y proportions, the New York-based brand just dropped a refreshingly bold capsule collection in partnership with Net-a-Porter—and it screams summer. Sies Marjan Lottie Pick Up silk crepe de chine midi dress, $1,195, Net-a-Porter.com.  SHOP Sies Marjan Noemi draped silk-satin midi dress, $1,995, Net-a-Porter.com. SHOP The brainchild of Dutch-born creative director Sander Lak (formerly Dries Van Noten's head of design), the just-dropped eight-look capsule marries the ease of billowy shapes in silk, satin, and cashmere fabrics with a crisp and strong palette of bubble gum pink, pistachio, and crimson red—crafting the perfect pieces for the Net-a-Porter summer shopper. A pale green shift dress with a gathered waist, a long draped dress in bright red, and a tangerine-hue wrap skirt with matching sweater are just a few of the featured pieces indicative of the brand's evocative use of color. The two accessories featured in the line include a rich red tote bag and a sling-back chunky-heel loafer which comes in bright pink. Sies Marjan Asymmetric silk crepe de chine midi skirt, $695, Net-a-Porter.com. SHOP Sies Marjan Farah crinkled-vinyl tote, $325, Net-a-Porter.com. SHOP “For this exclusive capsule collection, we wanted to give some of our iconic shapes and styles a new update," says Lak of the fun Sies Marjan mini collection. "We used styles from the first ever collections and re-fabricated them using a new color card. We reimagined pieces from our short history as a brand, and made them new and exciting again, tailoring them exclusively for our new Net-a-Porter customers.” Elizabeth von der Goltz, the global buying director for Net-a-Porter, mirrored Lak's excitement for the new collaboration. “We are all so excited to be launching Sies Marjan on Net-a-Porter, especially with this eight look capsule collection Sander designed exclusively for us," von der Goltz explained. "Sander has the most incredible sense of colour and I love how he plays with fabrics, textures and shapes. Every look is perfectly composed in his vision.” Sies Marjan Plissé-satin turtleneck top, $795, Net-a-Porter.com. SHOP Sies Marjan Wool and cashmere-blend sweater, $495, Net-a-Porter.com. SHOP The full, sunny, eight-look Sies Marjan capsule collection is available for purchase on the Net-a-Porter site, starting Wednesday, May 16.
 A night of good shopping, music, and champagne!  Amanda Alagem, Harper’s BAZAAR Accessories Director, Kerry Pieri, BAZAAR.com Fashion and Features Director, and Chrissy Rutherford, BAZAAR.com Senior Fashion Editor hosted an evening of holiday shopping with it-girl brand Sandro Paris. The event celebrated the launch of content on ShopBAZAAR.com featuring the three editors and their unique personal styles. The evening was hosted at Sandro’s pop-up at 79 Greene St. Guests enjoyed light bites, bubbly, and tunes by DJ Mia Moretti. Bazaar's Chrissy Rutherford, Kerry Pieri and Amanda Alagem in Sandro   Christina Caradona in Sandro DJ Mia Moretti Alyssa Lenore Vashtie Kola Natalie Suarez and Dylana Suarez  Vashtie Kola, Mia Moretti and Bazaar's Chrissy Rutherford Lainy Hedaya (center) and Danielle Prescod Alyssa Coscarelli and Lauren Caruso Bazaar's Chrissy Rutherford and Miguel Enamorado Bazaar's Amanda Alagem Bazaar's Kerry Pieri Arianna Margulis Guest Aurora James Guests
 Shop the best coordinating sets for summer.  While nothing is quite as effortless as throwing on a sundress, this summer's matching two-piece trend comes in as a close second in terms of ease. From vacation-ready crop top and skirt co-ords to matching bralettes and culottes, there are plenty of two-piece sets to take your summer look to the next level. Whether you're going the Cher Horowitz route or for more of a boho beach vibe, click through to shop some of our favorite matchy-matchy style of the season.  Ideal for a beach getaway, this pink set is the next star of all your summer vacation Instagrams. Just add a pair of flat sandals and go.  Lemlem off-the-shoulder top, $136, and skirt, $207, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Acting as a faux wrap dress, this matching set can take you from day to night and as a bonus: it makes for an office-appropriate look too.  4SI3NNA wrap top, $35, and skirt, $35, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Buttons are taking over this season and this modernized skirt suit is a sleek way to try out the trend.  Storets jacket, $52, and skirt, $40, storets.com. SHOP NOW Perfect for vacation or a summer party, this smocked two-piece set works with heeled or flat sandals.  Faithfull The Brand tube top, $140, and culottes, $190, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW This vintage-inspired two-piece features some fringe raffia trim that's sure to stand out.  Staud crop top, $175, and skirt, $225, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Go ultra-girly in this ruffled floral set by LoveShackFancy. Wear the top with the skirt of a pair of blue jeans for a more casual look.  LoveShackFancy top, $215, and skirt, $255, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Channel your inner Cher Horowitz with a matching jacket and skirt set à la Clueless. Wear a simple white tank or crop top underneath and add a pair of mules or low block-heel sandals to accessorize the look.  Topshop jacket and skirt set, $175, topshop.com. SHOP NOW Add a pair of flat sandals and cat-eye sunglasses and you're good to go.  Endless Summer bra top, $68, and skirt, $100, shopendlessummer.com. SHOP NOW Go for '70s boho in this eyelet set that just needs some gold jewelry and lace-up sandals.  Misa off-the-shoulder top, $194, and skirt, $319, misalosangeles.com. SHOP NOW For a super affordable take on the two-piece trend, opt for this floral set from Nordstrom.  Mimi Chica crop top, $17, and pants, $21, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Top off this ultra-girly set with a pair of white sunglasses.  Miguelina bralette, $205, and pants, $395, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Great for a day or night occasion, Zimmernmann's floral long-sleeved blouse and midi skirt are a fresh take on the garden party look.  Zimmermann blouse, $495, and skirt, $1,185, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW
 In a profession that traditionally shuns women, this chef has proven herself — one roll at a time.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Historically, women have been barred from becoming sushi chefs. Why? The myth is that a woman's period affects her body temperature and sense of smell, rendering her unable to properly handle fish (yeah, really). Needless to say, Oona Tempest is not your typical sushi chef. As a 25-year-old woman and head chef for Sushi by Bae in downtown Manhattan, she's one of the youngest sushi chefs in New York City—and one of just a handful of women in this male-dominated field. Her road to the top has not been easy, but in a tradition long reserved for men, Oona has persevered in the face of sexism and gender stereotyping. Tempest committed her life to sushi when she began an all-consuming apprenticeship with her master years ago. In the time since, she's perfected her craft and established herself as a true artisan. "I love making art and I love taking care of people; this craft allows me to do both of those things at once," she says. "While it may be difficult, I go home at the end of the day feeling like this is mine, I earned this." Watch this inspiring video to learn more about Tempest's story and see her culinary skills in motion. This is the fourth episode of One Woman, a video series by THINX and Harper's Bazaar that profiles the endurance and adaptability of everyday women.
 Chic presents don't have to be expensive. Before you know it, holiday shopping season will be here, which means it’s time to get on your gift game. While it may be overwhelming to shop for everyone on your list, giving something stylish doesn’t have to be expensive. Here, we rounded up the best gifts under $20, whether you’re in need of something for friends, family members, or simply looking for clever stocking stuffers. Click through for our chic finds, and maybe even treat yourself to a little something that catches your eye.  If you're looking to give something more personal, these jewelry dishes can be personalized to any zodiac sign and help keep special trinkets all in one place.  Treat yourself to this ultra-hydrating lip sleeping mask that you can wear overnight or for a gloss-effect during the daytime. It's ideal for preventing chapped lips in the winter.  A nostalgic bracelet for your friend who just has a lot of feelings.  A chic fur pom-adorned beret that won't break the bank, but will upgrade her winter outerwear. A set of rose gold metal straws for your environmentally-conscious friend.  A unique personalized gift, these tiled coasters add a whimsical touch to a coffee table.  Never take a blurry photo or a shaky video again with this luxe PopSocket x ShopBAZAAR phone stand that keeps your hands steady as you snap away.  The hair accessory craze isn't slowing down anytime soon. Add a fresh rotation of clips to your collection with this playful set.  This cult-favorite trio of facial sprays infused with cucumber, rosewater, and lavender will help keep your skin looking fresh and dewy everywhere you go.  This set of tarot cards and guide book give you the tools to find your own inner wisdom. Not only does this scrub make skin soft and supple, the antioxidants in the coffee help fight signs of aging for a full-body glow.  A silicone coffee cup that's easy to tote around on the go.  These standing pens are the best desk accessory for your friend that works a 9-5.  The disposable camera is the new It girl accessory and the perfect gift for your creative friend.  Complete or jumpstart your day with this gratitude journal. The page prompts inspire positivity and reflection.  Bring positive energy and a touch of glam to your space with gilded crystals that help keep your heart and mind open to new possibilities.  Sourced sustainably, the natural scent of this Palo Santo will help make your space even cozier, it comes with a crystal too.  A book that feels especially timely to gift everyone in your life, Rad Women Worldwide tells the stories of inspiring women from 430 BCE to 2016, and pairs their amazing biographies with cut-paper portraits.  This two-wick candle has juicy citrus notes that cures even the deepest winter blues. Plus, its chic tin packaging makes it a stylish addition to any bedside table.  Plain old socks may not be the best gift to give; but ones that come in velvet? Now that's something that everyone should own.  A chic marble bag that comes with essentials every fashionista needs on the go, like mini hair spray, stain remover, earring backs, and more.  Add a sleek accessory to your bar cart with this gold pineapple bottle opener, that makes booze all the more fun to open.  Everyone loves a little bubbly, especially a sparkling rosé version in pretty pink packaging. Bring it as a hostess gift to a holiday party, or wrap it up under the tree for a cousin you can't wait to start the party with.  For the person who's always in search for the perfect selfie, gift them with this LED light that clips right on your phone for the perfect photo lighting, no matter where you go.  Give this magnetic graphic notepad to your mom to stick on the fridge for all her shopping lists. 
 The tips and tricks to shopping like the soon-to-be Duchess. Meghan Markle's streamlined, classic and borderline rule-breaking street style has captivated us since she and Harry first stepped out together–and interest in the contents of her closet have continued to rise since the two announced their plans to marry on May 19th.  But where does Markle–or rather her stylist, Jessica Mulroney–shop? Markle has become a pro at mixing high street with high-fashion; the soon-to-be-Duchess manages to effortlessly enchant in Haute Couture one moment, and then stun on the street in a put-together pencil skirt and mock-necked knit the next. Apparently, her go-to for most of her accessibly-priced pieces is none other than one of our favorite spots to snag well-made, chic and easily transitional basics–Aritzia. According to the brand's site, Aritzia is "about individual style...obsessed with quality. And we think shopping should be fun." The brand caps off their mantra with a warm, welcoming "it's nice to meet you." Founded in 1984 in Vancouver, Aritzia was established to offer beautiful, well-made clothes partnered with great service. They retail a series of brands, all exlcusive to them, that live well together but vary slightly from one another. Markle's favorites, it appears, are Wilfred and Babaton, the higher-end brands of the Aritzia bunch. Wilfred aims at a "refined yet undone look" paired with elements of romance. Babaton, on the flip side, is all about minimalism–ideal for workwear, it's all about precise tailoring. Markle donned the Wilfred Beaune Dress to last summer's Invictus Games in Toronto, and she has sported the Babaton Amos Dress Belt twice. She also wore the Babaton Lawson Trench Coat to the Invictus Games team trials this past Friday. Given the ease in which Markle has paired, styled and mixed and matched this brand with other elements in her closet, we wouldn't be surprised if Aritzia is Markle's answer to the Duchess of Cambridge's affinity for L.K. Bennett, an quality yet accessibly-priced brand based out of the United Kingdom Kate has long shown an affinity for.  Garden florals with elegant, classic courts // HRH The Duchess of Cambridge wore Fern Courts in Trench on a visit to the Kensington Palace memorial garden today 🌹 #HRH #DuchessofCambridge #lkbennett A post shared by  L.K.Bennett (@lkbennettlondon) on Aug 30, 2017 at 1:16pm PDT From our experience, Aritzia's founding ethos still rings true. Walk into any of their stores and expect compliments on your outfit and personal assistance/styling from their friendly sales associates. Your salesperson will work with you throughout your time browsing the racks, while you're trying things on and up until they ring you up. They even tend to stick a few extra things in your fitting room they think you might like based on your preferences–quite the high-touch add-on to a fast-fashion experience. It's no surprise that their pieces speak to Markle, who seems to be balancing her affinity for simple, clean lines and body-conscious silhouettes with her new role as a royal. Markle's love for Aritzia's easy dresses, jackets and accessories are a welcome style reminder that one does not need to break the bank to look well-styled and polished. Want more royals? Now you can watch all of the best episodes from Bazaar's Royal Watch—right here on Prime Video.
 Proenza for less? Sign us up! Proenza Schouler fans get excited—starting today, one of our favorite New York brands is launching a lower-priced line, Proenza Schouler White Label, or PSWL as it will be called. This extension will expand upon the brand's highly coveted tees, sweatshirts, denim and light outerwear. "It has always been a goal of ours to fully develop a well-rounded and balanced collection that mixes the high-end with the everyday in a way that speaks to both many of our personal friends, and to the designer customer we’ve developed over the years. A more casual lifestyle has always been true to who we are as individuals, and true of many women in our lives, " designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez said in an official statement. And to help launch this new chapter, the duo tapped their close friend and loyal fan, Chloe Sevigny to model some of PSWL's key pieces. The line will range in price from $195 to $1,195 and is available starting today on proenzaschouler.com.
 The brand extension is perfect — and so adorable. Since debuting its first collection four years ago, Brock Collection has quickly grown into one of the most coveted women's brands on the scene, and now it's about to add tiny trendsetters to its ever-growing fan base.  Drawing inspiration from its hugely successful Spring 2018 Ready-To-Wear collection, the label will team up exclusively with online children's boutique Maisonette for a limited-edition capsule collection for little ones. The LA-based brand is known for its signature modern romantic styles and has been worn by a slew of celebrities, such as Margot Robbie, Selena Gomez, Emily Ratajkowski, and Kate Bosworth. The CFDA award-winning label is typified by timeless florals, billowy silhouettes, and artistic vintage embroidery—styles that prove both soft and feminine, but still on-trend. In the vein of Brock's already-youthful spirit, the Maisonette collaboration and line extension makes perfect sense.   Our most favorite collection yet! #BrockBaby for Maisonette. Could not be prouder to partner with @maisonette for this limited edition release! Link in bio to shop the collection. A post shared by  B R O C K  C O L L E C T I O N (@brockcollection) on Feb 12, 2018 at 12:52pm PST Co-founder Laura Vassar Brock explained to The Hollywood Reporter that it felt like a match made in heaven when Maisonette co-founders Sylvana Ward Durrett and Luisana Mendoza Roccia approached the designers about a potential partnership. “It has always been a dream of ours to create a children’s collection," Laura told THR. "When Sylvana came to us with the idea of a collaboration, we were thrilled." The upcoming range will feature six ultra-soft cotton kidswear pieces: two shirts, two trousers, and two dresses, ranging from $95 to $175. If the upcoming collection seems reminiscent of the adorable co-ord sets and precious pastel jumpers worn by the world's best-dressed royal toddlers, you're right on the money. "The cream linen trouser and blue floral top would be heaven on Prince George — the set is timeless and classic, and perfect for Easter," Ward Durrett told THR. Kristopher Brock—Laura's husband and co-designer—added that the line will focus on balancing early sartorial expression, and of course, comfortability. "We want the pieces to work for all children — they really do start developing their own style at a young age — we see it with our own son, it’s so fun," he explained. "We wanted this collection to be fun and easy."   The decision to move into the children's clothing market proves not only cute and creatively fulfilling, but strategic for business as well. “The children's market is crucial right now,” Maisonette's Mendoza Roccia explained to THR. “Moms are starting families later in life, and spending more on their children than ever before.” Suffice it to say, it's our guess that the #BrockBaby collection will be a rapid sell-out. 
 From Maya Angelou to Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the exhibition features colorful paintings of 37 inspiring women.  Diane von Furstenberg has always been a beacon of female empowerment in the fashion industry.  This International Women's Day, the designer merged the fashion and art communities together by tapping artist Ashley Longshore for a pop-up exhibition paying homage to a series of female trailblazers.  Featuring a mix of 37 inspiring women, the exhibit is filled with colorful paintings that celebrate influential women over the years. The idea came about when von Furstenberg and Longshore first met over afternoon tea in London this past fall. From there, Longshore had just two weeks to complete the entire series of paintings. Hanging amongst the powerful room of women are portraits of Michelle Obama, Beyoncé, Cleopatra, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Lady Gaga, Barbra Streisand, Jacqueline Kennedy, Frida Kahlo, Diana Ross, Malala Yousafzai, and Oprah.    "In my initial meeting with Diane, she mentioned a couple of names to me; Hedy Lamar being one, Michelle Obama another," Longshore tells BAZAAR.com. "Through our continued communication and late night emailing, Diane compiled an amazing list of women and I added a few of my own. Once you start researching amazing women you can just keep going … there have been so many fearless women throughout history and they all need to be celebrated! It was really hard, but time would only allow me to paint all 37 in only two weeks."   And of course, a portrait of Diane herself is included in the exhibition. It's the first painting Longshore made for the series, and it's particularly special to the artist. "I was really diving into her spirit and everything that has made her the woman that she is," Longshore says. "This painting is actually 14 paintings in one. I started with her spirit and then I built around that. The rest just fell into place."  Maya Angelou, Cher, Mother Teresa, Elizabeth Taylor, Rosa Parks, and Barbie share wall space in another corner of the exhibit.  And Josephine Baker, Peggy Guggenheim, Marlene Dietrich, Jane Goodall, and Wonder Woman are included in the curated series as well.  The DVF x Ashley Longshore exhibit is located at Diane von Furstenberg’s flagship store on 874 Washington Street, where it will remain on display through May 2019. The paintings will also be available for purchase. 
 The sexy Italian brand celebrates their latest ready-to-wear collection.  Last night La Perla brought their latest ready-to-wear collection to New York. Taking over the not-yet-opened Lobster Club in midtown, the Italian brand known for their luxe lingerie made a case for women looking sexy and comfortable in glittering cocktail dresses or a slim-fitting jumpsuit. Amongst a small crowd of editors and famous friends like Gwyneth Paltrow and Jessica Seinfeld, La Perla creative director Julia Haart shared her vision for the brand, "everything I make you have to look beautiful, sensual and comfortable." We must say, we agree! 
 From designer AirPod cases to all the coolest new gadgets.  ’Tis the season to start on all your holiday shopping—and finding just the right gift that’s both impressive and useful is no easy feat. But a tech gift that’s both stylish and guaranteed to make their life easier is always a safe bet. From the chicest designer AirPod and phone cases to smart home devices and accessories, we rounded up all the best tech gifts to give (and receive) this holiday season. A wireless phone charging pad that doubles as a chic home decor piece.  Compatible with both Android and iOS devices, you can print 4x6 photos directly from your phone with this portable printing dock (your camera roll will thank you).  With a bluetooth speaker, LED lighting, USB charger, and hands-free speakerphone, this vanity mirror adds a little special something to any busy woman's morning routine.  The latest generation of AirPods, AirPods Pro, feature noise cancellation and a transparency mode. Plus, you can have them custom engraved with your initials, name, or number for free—making for the perfect gift.  The only thing more luxe than a new pair of AirPods is a new designer case to store them in. The keychain detail will guarantee that you won't be digging through your bag searching for them. For the woman who loves plants, but lacks a green thumb, this smart garden kit ensures your little garden gets the right amount of water, oxygen, nutrients, and light—no matter what time of year.  Give her a major upgrade in the form of Apple's latest phones. Whether you want to go for the iPhone 11 (which is offered up in six fun color choices) or the iPhone 11 Pro (which boasts not one, but three cameras), the new phones make the perfect holiday gift this season—for someone special or yourself.  Add a little animal print to your phone with a Popsocket from ShopBAZAAR's fashion collection. Whether you're more into the snake print, leopard, zebra, or all black croc, it'll instantly make your phone look luxe while adding some extra grip support.  Store all your beauty products—from serums to creams and your trusty jade roller—in a compact mini fridge that will keep everything just the right temperature of cool.  Ease screen addiction's effect on her eyes with a pair of glasses featuring blue-light blocking lenses that she can wear while glued to her phone and laptop.  Polaroid's holiday gift box set comes with everything you need to start snapping special memories old school style.   A tongue-in-cheek phone case for your friend who's addicted to endlessly scrolling.  For the one who's addicted to hitting the snooze button, this alarm clock is a total game-changer. Featuring sunrise and sunset simulation, the light therapy is supposed to improve your energy levels, sleep, and snooze button addiction. It gradually lights up with a sunrise-like simulation light 30 minutes prior to your wakeup time, making you feel more refreshed and calm in the morning. It's also compatible with Alexa and Google Home.  A phone case and a designer wallet all in one makes for the perfect luxury gift this season.  Avoid frostbite with these touchscreen and texting friendly knit gloves that allow you to keep warm while using your phone.  Not only are these Master & Dynamic headphones luxe looking, the sound quality is a total game-changer. They make for the perfect splurge this holiday season.  For the one who loves to read, Kindle's Paperwhite e-reader offers up access to thousands of books, newspapers, and audio books that are easy to carry around on the go.  Why not combine an oil diffuser and speaker into one chic piece of decor for your home? This unique find not only diffuses your oils of choice throughout the room, it also lights up, changes colors, and plays music via via Bluetooth or auxiliary connection. For the old-soul, this under-$100 record player makes a cool home decor piece—and allows you to unplug from all your smart gadgets. Try it in fashion's new favorite color: pistachio green.  An on-trend laptop sleeve? This chic case will have you wanting to tote your laptop around everywhere this season.  The latest Apple Watch allows you to fully customize your own style—from the band to the case and the size. Consider it the Build-A-Bear of smart watches.  We've all become accustomed to taking all our photos with our phones, but there's nothing quite like an actual camera to capture the best moments. This digital version is compact to carry and prints out all your photos instantly.  Skip the gym completely with Flywheel's at-home bike. The piece of equipment comes with a built-in tablet and free two-month subscription including access to thousands of streamable workouts.  For the travel lover, an easy to use adapter and USB port that works in 150 countries.  Bose's latest bluetooth speaker set is both compact and portable—and guaranteed to fill any room with high-quality sound.  For Android users, OnePlus's new 7 Pro phone is a must-have. Featuring a total of three cameras (including a pop-up selfie cam), it's ideal for those who want the best photos from their smart phone. The camera quality is so good, it may convert even the most loyal iOS users.  Is there anything better than giving the gift of strong WiFi? The answer is of course no. Google's at-home system makes sure you're getting the fastest (and strongest) internet connection at all times—perfect for the WiFi fiend in your life. 
 Will someone please cast the Hadid sisters in the remake already?  After months of wearing ultra-small, '90s-inspired sunglasses, Bella and Gigi Hadid are really committing to the full Matrix look now. Last week, Gigi and boyfriend Zayn Malik stepped out in matching outfits inspired by the sci-fi film and today, Bella joined in on the look with a take of her own.  While attending Men's Fashion Week in Paris, Bella opted for all-black attire with a sweeping, floor-length patent jacket, tiny lensed sunglasses, and oversized hoop earrings. To top the look off, she wore the sexiest pair of lace-up patent boots by Italian brand Liudmila.  The boots, which retail for $1,160, have become a new favorite of the model, who's worn them several times in the past month with everything from a red sequin dress to wide-leg pants. As for channeling The Matrix, the styling key to both Hadid looks is the black, full-length PVC trench jacket. The patent trench reigns as one of spring's hottest outerwear trends, and has already been spotted on the runways, the street style scene, and some of the best model off-duty style in the past few months.  And if you really want to take the outerwear look all the way back to the '90s, a pair of tiny lens sunglasses is, of course, essential. Gigi opted for a pair of mirrored Gentle Monster sunglasses for her look.  Coincidentally, THR reported a reboot of the 1999 sci-fi film is currently in the works and even more coincidentally, Warner Bros. hasn't yet announced who will star in the upcoming sequel movie. Here's to hoping both Gigi and Bella land the lead roles.   
 This is her first time back on the runway since 2016. Kendall Jenner has made her return to the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. The model and reality star strutted on the VS runway in New York City this evening, wearing black lacy lingerie with a sequined black sheer turtleneck top and embellished black booties. Her "wings" were a fan of thin black feathers embellished with stars.   And in another look, Jenner wore punk-inspired plaid ensemble with mixed red fabrics and a flowy skirt.  Kendall's younger sister Kylie Jenner already gave us a sneak peek of her walk on her Instagram story earlier this evening. The beauty mogul shared a series of photos of her sibling hitting the catwalk with the caption, "I mean???" Kylie is me pic.twitter.com/pH7HIl6o61 When one fan fawned over Kylie "being obsessed" with her sister, Kendall tweeted back, "I’m more obsessed with her."  i’m more obsessed with her https://t.co/RrLt8xV3vi  The model also celebrated her walk on Twitter. "Round 1 done," she posted.  round 1 done 😙 https://t.co/XauczaDK37 Guests at the fashion show taping also shared videos of her full walk on Instagram.  This is Jenner's first time appearing in the VS Fashion Show since 2016, as she sat out of last year's runway in Shanghai. Her first show was in 2015. Although Kendall didn't make a grand announcement ahead of this year's show, she dropped a major hint on Halloween when she and the rest of her Kardashian and Jenner sisters dressed up as VS Angels for the holiday. They even used real outfits from previous runway shows.  “I did [get my practice in]," Kendall told People. "I actually didn’t even think of it like that until I got into the outfit and I was like, ‘Oh wow, this was good.' It was so much fun."  ❤️✨ A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Oct 31, 2018 at 3:51pm PDT  throwback VS vibe with my sisters 👼🏻 thank you for letting us steal your wings for the night @victoriassecret A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Oct 31, 2018 at 2:21pm PDT "I'm excited to be back. We're all together again," Jenner told People of her return. Her model BFFS, Gigi and Bella Hadid, are also walking in this year's show.  Watch Kendall's walk in full when the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show airs on ABC on Sunday, December 2. Find out where to watch the broadcast here. Where to Watch This post has been updated.
 These four influencers rely on emerging designers, sustainable labels, and an iconic French fashion house to come up with killer outfits you'll want to re-create. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. For the latest episode of This Look is Money, we ventured around Soho, an iconic New York City neighborhood, with four of our favorite YouTubers and style bloggers to find out how they stay chic in the NYC summer heat. Who are they wearing? How much did it cost? What things were they gifted? Think: something old, something new, something borrowed, and something bought resale. Prepare yourself for some major fashion inspiration.   YouTuber and entrepreneur Ashley Brooke rarely splurges on shoes. However, when she laid her eyes upon a chunky pair of white Chanel dad sneakers, Brooke knew she needed to add the kicks to her wardrobe full of "girly and edgy" pieces. "Living in New York City, I feel like white sneakers are so practical. They're so comfortable; they protect your feet. I thought that a good investment in a white sneaker was perfect. It was a smart choice for me, so I decided to splurge on those," she says of her $1,000 purchase.  The rest of her outfit is made up of more affordable pieces including a sheer black dress from Urban Outfitters ($59) with a black leotard underneath that she picked up for $15 on Amazon. The latter is a fashion must-have for Brooke,  as she often finds herself wearing the leotard while hitting the gym and walking her dog, Stella. Like most fashion girls, Brooke has an affinity for Chanel, which is why she also splurged on a black quilted leather Chanel camera bag with gold hardware from a vintage store in the Hamptons ($2,900). "It has a gold strap attached to it, but I thought I had a lot of gold going on, so I tucked in the strap and I'm just carrying it as a clutch," she says. "I also love that it has a little tassel detail on the side, it's kinda fun." She also layered three delicate gold necklaces that range from a $50 vintage store find in Brooklyn to a bar necklace with her initials on it for $90. "My sisters and I all have matching ones," Brooke says of her "A" necklace. "I live so far from home [Texas], so when I wear this, it really makes me feel more connected to them." She also wore three rings, including one from Etsy with her fiancée's name (Ryan) engraved on it ($40), and an everyday ring from By Alona ($79). Fashion blogger Opal Stewart likes sporting a mix of well-known designers and emerging labels to create outfits that embody her "chic, feminine, and a little edgy" sense of style.  She went for blue and green marble-printed heels from Paul Smith ($500), which add a pop of color to her white wide-legged trousers from Floriane Fosso ($400). The sustainable designer upcycles high-end fabrics and makes each new piece in small batches. Stewart also threw on an edgy chain-link belt that she scored on eBay ($30). The green Pinko top with lace detailing and yellow ribbon accents ($320) that she tucked in her pants was a purchase from Bloomingdale's. For a menswear-inspired touch, Stewart layered a multicolored houndstooth vest that she borrowed from Beatrice .b Italia ($600). She's also carrying a black leather shoulder bag by Lovard ($500) with a snake hardware accent. Stewart also likes to mix high and low when it comes to her jewelry. She's wearing a gold chain-link necklace from Tara ($1,500) layered with a nameplate necklace gifted by her sister ($50). The fashion blogger completes her look with an opal stone ring that she received from her boyfriend ($150).   When Katy Bellotte finds something she loves, then she will likely buy it multiple times, and her metallic gold Lulus sandals are no exception. The YouTuber, blogger, podcaster, and social media coordinator at L'Oréal Paris owns six pairs of the affordable find ($30).  Bellotte is rocking a sheer black dress with a mauve floral motif and metallic gold polka dots throughout from Australian label Thurley. The maxi frock was originally out of her budget, but when the price finally dropped to $300, Bellotte pulled the trigger and purchased her "ultimate princess dress." Warmer weather calls for lightweight fabrics, and that style principle extends to her taste in accessories. Bellotte is carrying a circular rattan bag from Zara ($50) and a pair of small hoop earrings with dangling heart accents from Tess and Tricia ($55). Her delicate necklace, meanwhile, was a gift from jewelry brand Argento Vivo. Additionally, Bellotte isn't afraid to mix affordable jewels with big splurges. Case in point: a rose gold ring with a .6-carat diamond at the center ($3,000) from NYC-based jeweler Eli David Designs. "As a fashion influencer, there's a lot of pressure to have new clothes, [the] latest styles, [and] wear something different every post," she says. "I'm one of those people that when I [find] an outfit that makes me feel confident, I will wear that three times a week, four times a week. I think I'm a better person when I like my outfit."   For actress, producer, and blogger Lynn Kim Do, fashion is a way for her to express herself creatively. "I believe in each piece really being an expression of who I am," she says. "So I really choose designers that I either I really vibe with, are sustainable, functional or something even political sometimes." To achieve her "streetwear chic" fashion sensibility, Do relies on sustainable brands and vintage shopping. Her black Marimekko jumpsuit is rendered in large white floral prints ($495) and is cuffed at the ankles. For footwear, she opted for a pair of black kitten heel strappy sandals from COS ($150). She accessorized her look with a white leather newsboy cap from Clyde ($200) and a pair of oversized earrings from New York-based design duo Jill Martinelli and Sabine Le Guyader of Lady Grey. Do also added a couple of rings that range from $60 to $300 a piece. "This bag is great because it really injects my streetwear aesthetic, and I think a big part of streetwear is definitely being able to combine two really cool ideas," Do says of her black MCM cross-body bag. Watch the rest of the video above to see all the pieces Ashley, Opal, Katy, and Lynn, are wearing and add them to your cart. Don't forget to subscribe to BAZAAR's Youtube channel so you never miss an episode of This Look Is Money, Go To Bed With Me, Little Black Book, Heel Hunters, Royal Tea, and Food Diaries.
 You can control the boot temperature through an app on your phone.  Buying snow boots can sometimes feel like a chore, but Jimmy Choo is about to change the game this winter. Paving the way in the world of tech footwear, the luxury shoe brand just debuted smart boots that are both chic and heated, so now you can actually be excited about buying the winter staple.   The smart genius cold-weather boots feature heated insole technology that keep your feet warm in the snow, rain, and coldest of temperatures. You can control and adjust the temperature of the boots (which ranges from 77°F to 113°F) through an app on your phone, which is a major game-changer for all our winter commutes. The boot's heating power lasts up to 8 hours and can be recharged through a hidden USB port underneath the back collar. Currently available for pre-order, Jimmy Choo's Voyager boots are available in both men's and women's styles in three different colorways. Despite the boot's wearable technology, the design is surprisingly anything but clunky and reportedly lightweight too.  The boots feature traction soles and are made of water resistant materials, meaning you can wear them as your snow or rain boots. And thanks to the chic design (ahem, hello to this white pair that I need in my life), you don't even have to change out of them after your morning commute.  While we've become inundated with smart watches over the last few years, it looks like it's finally time to make way for smart boots. And we're so ready. Consider this another item on our holiday wishlist this year. 
 The legendary designer was best known for his work with Audrey Hepburn.  Hubert de Givenchy, founder of the house of Givenchy, passed away on Saturday at the age of 91 years old. His family confirmed the news this morning.  The designer worked for Pierre Balmain, Christian Dior and Elsa Schiaparelli before founding his own fashion house in 1952. Soon after starting his own label, he met Audrey Hepburn, who became his lifelong muse and shaped the future of Givenchy's fashion legacy.  Givenchy famously designed the famous little black dress Hepburn wore in the opening scene of Breakfast at Tiffany's and also created looked for her roles in Funny Face and Sabrina—paving the way for future designers' role in cinematic fashion.  Throughout his career, the designer went on to dress a string of elegant, esteemed women including Jacqueline Kennedy, Grace Kelly, Greta Garbo and more.  After debuting his first couture collection in 1952, Givenchy launched a ready-to-wear label just two years later and then a menswear collection in 1969. The French designer's work was marked by its Parisian elegance and sophistication that saw its impact in the cinema, on the red carpet, and on the chicest of women.   Givenchy stepped down as the head of design in 1995. Since his departure from the fashion house, an array of designers have taken reins of the label, including Alexander McQueen, John Galliano, Riccardo Tisci and, currently, Clare Waight Keller, the house's first female creative director.
 The model made history during Paris Fashion Week.  With the final show at Paris Fashion Week on Tuesday, Louis Vuitton made a stride in diversifying its runway by casting a black model to open its show for the first time ever. Janaye Furman became the first black woman to open for Louis Vuitton in the fashion house's 163-year history, marking a historic moment on the Parisian runway.  Furman took to Instagram to write about the experience, "This is such an incredible and unbelievable moment! Not only for my first opening show to be Louis Vuitton but to make history as the first African American girl to open LV?!"  Not only was it the model's first time opening Vuitton, but it was her first time opening any runway show.  "I'm so glad more women of color are rocking the runways. It's so important that we stand up for ourselves and make a difference in this world. I'm so happy I was able to tell this beautiful story. I mean look at that coat," she added.  Still, the progress toward diversity in fashion is moving way too slow. Here's hoping more women of color get the runway opportunities they deserve. 
 Why don't you just meet me in the midi? The middle tends to get a rap—almost as if full potential has not yet been reached. But when it comes to the midi-length skirt, we find a fashion item that is fully realized. It's universally flattering, it can handle prints well, it can be worn to work or with a bathing suit, it can be done up in slinky silk or cozy knits. We love the midi and so do a host of other chic ladies. See who wears it well and shop their looks.  A basic slip skirt can go from an evening out with an equally slinky top, to work with a cozy knit. Just add boots.  Invest in classic colors like white and black. A beautiful printed skirt feels like a workwear staple but this blogger proves it's ideal for casual moments as well when paired with a graphic tee and lace up sandals.  A scarf print feels right on time. When it does come to workwear, a wrap midi in a silky fabric is an unexpected alternative to trousers. A button down and oversized blazer finish the look. This wrap skirt is seasonless and wear-forever. An animal print always feels on time. Go bold by mixing it with other prints, or keep your look more streamlined with easy black or white tanks and turtlenecks.  A snake print looks just as cool as zebra or leopard. We love this belted version. A leather midi is a little tough, very cool, and still somehow timeless. Flip flops make for a surprising counterpart to the wintery skirt.  This pencil skirt will take you miles. Try it with a plain tee, a silk button-down, a turtleneck sweater. The options are endless. The denim pencil skirt has made a sneaky comeback, and we're ready for it. We love this staple.  Perhaps you're more black denim than light, more white than black. Pick your shade and keep your skirt fitted and high on the waist. A great sarong skirt can go from the beach to the city with the switch of a bikini top. Opt for a bold hue to maintain the fun. This bright piece is just the thing to make you feel like you're on vacation, whether you actually are or not.
 Statement earrings are winning big so far.  Get ready to let your earrings do all the talking. As the Fall 2019 collections begin to make their way down the runways, one thing is already certain: the statement earring trend is about to reach new heights. From colorful crystals to bold mismatched earrings and over-the-top hoops, next season is making way for some major jewelry pieces. Check back as we spotlight all the best earrings, necklaces, and bracelets spotted on the runways in New York, London, Milan, and Paris. 
 Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery? From Mugler to Alaia and Versace, Kim Kardashian has been wearing a ton of archival designer looks lately (much to Fashion Nova's delight). One thing the outfits have in common? They were all worn by Naomi Campbell first in the '90s.  Instagram account Diet Prada called out Kim's channeling of the iconic supermodel in a series of outfit comparison photos. Most recently, she wore a vintage Versace slip dress to Chance the Rapper's wedding—the same look that Naomi first debuted on the runway in 1996.    Hey Fashion Nova, here’s a tip... you can just go ahead and copy any 90s Versace Naomi wore instead of secretly collaborating with Kim lol. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ • Via: Twitter (@ fuckrashida) Insta @rashidareneeward ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ • #naomicampbell #supermodel #versace #gianniversace #alaia #azzedinealaïa #kimkardashian #90s #vintage #vintagedress #vintageversace #stylist #recreation #lace #glam #sparkle #leopard #animalprint #bodycon #reproduction #fashionnova #fastfashion #idea #bodysuit #catsuit #alaia #kardashian #kuwtk #ootd #wiwt #dietprada A post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Mar 12, 2019 at 12:41pm PDT  Just last week, the reality star had an Instagram photo shoot in a sexy leopard catsuit and beret by Alaïa. The sheer look was part of the designer's 1991 collection, which Naomi also coincidentally wore on the runway as well.  Keeping up with her vintage Versace streak, Kim has worn several '90s looks from the Italian fashion house that were first debuted by Naomi. In December, she donned a silver metallic gown from Versace's 1998 collection to the premiere of The Cher Show on Broadway. Naomi previously wore the look on the '98 runway and then again for a red carpet event in 2015.  And then there was this sparkling chainmail mini dress that both women also wore. Naomi donned the Versace look in 1997, and then Kim wore the outfit to attend Versace's runway show in 2018. To be fair, who wouldn't want to channel Naomi Campbell's iconic style? Especially when revisiting some of the greatest '90s fashion moments. No harm in recreating an icon's most legendary designer looks—so long as they don't end up on Fashion Nova.  
 Inexpensive gifts that don't skimp on style.  Whether your dad is a dedicated camper, an office warrior, or a culinary master, these inexpensive gift will make his Father's Day without breaking your budget.  The timeless, quintessentially cool style of this denim jacket will fit into any dad's wardrobe.  Give stressed-out dads a little chill with this gold cuff that's designed to remind him to breathe deep and find some zen.  Whether its a safe place to store his wedding ring or a spot to hide all of his clutter, this graphic box will give dad's design cred a boost.  This fan-favorite electric razor will streamline his morning routine.  Help dad embrace his wanderlust with these handy, story-driven road trip guides through scenic spots in the US.  Lend a hand in dad's quest to get back into shape with this elevated Fitbit tracker band.  Give dad's worn-out overnight bag a major upgrade with this versatile weekender.  Replace dad's standby Hawaiian shirt with this equally tropical but much more chic cockatoo-printed button up.  What's better than buying him a drink? Buy him a bottle—especially if it's a bottle of this rich, full-flavored Colorado whiskey. Up your father's shaving game with this kit of skin-coddling shave essentials including shaving oil, shaving cream, an after-shave balm and a shaving brush. We can't guarantee a loveable pup to fetch dad's slippers for him, but we do know your father's footsies will be way more comfy in this cozy pair.  Your dad will never have to microwave cold coffee again with this remote controlled ceramic mug that keeps any beverage at the perfect, custom temp.  Make your dad's party the place to be with this extra-large serving board—perfect for charcuterie, cheese, and any other nibble an entertaining aficionado like your old man could want.  Unclutter that collection of keys your dad lugs around with this chic and simple keyring. Sate papa bear's sweet tooth with this chocolate-dipped gummis made from real single-barrel bourbon.  This miniature waffle maker hits that perfect gift combo of making culinary dads happy and improving your chances of impromptu waffle breakfasts.  Make dad's famous guac even tastier with this authentic volcanic rock molcajete.  This travel kit is the perfect size for all of dad's grooming must-haves and the hearty canvas construction and waterproof zip means that he can really put it through its paces.  Camping, the big game, backyard BBQs: this stainless steel growler makes sure dad's favorite brew stays cold, fresh, and, most importantly, all his thanks to its distinctive monogram.   Get dad to take a fashion risk with some patterned socks inspired by his favorite band.  Get dad prepped for summer-water season with this classy olivewood-clad corkscrew. Simple, sleek nylon rope and shining brass give this wristlet a nautical feel that's tailor made for boat-obsessed dads.  Okay, so dad isn't a bouquet kind of guy. These adorable 2.5" tall cacti are just as pretty as their floral counterparts, with a bit more macho edge. 
 Who needs New York Fashion Week when you have the happiest place on Earth? Like many other brands, Opening Ceremony has been skipping a traditional runway show for the past few seasons. But now, the New York-based designers are going where no other fashion house has gone before: Disneyland. Posting a video montage starring none other than Mickey Mouse, the brand took to Instagram to reveal its next runway show will be held on March 7th at the happiest place on Earth. Notably, this will mark the first time that Disneyland's California location has hosted a fashion show in 40 years. Opening Ceremony has yet to reveal any more details about the show, but it will reportedly feature current season merchandise in a see-now, buy-now format.  Of course, the brand's decision to once again skip New York Fashion Week comes as no surprise. Founders Carol Lim and Humberto Leon have been experimenting with different fashion show formats over the past two years. The brand has staged a ballet performance show and a political pageant in lieu of a traditional runway show for some of its past few collections.  It's unclear whether Opening Ceremony's Disneyland show will be inspired by Disney characters (or perhaps even feature them as models on the runway), but either way, the show is guaranteed to bring a much-needed dose of fun into the traditional Fashion Month calendar. 
 Hey, hey, hippies. From the vastly different runways of R13, Prada, Proenza Schouler, Christian Dior, John Elliott, Collina Strada, and more, it seems the great fashion equalizer for the season is tie-dye. That hippie mainstay so beloved by the Woodstock generation has found favor amongst the social media set—all the more colorful thanks to Instagram, and all that. See who's wearing it and how, and of course, shop it! No complicated rubber-band ties necessary. The supermodel takes her tie-dye with some logo love—pairing a Polo tee with easy white trousers, sneakers and a coordinating Proenza Schouler tie-dye bag. Take tie-dye print on in hues that feel like a breath of fresh summer air—tied with a braided belt. This whole idea feels a little '90s to us in the best way—casual sweatshirt, with denim cut-offs and a cross-body bag—consider it your new summer weekend uniform. Prada killed the tie-dye game for the season, but this button-down comes out on top. We love it with the aforementioned denim shorts, but it would be very chic with a white pencil skirt or baggy jeans, too. A post shared by Melanie Huynh Utzmann (@melaniehuynh1) on Apr 26, 2019 at 8:39am PDT What's easier than an oversized button-down dress and slides? Nearly nothing, we'd say. This subdued pastel piece will bring you from beach cover-up to belted mini dress in no time flat. Why don't you double down on summer trends and take your bucket hat, tie-dyed? The A-lister takes the idea to evening with a Dior mini skirt, booties and a blazer. The whole look is grown up but still very cool. This easy-breezy slip dress has its head in the clouds and that's why we like it. This season-less piece reinforces Proenza Schouler's dedication to tiedye. We love this with Bermuda shorts for summer and trousers come fall. The Biebs loves a good tie dye moment, and why wouldn't he? This tie-dye swirl is on point and the pink and purple shades in this oversized shirt dress are too pretty to pass up. The effortless mix of cashmere and casual tie-dye is one great take on modern luxury.  A post shared by Shiona Turini (@shionat) on Oct 30, 2018 at 2:35pm PDT Shiona wears the hero tie-dye piece from Fall 2018—Proenza Schouler's velvet turtleneck—proof positive that this is no passing fad. This black and white version is super graphic, cool, and loses all associations with hippy culture—almost. A great oversized tie-dye hoodie is basically a summer beach weekend pre-requisite. Make it count. We love the clever mix of long denim shorts, cropped hoodie, white socks, menswear-inspired shoes, and a cross-body bag. It may not be what you would wear but it's a refreshing reminder to make a trend feel like you. These colors remind us of a California sunset—a feeling we'd like to wear around with us all day long. This suit is inspired by Venice Beach in the '80s and we can't think of anything better. There is an inherent ease to the boiler suit. This one by Stella McCartney is the definition of one-and-done. Just add a great white bag. It's impactful, but definitely not a one time wear. Pair with white sneakers for day and swap for strappy sandals at night. Keep it cozy—and tie-dyed—in this ideal Saturday loungewear.  Paige shorts, $98, paige.com.
 So we meet again, True Religion.  In case their namedrop in the iconic 2005 Black Eyed Peas song, "My Humps" didn't make it evident enough, True Religion jeans ruled the early 2000s. Up there with Juicy Couture tracksuits, logo bags, and trucker hats, True Religions were the jeans to have. And now, over a decade later, Bella Hadid is spearheading their comeback. Or at least attempting to.  The model is the newest face of True Religion's Fall 2018 campaign, appearing topless in a pair of dark wash jeans complete with the the brand's signature horseshoe emblem pockets (and a hip chain belt, nonetheless). In the caption, she declares, "True Religion is back!"  Pump the brakes: are we actually about to enter the renaissance of True Religion? Given the return of several other early 2000s trends (ahem, the Dior saddle bag), it's not a completely outlandish suggestion. And let's be honest: if anyone were to make the throwback item cool again, it would be a Hadid.  Of course, given that Bella was under 10 years old during the early aughts, it's likely that she missed out on the trend the first time around. But let's not forget the many incredible celebrity ~fashun~ moments that did occur in True Religion... ...like early 2000s Queen, Paris Hilton: and The Newlyweds legend, Jessica Simpson: Not even Reba was safe from the Great True Religion Obsession of 2005: And for Hadid's collaboration with True Religion (oh yeah, in addition to the ad campaign, the model also has a new capsule collection with the brand), the 2000s staple bootcut jeans are included. Along with the nostalgic bootcut and flare styles, there are also three skinny jeans and a denim shirt included in the collection, which ranges from $40 - $300.  The limited-edition collection is available to shop now, if you're ready for a trip back to 2005, that is.  SHOP BELLA HADID x TRUE RELIGION NOW
 Get a first look at the brand's holiday video starring the rapper.  From Rihanna to Nicki Minaj, your favorite artists are here to get you in the holiday spirit this season. Following the release of Bad Gal Riri's festive Christmas sock collection earlier this week, Nicki Minaj is also spreading some seasonal cheer as the star of H&M;'s holiday campaign.  Along with starring in the retailer's holiday ads, the rapper will also appear alongside Jesse Williams in a magical holiday film. Though the full video doesn't make its debut until November 28th, H&M; shared a short teaser this morning to announce the project.  In the film directed by Johan Renck, Minaj transforms from your average, down-to-earth mom into a whimsical winter fairy named "the Wisest Thingy" (if I ever turn into a fairy, remind me to use this name too). Williams, meanwhile, plays the dad—bringing new meaning to the internet's favorite comment, "MOM AND DADDDD." The two play parents to a little girl hunting down the evil brother of Santa Claus in order to save Christmas.  “I love the film's over all empowering message. I love seeing this young girl become the champion that lives in all of us. There's always magic in the air during the Holidays,” Minaj said in a statement from the brand.  Appearing in both the video and print campaign is H&M;'s new holiday collection—which spans from tulle skirts to cozy knit sweaters and festive dresses. Starring model Anna Ewers, the images reveal a variety of must-have pieces to shop from the brand before the official holiday season commences. The pieces will start to roll out in H&M; stores and online at hm.com starting November 9th.  Shop some of the pieces available today below.  H&M; sweatshirt with tulle sleeves, $18, SHOP H&M; mesh turtleneck, $10, SHOP H&M; turtleneck sweater, $50, SHOP
 Whether your sis is the ultimate fashionista, foodie, or beauty maven, we’ve rounded up 30 chic gifts she’ll love.  Let’s face it: sisters can be difficult to shop for. Whether your sis is the ultimate fashionista, foodie, or beauty maven, we’ve rounded up chic gifts she’ll not only love, but actually use. Shop with ease and click through to find the perfect gift for any sister, no matter the occasion.  A classic camera gets a modern update with Polaroid's new version of their one-step camera. Snap special moments on the go, and watch your memories print instantly.  This mini bag will definitely fit your AirPods, and is perfectly on trend with croc-effect faux leather.  For the sister who loves to experiment with cocktails, gift her a stylish barware set that comes with all the bells and whistles. Empower meaningful connections with your sister (and friends) with this thought-provoking card game.  Bagatiba necklace, $110, bagatiba.com. SHOP NOW Your astrology-obsessed sis will thank you for this forever  Take her charcuterie to the next level by displaying it atop a chic marble cheese board.  Designed by Australian artist Charlie Bennell, this 285 piece puzzle features La Muralla Roja in Calpe, Spain, designed by architect Ricardo Bofill. Whether she's hitting the beach or the park, this portable bluetooth speaker lets you bring the music with you. Fleur du Mal x Precious Lee bra, $168, fleurdumal.com. SHOP NOW One of the coolest fashion collaborations of the season is luxe lingerie brand Fleur du Mal with plus size modeling titan Precious Lee—the perfect look for sisters with a biggest bust.  She can roll away puffiness, wrinkles, and more with a rose quartz roller that will immediately become apart of her daily beauty routine.  Champagne or gin cocktails are all the more fin to sip out of pretty glassware.  Travel in style with a rose gold suitcase that stores essentials and fits in overhead space.   Give your sister the gift of flawless skin with this 3-mask set. This smoky gold-colored jacket made of silk-satin will add a luxe touch to her date night look or Netflix binge.  Nothing says "best sister" like a made-to-order ring set with both of your birthstones.  Help her keep her cards handy in this vibrant leather holder that can easily slip in her purse or back pocket.  Say goodbye to bed head and sleep creases with a silk pillowcase that minimizes friction while she sleeps.  Serve up wine, water, or any drink preference in this glass carafe that adds an eye-catching element to her table.  Who doesn't love a positive affirmation? Remind her sis of her worth with this charming necklace inspired by Elaine Welteroth's book.   Help your sister create a truly Instagram-able hair moment with these whimsical flower hair pains.  For the sister that loves a bright pout, this set of mini lipsticks from Yves Saint Laurent will let her play around with the hottest hues before settling on a favorite.  This medallion pearl necklace will easily become a favorite piece, and the embossed lion is meant to remind the wearer to be strong and courageous. This trio of books honors the legacy of Coco Chanel and adds a stylish touch to any coffee table.  For the beauty chick that's constantly traveling, this nail set makes sure a perfect manicure is always handy. The elegant red pouch comes with cream to soften hands before polishing, Le Vernis Longwear Nail Colour in Rouge Noir, and a glossy top coat.  Forget the DIY friendship bracelet. This rose gold bracelet comes with a polished disc you can easily customize, making for the perfect heartfelt gift.  Fornasetti's candles are works of art in themselves, and this 'Bacio' style features the nose and mouth of Italian opera singer Lina Cavalieri. The scent combines thyme, lavender, and cedarwood notes, and is the perfect gift for your art-obsessed sis. A pair of cat-eye sunnies is a staple for any fashionista, and makes the ultimate statement when paired with a summer bikini or athleisure look.  Your sister can get a perfect blow-out at home with this limited-edition gift set from Dyson and Ouai, featuring a sleek hairdryer and three hair products that offer smooth, shiny locks.  For the stylish sister who always looks polished, these classic Chelsea boots feel all the more modern in snakeskin.  A retro juicer that comes in an array of bright shades will serve as the perfect punch to any health addict's kitchen. 
 It's the end of an era. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. It's the end of an era for Topshop, the beloved European retail giant. The brand has announced it will shutter all of its U.S. Topshop and Topman locations, adding to the 200 U.K. stores that its parent company, Arcadia Group, has closed over the past three years.  According to the BBC, Topshop closing down its U.S. locations is a move pushed by Arcadia Group in the hopes that it will help prevent a "breakup" and avoid going into administration, meaning the company would be temporarily passed over to another individual who investigates the situation to see if the company can be rescued, or if it's time to throw in the towel.  The shakeup will likely put several jobs in jeopardy, the BBC reports. Ian Grabiner, chief executive of Arcadia Group, tells the BBC that the move was a "tough but necessary" one.   Walk this way for the best outfits of the season 🚶🏼‍♀ Tap to shop or shop via the 🔗 in bio. A post shared by  Topshop (@topshop) on May 22, 2019 at 3:00am PDT The news comes just months after Beyoncé, who exclusively sold her Ivy Park athleisure line at the retailer, severed ties with Topshop following sexual harassment allegations made against Topshop chairman, Sir Philip Green. Since announcing her split from the UK retailer last November, Beyoncé has moved forward with a partnership with Adidas.  "This is the partnership of a lifetime for me," Beyoncé said in a press release. "Adidas has had tremendous success in pushing creative boundaries. We share a philosophy that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business.” There is some good news, though. Topshop and Topman will still be sold on its official site and at retail partners, including Nordstrom. 
From: ELLE US

 Shop brands like Reformation and Doen along with your Prada, Givenchy, and more. Over the years, Net-a-Porter has become our go-to retailer for shopping our favorite luxury heritage brands like Gucci, Prada, Balenciaga, Saint Laurent, as well as the hottest contemporary brands such as 3.1 Phillip Lim, Acne and Zimmermann. But now, some of the coolest brands in the direct-to-consumer space have just became easier to shop all in one convenient place now that they've also been scooped up by the mega online retailer.  Today, Net-a-Porter announced a rolling drop of 7 direct-to-consumer brands with cult followings to come in the next few weeks: Reformation, Doen, Line By K (which launched in the last few weeks), Frankie Shop, Maison Cleo, Harmur and Art Dealer.  “With a global audience of 2 million Instagram followers between them, these are the cult brands of the moment, who have a fiercely dedicated fan base. We are so excited to be able to offer our customers a way of being ‘in’ their close-knit communities," says the global buying director, Elizabeth von der Goltz. Just this week, the luxury retailer celebrated the launch of Doen and 15 exclusive pieces with co-founders Katherine and Margaret Kleveland during a dinner in Los Angeles. The brand has become a go-to for that laidback California, ultra feminine and luxe bohemian look. Their whimsical floral dresses and peter-pan collared tops are pieces you can throw on for any occasion.  
  Last week, Net-a-Porter also debuted Reformation on their site, the cult brand for cool girls everywhere from New York to Los Angeles. The eco-friendly label cuts sustainable fabrics into vintage-inspired effortless dresses that have garnered mega celebrity followings including Taylor Swift, Rihanna and Emily Ratajkowski.   Early in April, Line By K, a brand founded by former fashion blogger Karla Deras, also launched on the site. The capsule features elevated basics from bodysuits to silk skirts and slip dresses.   Expect much more to come from minimalist brand Frankie Shop (who boasts outposts in New York and Paris) starting May 20th, such as timeless pieces to satiate any minimalists wardrobe. Or if you're someone who's in the market for a standout summer look, Harmur's vintage silk halter tops and slip dresses could be your new go-to at the end of June. We're also partial to the mother-daughter duo at Maison Cleo who will launch seven exclusive styles with a French flair on June 17th. Last but not least is Art Dealer which will deliver a dose of their signature romantic and playful style to the Net-a-Porter customer come June 2019.   
 Get ready for one of the biggest runway events of the year. The Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show will be upon us before you know it. Here’s everything you need to know about this year's event.  The VSFS airs on Tuesday, November 28 at 10/9 central on CBS. Find out how to watch the show on your computer, phone, and more here. Shanghai, China. This marks the first time the fashion show will be held in the city. See the full model roster here. Balmain is creating custom looks for this year's VS show and collaborating with the lingerie line for a range to be sold in-store and online starting November 29. 
 In a new video from its Road to the Runway series, VS shares a closer look (but doesn’t give away) the Balmain collaboration and how it came to life. The result is a glam and couture take on punk-rock, with ultra-sexy ensembles featuring leather, studs, spikes, crystals, and sequins.  “We believe in the same kind of woman, a powerful lady, a strong and confident, sexy girl that knows what she wants,” creative director Olivier Rousteing says of Victoria’s Secret and Balmain in the clip.“ According to VS’s creative team, each piece is basically couture, with embroidered, encrusted, and bejeweled elements. The lingerie is also exposed, and the outfits are intended to be worn out for a steamy street style look. Lois Ribeiro, an Angel since 2015, will model this year’s most extravagant piece of lingerie on the VS runway. The bra, which costs $2 million, is covered in precious stones like handset diamonds, yellow sapphires, blue topaz, and 18 karat gold. It was designed by Mouawad, a Swiss and Emirati luxury accessories company. According to Victoria’s Secret’s Instagram, the Brazilian model has already been working the jewel-covered bra before taking to the runway.  In addition to the Fantasy Bra, this Swarovski crystal-covered look will also be adding some glitz to the runway. One standout “anniversary piece” celebrates the jeweler’s 15-year anniversary partnering with Victoria’s secret, and consists of 275,000 multicolored crystals, 200 yards of ribbon, hand-beaded jewelry, and 14-pound wings. VS Angel Elsa Hosk will model the look with bright red undies, embellished sleeves, and feathered sandals.  According to VS, these are some of the heaviest wings they’ve ever made. Considering Hosk’s hardcore workout routine, it seems like she’ll be able to carry these heavy wardrobe pieces with ease.  Exclusive: The 2017 @victoriassecret fashion show is set to be an even shinier and more extravagant spectacle than ever before. Not only is the brand jet-setting to Shanghai for the show, but it’s also celebrating the 15-year “Crystal Anniversary” of its partnership with @swarovski. 275,000 crystals and 200 yards of woven ribbon and pavé crystals will be worn down the runway by Angel @hoskelsa, with one million crystals taking the runway in total. Here, a behind-the-scenes look at her fitting #wwdfashion (📷: @clint_spaulding) A post shared by  WWD (@wwd) on Nov 13, 2017 at 8:04am PST Harry Styles, Miguel, Hamilton's Leslie Odom Jr., and Chinese pop star Jane Zhang will be performing at the VSFS this year. Despite earlier rumors, Katy Perry and Taylor Swift will not be making an appearance. Aside from the Fantasy Bra, Swarovski anniversary piece, and vague preview of the Balmain collection, the rest of the outfits have been kept tightly under wraps. We can't wait to see what they look like on the runway.  Watch this space for updates.
 Calling all Geminis... What’s your sign? The best-selling Gemini necklace reimagined in a beautiful peach color palette, exclusively for ShopBAZAAR, will have you craving sand and sun. Lizzie Fortunato has been an editor and influencer-fave brand for the past decade and the sister-duo behind the line never fails to impress. This dreamy, hand beaded necklace features the perfect combination of pretty stones (moonstones, iolites, appatites, an acrylic heart pendant, freshwater pearls) and an adjustable silk cord so you can layer like a pro, channel the ‘90s and transform it into a choker, or wrap it around your wrist as a statement bracelet. Lizzie Fortunato necklace, $195, shopbazaar.com SHOP Lizzie Fortunato necklace, $195, shopbazaar.com, Rag & Bone tee, $125, shopbazaar.com, Le Specs sunglasses, $70, shopbazaar.com, Eve Denim, $295, shopbazaar.com, Wicker Wings bag, $435, shopbazaar.com, Loeffler Randall sandals, $295, shopbazaar.com, Dior shadow, $65, shopbazaar.com SHOP Laura Mercier lipgloss, $28, shopbazaar.com, YSL nailpolish, $28, shopbazaar.com, Lizzie Fortunato necklace, $195, shopbazaar.com, Re/Done jeans, $225, shopbazaar.com, Attico dress, $1,237, shopbazaar.com, Bembien bag, $195, shopbazaar.com, Tibi sandals, $450, shopbazaar.com SHOP Tibi jacket, $695, shopbazaar.com, Bobbi Brown lipstick, $37, shopbazaar.com, Tom Ford mascara, $45, shopbazaar.com, Erdem dress, $2,295, shopbazaar.com, Hunting Season bag, $1,295, shopbazaar.com, Lizzie Fortunato necklace, $195, shopbazaar.com, Aquazzura pump, $795, shopbazaar.com SHOP
 Your workouts just got a lot more stylish.  Active apparel company Carbon38 has teamed up with luxury fashion brand Cushnie for a 10-piece collection of activewear that you'll want to wear far beyond the bounds of the gym. The e-commerce brand has joined forces with other high-fashion brands in the past including Jonathan Simkhai. This collab felt like a natural fit of high fashion and fitness. "In my eyes, Carbon38 really embraces and caters to the same customer that we do at Cushnie—that strong, confident woman who’s both sophisticated and feminine, and always on the go," ceo & creative director Carly Cushnie told BAZAAR.com.  But, the line is more than just for sweating it out on the treadmill. Cushnie says that it "serves as a lifestyle collection, and as an extension of the brand’s ready-to-wear." She also views the collection as a chance to extend the wardrobe of her already-chic clientele. "Cushnie active gives me the opportunity to dress my woman for the casual aspects of her day, with styles including cropped jackets, flare pants and jumpsuits—all in luxe knitwear, neoprene and performance materials." Cushnie says her brand's style made the transition into an activewear line very simple. "The Cushnie aesthetic is ultra clean and modern—serving as the perfect foundation for sleek, minimal activewear, designed with the same architectural lines and sculptural silhouettes."  "Carly Cushnie has put her faith in us to be the exclusive distributor of this wonderful collection," says Katie Warner Johnson, Co-Founder and CEO of Carbon38. "She also trusted our opinion so that we could create something that was truly suiting the Carbon38 customer. Cushnie is one of the few brands that are really addressing what this seamless wardrobe looks like..." The 10 piece collection consists of pants, tops, bras, bodysuits and sweatshirts all ranging in price between $175 and $495. You can shop the line now at carbon38.com.  Introducing: #CushniexCarbon38 Exclusive. Celebrating powerful women and how they want to dress, this collection is sensual, decidedly functional and built on a ready-to-wear backbone. ➡️ Head to @Carbon38 Instagram stories and IGTV to see more. A post shared by  Carbon38 (@carbon38) on Sep 13, 2018 at 6:12am PDT
 Slay, Selena! Straight off of her New York Fashion Week date night with The Weeknd on Friday, Selena Gomez made her second stunning fashion week party appearance yesterday at the Business of Fashion's #BoF500 party. And she went dressed in the Old Hollywood bombshell version of a naked dress by Rodarte: With her mauve lip and deep side-parted bob, Gomez looked every bit the part of classic screen siren:  @selenagomez from tonight for #BOF500 Gala. 👗 @kateyoung 💅🏻 @tombachik 💇 @officialdanilohair 💄 @hungvanngo A post shared by  Hung Vanngo (@hungvanngo) on Sep 9, 2017 at 7:25pm PDT Unfortunately, her boyfriend The Weeknd wasn't there to take it in as her date—but only for work-related reasons. He's back on tour and played his Sept. 9 show in Toronto last night. (Drake was there.) Drake at @theweeknd's show tonight in Toronto. via @MustafaThePoet IG story. pic.twitter.com/jfqXWldLA6 @theweeknd Always XO Awesome Night!!😎🖖 #StarBoyTour #XO #Toronto pic.twitter.com/1U4DwNqisQ At the party, Gomez was photographed chatting with Jared Leto and enjoying the dinner: Gomez was celebrating her BoF 500 cover, which she proudly showed on her Instagram story earlier that evening alongside her new puppy, Charlie. It was his Insta debut: 
From: ELLE US

 "I've always been really reckless," says Centineo. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Noah Centineo is the new face (and body) of the latest #MyCalvins campaign. The breakout heartthrob from Netflix's To All the Boys I've Loved Before is fronting iconic American label Calvin Klein's latest campaign—along with other rising stars—with a series of imagery lensed by Mario Sorrenti and a 30-second visual helmed by Jonas Lindstroem.  The campaign, dubbed "I Speak My Truth in #MyCalvins," sees the South Florida native donning a white tank and matching boxer shorts while reflecting on his version of the truth regarding both physical and emotional scars. "I've always been really reckless," Centineo admits while sitting on the edge of a bed in a sepia-toned room. "If you ain't got no scars, [then] you good, you're really afraid, really cautious, or you're just really lucky."  Centineo had a scar on his chin since childhood, which he fully embraces. In the clip, he roams around the room, first laying down on the shaggy carpet before staring at his reflection in the bathroom mirror. Towards the end of this clip, Centineo gazes pensively at the camera while sitting at the kitchen table, casually flexing his muscles. "You can't really get rid of scars, especially if they're like emotional ones. I love my scars. All of them. I speak my truth in my Calvins," he adds.  Centineo has previously fronted campaigns for the American brand before, which has a reputation for turning ingenues into household names, including Kate Moss and Mark Wahlberg in the '90s. The global digital campaign drops today, May 9, and features ten other influencers and celebrities who represent the ethos of living a carefree lifestyle that occasionally bucks societal standards. Amongst the roster is one of fashion's favorite rappers, A$AP Rocky; models Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner; musicians Shawn Mendes, Troye Sivan, Chika, and Billie Eilish; actors Indya Moore and  Yoo Ah-In; and BROCKHAMPTON's Kevin Abstract.  Watch the 53-second clip featuring the full roster of talent below. 
 
 The 48-year-old star is the newest Guess Girl. Jennifer Lopez is the newest face of Guess jeans. The brand made the announcement yesterday when it unveiled its new Spring 2018 campaign starring the multihyphenate star. J.Lo's sultry ads channel a pin-up retro feel, with a tied white shirt, thick belt, checkered mini skirt, stiletto pumps, and curls with a life of their own.  The mother of two has fronted countless brands through her career, from L'Oréal to Louis Vuitton, but Guess hits close to home for the international star. "When I got the call from Paul Marciano asking me to become the new Guess Girl, I was thrilled and excited to be a part of such an iconic brand that I have loved since I was a teenager," she said in a statement. Lopez is the latest face of Guess, following budding stars like Camila Cabello, Hailey Baldwin, and Gigi Hadid. But at two years shy of 50 years old, J.Lo is proving Guess Girls—and It Girls—don't have to be in their early 20s or younger. Said Guess co-founder Marciano, "Jennifer’s impact and influence continues to grow and this campaign celebrates the notion that women get more beautiful and talented as they gain life experience."
 The shoes you should have in your rotation for this season and the next.   The right high heel can put a pep in your step and lend you a boost of inner-confidence that can't be beat. But these days, a woman has more height options than a towering stiletto. Every season, a new heel type takes over and wedges (get it?) its way into our hearts and pockets. For a little refresher and style guide to all the classic heel types to know, keep scrolling (and shopping).  The stiletto heel, one of the most classic and popular heel styles, is named after the stiletto dagger, dating back to the 1930s. It's described by a long, thin heel—often found on boots, pumps, and strappy sandals alike.  For a classic strappy stiletto that works for all your evening plans.  Not all stilettos are sky-high. These from Louise Et Cie are a bit easier to walk in, and perfectly work appropriate.  Once seen as a "grandma shoe," the kitten heel resurgence came about thanks to women demanding comfort over height. This heel height is no longer frumpy, but sexy. It comes in easy boots, naked sandals, and even flip flops.  For a vintage vibe and versatile pairings, this kitten heel adds a little unexpected texture to any look. Gucci's iteration of the trend features a 45mm heel and captures the collection's '80s vibes without being cheesy.  Wedges are a summer staple because they're usually done in espadrille or canvas. Originally created as an orthopedic shoe option in 1935, the wedge has since become a timeless wardrobe essential.  This vacation-ready wedge is crafted in a soft oat color, and has beige ties that wrap around the ankle and up the leg.  This version of the wedge heel is a bit higher, and contains a summer night metallic gold tone.  The block heel has risen in fame because of its walkability and versatility. Wear them to work, for happy hour, or a night out for the ultimate city stomping shoe. They're defined by the chunky, square shaped heel that can come in high and mid-height options.  These buttery patent leather sandals are an updated version of the block heel. Backless, sleek, and neutral.  This chic iteration from Gianvito Rossi comes in a nighttime-ready suede.  The beginnings of this classic shoe can be traced back to the first appearance of the iconic Chanel option. A slingback is defined by a strap that crosses behind the ankle or heel.  These luxurious slingbacks from Vince Camuto are a trendy must-have.  Made in Italy from soft black leather, these slingback pumps have an elegant pointed toe.  A mule speaks for itself; it simply has no back strap or support. They take practice to comfortably (and easily) walk in, but once you learn, you won't be able to stop wearing this endless trend.  These leather mules come in a feminine bubblegum pink; perfect for making any ensemble pop.  The leather woven mule is comfortable, right on-trend, and incredibly stylish.  In the '50s, ankle straps were a way for women to show off their romantic, feminine sides without being disrespectful. They hold the foot in easily while elongating the legs.  Not only are these heels affordable, they're known to be extremely comfortable, too.  The chic knotted details on this white leather shoe make them stand out even more.  Salvatore Ferragamo originally invented the flatform/platform sandal. Now, they come in chunky options and subtle versions that go with everyday aesthetics.  These platforms are anything but ordinary; they come in loafer form and include a massive chunky platform.  A sporty, sandal iteration on the flatform style. 
 The mother-daughter duo posed for Fendi.  Catherine Zeta Jones and her daughter, Carys Zeta Douglas, star in their debut photo shoot together. The pair were shot by Fendi as part of the brand's "Me and My Peekaboo" series that started last year, where every month they feature a different mother and daughter duo. The series celebrates the 10th anniversary of the Italian fashion house’s iconic Peekaboo bag. The episodes convey their unique bond with one another and show the timeless elegance of the Peekaboo Fendi bag between two different generations within a family.  Other notable celebrity families have also starred in the series, such as the Kardashians and the McGregor sisters along with various international families like Ikwa and Miki Tang. This episode marks the first time Zeta Jones and her daughter were shot together. The pair are documented elegantly dancing under the colonnade of historical Roman building Palazzo Altemps, and playing among the statues of Palazzo Della Civiltà Italiana, the Fendi HQ in Rome.  
From: Harper's BAZAAR UK

 Whether you're heading on a Euro trip or you just want to toughen up your favorite summer slip.   The sneaker trend isn't going anywhere—we'll always need sneakers! Whether you're using them for tourist activities on your next Euro trip, or because they just make slip dresses look cooler, below, shop our favorites for the season. 
 New York Fashion Week has never seen an ending quite as powerful as this.  After taking a one season hiatus, Rihanna made her return to New York Fashion Week tonight with a truly breathtaking and empowering presentation of her Savage x Fenty lingerie collection. The show, which was livestreamed on Youtube, is guaranteed to give you goosebumps and make your jaw drop. To put it lightly: RIHANNA REALLY DID THE DAMN THING.  Championing inclusivity and diversity, the moving presentation-turned-runway featured women of all races and body sizes. It was a show that celebrated women and sisterhood to the fullest extent with beautiful dance performances, symbolic choreography, and a theatrical display.  Yes, the runway spectacle featured appearances by Joan Smalls and both Hadid sisters, but the casting of models went well beyond that. When Rihanna launched her Savage x Fenty brand this past spring, she made sure the lingerie was made for women of all body types. That inclusivity was reflected on the runway of the brand's first presentation tonight—something many other fashion brands could benefit in learning from.  In an incredibly powerful moment, a pregnant Slick Woods walked the runway wearing sparkling black nipple pasties and a sexy cut-out bodysuit that showed off her baby bump.  She wasn't the only pregnant woman to walk the show either, another expecting model walked the runway in a plunging nude lace bodysuit. It was a casting choice that said pregnant women's bodies are beautiful and they're allowed to be sexy too. Taking her final bow at the end of the show, Bad Gal Riri wore a brown tube dress and matching headscarf, which she dramatically untied to reveal her face, as you do. While she walked down the runway, Elvis Presley's "Love Me Tender" played as all the models she walked past held hands in solidarity. It was perhaps the greatest ending New York Fashion Week has ever seen.  Watch Rihanna's full Savage x Fenty show (which starts at the 49:00 mark) below: The best part? The full collection is now available to shop online.  SHOP SAVAGE x FENTY BY RIHANNA NOW
 And Pete Davidson made his runway debut at the same show. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Alexander Wang showed his new collection (dubbed Collection 1 2020) at the Rockefeller Center with a star-studded fashion show. Of the incredible location, which saw the runway set outside the iconic building, an Alexander Wang spokesperson told WWD, "we invite essentially New York City to come to experience the show on the upper plaza. As an American brand that is rooted in New York, Rockefeller Center represented the energy and the epicenter of New York City." Both Kendall Jenner and Kaia Gerber were dressed in white Alexander Wang looks, with matching white boots. The models also showcased identical wet-look hairstyles. Basically, they could almost be sisters: Ariana Grande's ex-fiancé also hit the runway, and was seen hanging out with designer Wang before the show:  Per WWD, there was "an assortment of concession stands with snacks, treats, beverages and entertainment, as well as pedicabs," with Wang's spokesperson revealing, "We thought of this as a public moment as well so that anyone who comes to see the show will also experience something beyond seeing it from the upper plaza." The eclectic collection, which featured a lot of button-down coats and jackets for fall, also featured a model wearing a Statue of Liberty crown:
 From chunky knits to leather galore, here's what to scoop up quick.  It's the most wonderful time of year: the Net-A-Porter sale. Every year, the fashion set flocks to the e-commerce site for one of the biggest designer sales of the season. Before all the Black Friday deals hit, find the pieces you've been eyeing all fall—from combat boots to statement coats and leather pieces galore. Below, shop some of our favorites from the 2019 sale before they sell out. Originally $650 Leather pants are back—get on board with the trend with Alexander Wang's straight-leg, cool girl iteration.  Originally $140 Upgrade your turtleneck roster with a bright pop of red that's perfect for the holiday season and beyond.  Originally $950 If you've yet to invest in a pair of combat boots this season, now's the time.  Originally $695 You can never have enough power blazers in your closet—and this strong-shouldered, '80s-inspired take won't disappoint.  Originally $350 This emerging bag designer is one to watch—and its snake-embossed shoulder bag is right on par for this season.  Originally $450 The perfect sweater dress—waist belt included to avoid looking frumpy. You can thank us later.  Originally $380 Take all your winter looks to the next level by topping them off with this plush faux fur coat.  Originally $1,590 An instant way to add a little luxury to your look, these knee-high croc boots are the ultimate splurge.  Originally $480 Snag one of this season's most-wanted sweaters before it sells out.  Originally $2,200 Add one of the season's hottest It bags to your collection in a hue that'll go with everything.  Originally $835 Go a little '70s with Khaite's luxe shearling-lined denim jacket.   Originally $250 Add a pair of tights and boots and you've got a look that works both at the office and on the weekend.  Originally $795 If you're not into the leather pant trend, this oversized, '80s-inspired leather coat is the perfect alternative.  Originally $390 The perfect every day black leather bootie.  Originally $350 A cozy chunky knit sweater to add some subtle color to your winter wardrobe.  Originally $565 Okay yes, we're giving you a lot of leather options, but this mini dress is practically begging to be styled with a white turtleneck and knee-high boots all season long.  Originally $455 An It girl sunglasses collab to scoop up before they sell out completely.  Originally $795 Style them with black tights and boots à la the Spring 2020 runways.  Originally $3,590 Max Mara is known for its ultra luxe, statement-making outerwear and this timeless camel coat is no exception. A splurge-worthy piece you'll wear for years. 
 And a haiku for each one... Fall 2018 came to a close in Paris. See the stand out looks from the week—and a poetic ode to each. Autumnal goodness Meets 1980s glam chic On a bed of leaves We love all of this Natacha Ramsay-Levi Mostly the jodhpurs  Camp Comme des Garçons Gave us dots, florals, volume And platform Nikes Patchwork and paige boys Reference the late '60s Counterculture luxe For her second run We saw these major faux furs Thanks, Clare Waight Keller  Dear Parisian star, Simon Porte Jacquemus The buzz is deserved Did you know you need A leather and tweed pantsuit? Well, dear, now you know. It's "Cry Baby" cool Meets Cherry Valance sweetness With a cowboy boot True greatness comes when Virgil goes equestrian Like this Texas tux You already knew Chitose Abe loves to layer And does it so well Hey Pierpaolo These vibrant, giant florals Will haunt our best dreams Spaceships meet the Louvre No one does cool separates Quite like Nicolas 
 Anwar Hadid, Nicola Peltz, and Virgil Abloh celebrate the debut of Clare Waight Keller's collection for Givenchy. The Hotel de Poulpry, a 16th-century Parisian mansion, proved the perfect setting for Givenchy's fright house fashion extravaganza, thrown in celebration of the launch of Clare Waight Keller's ready-to-wear collections for the brand. In the vein of the mystery and dark seduction evidenced in Waight Keller's black-and-white, black cat-adorned Givenchy ad campaign, the event was designed to be a thematic, surreal, multi-sensorial experience. Upon entering the manor, guests including, Anwar Hadid and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, actress Noomi Rapace, and Off White's creative director Virgil Abloh, were drawn into a video instillation projecting Waight Keller's spring-summer 2018 collection. Further into the evening, Givenchy launched into a small-scale music festival with a trio of performances by global female artists: Iranian-Dutch singer Sevdaliza, Belgian singer Justine Bourgeus aka Tsar B, and English model and musician Karen Elson. Then at midnight, the DJ Romy from the XX took to the spin tables, entertaining attendees well into the morning.  Click through to see the best looks from both A-list fashion attendees as well as pulls directly from esoteric atmosphere of the evening, which further lifts the curtain on the new creative spirit that artistic director Waight Keller is creating at Givenchy. The spring-summer 2018 collection will launch online and in Givenchy stores worldwide on March 5th, 2018. Anwar Hadid and Nicola Peltz Arizona Muse Choreography at the Hotel de Poulpry Hotel de Poulpry Choreography at the Hotel de Poulpry Karen Elson Noomi Rapace Romy XX Virgil Abloh
 The size-inclusive capsule collection is available in sizes 00 - 40. Brightening up all of our Tuesday's, Universal Standard and Rodarte just debuted a surprise collaboration that's both size-inclusive and affordable. The drop marks the first time Universal Standard has partnered with a luxury fashion brand, as well as Rodarte's first accessibly-priced collection since its Target collaboration in 2009.  Available in sizes 00 - 40, Rodarte x Universal Standard offers up the signature romance of Kate and Laura Mulleavy's brand at the inclusive size range that Universal Standard has become known and celebrated for. The capsule collection's pieces all range from $150 - $240 in price, compared to Rodarte's dresses which typically retail for upwards of $4,000.  “It shouldn’t be a far-fetched possibility for women of all sizes to have access to contemporary, ready-to-wear fashion, and experience supreme quality and design when buying clothing,” Alexandra Waldman, co-founder and Chief Creative Officer of Universal Standard, said in a statement from the brand. “I’ve always admired Kate and Laura’s unique eye and talent for creating ethereal and beautiful pieces. Rodarte’s design aesthetic is truly outstanding, and we’re thrilled to join forces for this incredible collaboration and offer elevated pieces that we can all experience and share.” From a ruffled red jumpsuit to the perfect day-to-night blouse and sweetheart-neckline dresses, the limited-edition collab comes just in time to usher your wardrobe into spring.  Launching today, Rodarte and Universal Standard's capsule collection is available to shop online at universalstandard.com and at Universal Standard’s flagship store in SoHo (located at 65 Greene St).
 The chic athleisure collection is full of leopard print.  Chic ready-to-wear label Veronica Beard has teamed up with our go-to luxe athleisure mecca Bandier. The ten-piece line of athletic clothes will give your Soul Cycle bike mates whip lash. Think: leopard printed leggings and sweatshirts with red stripe details, color blocked sports bras, and graphic tees all ranging in price from $88 - $225.    "Veronica Beard and Bandier both serve as premiere destinations for stylish women on-the go," says Veronica Swanson Beard, co-designer of Veronica Beard. "We are so excited to enter the activewear space with a partner that shares our vision of delivering women a compelling lifestyle proposition. Our mission is to offer women wardrobe solutions that empower them to conquer the many pursuits in their daily lives..."  The capsule also features Beard's iconic "Dickey Jacket" in a scuba material, with interchangeable dickeys in coordinating prints to the rest of the collection - including leopard and grey camo. “In 2010, Veronica and I launched with our now iconic Dickey Jacket. This piece has always resonated within the athleisure space, seamlessly merging the ease of comfort with the polish of tailoring. The dickeys designed for this collaboration feature french Terry, which when style with our classic Scuba fabrics, create a fresh and cool look,” says Veronica Miele Beard.  The Veronica Beard x Bandier collection launches today, November 1, at Veronica Beard and Bandier retail locations in New York, Dallas, and Los Angeles. You can also shop the collection at veronicabeard.com and bandier.com.
 We prefer being referred to as 'particular' over 'high-maintenance.' We prefer being referred to as 'particular' over 'high-maintenance.' Shop gifts for the discerning woman in your life—as Oscar Wilde once said, "I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best." Prove your love to the blingiest babe in your life. This bag goes from work to weekender in one chic statement. Gucci bag, $1,980, gucci.com. SHOP NOW Find your gf's, sister's, wife's or bff's sign and let them wear it with pride. Or give the sign of a favored child. The options are as endless as the stars—done up in 14-karat gold and diamonds.  It's how you take being warm just a little bit extra.  Chanel gloves, $1150, Available at select CHANEL Boutiques Nationwide. For more information, please call (800) 550 0005. Hermes is simply, forever. Hermes ‘O’Kelly’ Swift Calfskin and Palladium Plated Bracelet in Fuchsia, $560, hermes.com for info. Show her you totally get her style with original, minimal art for her home.  Kate Moss by Mario Sorrenti is a classic... This one-of-a-kind ring (yes, there is only one available!) is the ultimate luxury. The bigger the knit, the better the day... Get her something that lets her roll into any situation like the queen she is. Louis Vuitton suitcase, $3,250, louisvuitton.com. SHOP NOW Help her find her inner '70s rock star. Because she can't hit the slopes in just anything... Keep that comfy, cozy, slippers on your feet feeling all day long. What's better than a silk pjs done up in pink? Because you heart her, obviously. This forever piece is as pretty as it is utilitarian.  Add a little whimsy into the daily with this classic timepiece.  The new Bottega is what every discerning fashion girl wants now... A true slice of fashion life, Dior at its finest by the great Peter Lindbergh. Pre-order, taschen.com. SHOP NOW  A piece that everyone will want, for actual generations.  Chanel broach, $700, For information, please call (800) 550 0005 A pretty bow makes everything better... Leica's latest shooter boasts a versatile lens and large high-resolution image sensor—it has numerous new functions and features such as a touchscreen display, Bluetooth connectivity, USB-C charging and Post-Focus software effects—all perfect for travel.  Let her know her presence is a present. It's called luxury, ever heard of it? Because a (new) classic bag is forever... The next gen Hermes watch, Galop d'Hermes watch, 40.8 x 26 mm, for the classic girl who likes that new, new, too.  All the cool girls are wearing them... These Bottega winners are a forever piece that are as chic as she wants to be. Pretty shoes are truly the way to some girls' hearts. Give the gift of going green, literally—with a on-trend Fiddle Leaf Fig or some other chic plant. This pretty barrette feels like a throwback in the best way. This is—clearly—a fantastic bag to add to her closet. Show your love, quite literally. Because sometimes a lady shines so bright she needs shades. Just imagine the look on her face when she sees a McQueen gown in a box with a bow... A true party dress with major twirl-factor. The perfect present to give a host, or to yourself to ring in a very pretty pink holiday season. This tailored blazer it what we like to call a "Forever Piece." Nothing says "I love you" better than a seriously chic selfie mirror. Give her ring collection a major upgrade with this sparkling emerald band.  This charming little bag is season-less—and very chic. A thoughtful, artful gift goes a long way. Does it get any cozier?
 Casual.  While some sports fanatics may wear their teams' gear or perhaps a pair of sneakers to attend a game, Kendall Jenner opted for a more high-fashion approach at a Los Angeles Clippers game on Saturday night.  The model turned the courtside into her own runway by wearing Saint Laurent's impossible-to-miss sparkling knee-high boots while cheering on her rumored boyfriend Blake Griffin during his game. And although some attendees may have been watching the actual basketball game (yawn), others had the right idea and instead were busy staring at Jenner's standout boots, which she happily showed off.  Giving us some The Devil Wears Prada vibes, she was all,"Are you wearing—the sparkly Saint Laurent boots? Yeah, I am," from her courtside seat.    The head-turning-boots cost a cool $10,000 and are embellished with a subtle 6,000 rhinestones. But the model managed to make them a bit more casual by styling them with a pair of ripped blue jeans and an oversized turtleneck sweater.  Previously worn by Rihanna, Cardi B, and Céline Dion, the disco-inspired boots first made their debut on Saint Laurent's Fall 2017 runway back in February. Proving the surprising versatility of the rhinestone-embellished boots, Bad Gal Riri and Céline Dion wore them out and about on the street, while Cardi B wore hers to perform at the MTV VMA's over the summer.    Kendall's outing, however, marks the boots' first appearance at a sporting event. And while I'm no sports expert, I'm fairly certain that basketball could benefit from more sparkly footwear on the court.  Saint Laurent boots, $10,000, saksfifthavenue.com. SHOP
 The famous chef makes a foray into fashion with Moxie Made.  Celebrity chef, television personality, and best-selling author Rachael Ray is trying her hand at fashion with the launch of Moxie Made, an e-commerce site that highlights female-founded brands. Ray announced the digital market place at a celebration during South by Southwest (SXSW). In 2017 and 2018 she hosted a temporary pop-up called Moxie Shop during the SXSW season.  Model and designer Camila Alves, television host and interior designer Genevieve Gorder;  Alia Ahmed-Yahia of BAZAAR.com's Design Girlfriend series; Ray's stylist Cara Jammet; and bloggers Sara Escudero of Collage Vintage, and Courtney Kerr or Kerrently were in attendance to help fete Ray's new digital style endeavor. For Ray, the inclusion and promotion of inspirational women along with their unique perspectives inspired her new venture.  “I wanted Moxie Made to amplify the dynamic voices of women doing things differently while building a community that encourages and promotes curiosity, innovation, and the power of fashion's self-expression," Ray said in a statement. "The way you dress can make a statement about who you are, what you support, and the experiences you value.” The online marketplace carries designers from across the globe including Deepa Lakhani of jewelry brand Deepa Gurnani. Lakhani previously beaded couture pieces for Alexander McQueen, Emanuel Ungaro, Fendi, and Marjan Pejoski. Each item of jewelry from her line is handmade in India which "help[s] preserve an age-old beaded embroidery technique," according to the press release.   
  Kate Ciepluch of luxe t-shirt brand Banner Day is another designer available on Moxie Made. She creates embroidered t-shirts with a touch of nostalgia that appeals to the site's essence of high-quality craftsmanship and "intentional design." Other brands that encapsulate Moxie Made's “authentic is luxury” mindset include: hand-painted jackets by Adrienne Christos; vintage pieces from Squash Blossom; scarf brand Lexicon of Style; ready-to-wear line Glenn + Glenn; travel-inspired brand Lost & Found by J.Friedman; milliner Mohawk Couture; jewelry brand Kar-bn; and Hat Attack. 
 “Moxie Made has an authentic spirit that’s relevant to women today; it is exactly where retail should be, and as always Rachael is ahead of the game,” said brand ambassador Zanna Roberts Rassi of Marie Claire, Milk Makeup, and E! News. “Everyone wants to buy things with character, things that have a backstory. With the thoughtful craftsmanship and strength of a genuine community of women behind it, Moxie Made is making that possible.”  In conjunction with the launch of her website, Ray debuted another fashion venture: Convalore, her accessories label. The debut collection features seven bags such as a leather clutch available in black and leopard print ($128). There's a classic tote made of vegetable-tanned leather with hammered stud accents. Ray's debut fashion label also includes a release of three belts. In a nod to Moxiemade's emphasis on authenticity (and Ray's Italian-American heritage), all products from Convalore are designed "with leather sourced from multi-generational artisans in Tuscany." 
 See the winning editorial of high-drama outerwear shot in Canadian ice caves. For the second year in a row, Harper's BAZAAR won the Lucie Award for Fashion Layout of the year at the Annual International Photography gala. BAZAAR is known for taking risks and pushing the boundaries with fashion photography, and the winning September issue story, "Deep Freeze," did just that. Photographed by Txema Yeste on the Blackcomb Glacier near Whistler, Canada—a location reachable only by helicopter–our team risked their lives to capture high-drama outerwear in ice caves on a melting glacier. The end result featured Aya Jones in looks from Marc Jacobs, Givenchy, Valentino, and more amongst the picturesque snowy landscape—but the shots didn't come easily. After ferrying the crew to the location, a helicopter air-dropped the gear and clothing in for the shoot. Beforehand, all the fashion had to be carefully weighed—and a few items left behind to balance the load. As the shoot progressed, the crew could hear the glacier begin to crack and fall. Due to the dangerous conditions, a local expert went ahead of the team, poking holes to determine where it was safe to walk along the icy landscape. Despite the location's challenging conditions, the crew—equipment and fashion included—all made it back on the helicopter out by dusk. And with an award-winning fashion editorial to show for. 

 The 24-year-old Parisian actress waxes rhapsodic about life in NYC. I started acting when I was three years old in the living room of our family apartment; the sofas and the table were my set, the soft toys were my supporting actors, and my mother was the audience.  I spent hours lost in my imagination and when my mother would take me out and around Paris, my fast-moving childlike perspective would fuel my next narrative. I would take unsuspecting strangers and incidents home with me and inside my head; before sleep, I would concoct a new scene for the next day. Today, I’m twenty-four-years old and New York is my cherished playground of inspiration. Chanel top and skirt, Illesteva glasses  Bevza dress and jacket, Cartier necklace, Ben-Amun earrings "New York is my playground of inspiration."  Street photography in New York is a popular pastime, both in the past and the present. Hundreds of fingers press photography triggers every day as they hope to be the next Vivian Maier. Amongst the stolen moments and silent exchanges there is a lot to hear, and if we stop just for a moment … there are conversations to have and stories to learn, real ones. Some days the city is moving so fast it’s a whirlwind of anxiety and it makes Paris feel like a country town, but I wouldn’t have it any other way. Zac Posen top and skirt, Temps Des Rêves scarf, Peracas Jewellery earrings  Being a French girl in New York has its moments of hilarity. I’ve yet to find anyone who pronounces my name correctly the first time, but now I have a collection of cute nicknames.  "Being a French actress is full of “what the fuck” moments." Auditions move as fast as the stock exchange, but to be honest, the romantic cliché of being French is as charming as it has always been—I wear my mariniere and my beret and search for an allusive terrasse to enjoy a glass of wine; at that moment, Paris doesn’t seem too far away   Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello bodysuit, Wolford tights, Illesteva glasses, Ben-Amun earrings I guess my connection with the English language came from the freedom of it, just like when I was a child in my living room and I wasn’t overthinking about the lines or the meaning of the words. So far, New York has been wonderful, the generosity of the people here breathtaking and in every corner, I discover pockets of beauty.   Zac Posen top and skirt, Temps Des Rêves scarf, Peracas Jewellery earrings 
 Major changes are afoot at the French fashion house.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Per The New York Times, Lanvin's new creative director has finally been named after a period of uncertainty. Bruno Sialelli joins the brand from Spanish fashion house Loewe, where he served as the head of menswear, per WWD. Lanvin's relatively new owners, the Chinese company Fosun International, and its newly-appointed chief executive, Jean-Philippe Hecquet, made the announcement. In a statement (via The New York Times), Hecquet said it was Sialelli's "singular and very personal vision, his audacity, his culture, his energy and ability to build a strong creative team" that made him the perfect person for the coveted role.  Back in March 2018 it was announced that Olivier Lapidus was leaving Lanvin after less than a year as the brand's creative director. Then, in November 2018, it was revealed that Lucas Ossendrijver, Lanvin's menswear artistic director, was also leaving the company after 14 years. WWD claims that there could be further changes to come, suggesting that the house’s jewelry designer, Elie Top, could also be eyeing a move. SUBSCRIBE
 That's one way to cover your dirty laundry... It goes without saying that often we see items on the catwalk that are completely impractical to wear in real life. Gucci’s glitter mesh mask, YSL’s fully feathered dress, and well, most things Rei Kawakubo designs, are just a few examples. More often than not, one would assume that these less than wearable products are made for the theatrics of the catwalk and rarely go into production. However, Moschino seems to be disproving that theory, as it is currently selling a dry-cleaning bag dress for $733. Moschino dress, $733, brownsfashion.com. shop The transparent dress was a part of Moschino’s autumn/winter 2017 collection. On the catwalk, the dress (or “sheer cape overlay” as it’s being described) was worn by Stella Maxwell over a black full-length gown. The item is currently on sale at Browns Fashion and is retailing for £560 ($733). The website describes the garment as “a slip-on sleeveless design made from a see-through polyester re-used plastic bag” and also notes that the dress should not be washed or dry cleaned. How's that for irony? 
  From: Harper's BAZAAR Australia
 Think biker shorts, blazers, and dad sneakers. This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Emily Ratajkowski's unexpected style inspiration is none other than the impeccably-dressed Princess Diana. EmRata explained to Us Weekly that for the summertime, she is inspired by the '80s and Lady Di's sporty-chic off-duty looks. “I’m trying to go ‘80s and have been thinking about Princess Diana’s street and ready-to-wear moments like a blazer and a bike short and a big sneaker,” she told the magazine.      Like Lady Diana, EmRata seems to be a fan of the athleisure trend, however, the model prefers to add her own scantily-clad spin to the looks. Last summer, Ratajkowski was spotted in an army green sleeveless crop top, black biker shorts from Kith, Yeezy sneakers, and a crossbody bag from Laval.  Us Weekly also noted that the We Are Your Friends actress favors vintage earrings. For her outing, EmRata wore a chunky pair of gold-tone hoop earrings and a burgundy pair of sunglasses.   Princess Diana's gym-ready outfits skewed more casual yet still colorful. In one photo, she sported a periwinkle sweatshirt with yellow accents, coral biker shorts, chunky white sneakers, and a pair of high socks. She looked like she was on her way to a workout while her white towel flung over her left shoulder and her oversized tortoiseshell sunglasses framed her face. Ratajkowski also shared her three tips for vintage shopping: Pinterest (for inspiration), persistence, and tailoring. “It’s all about patience and don’t be afraid to alter. If you see potential in something, do it,” she said.  She also touched on her killer date night style with her husband Sebastian Bear-McClard. (The pair celebrated their one year wedding anniversary in February).  “I like to wear an oversized jacket, a pair of Levi’s, one of my Inamorata tops, and a sneaker or boot and I feel good,” she added.  Summer officially starts on Friday, June 21, so both you and EmRata have time to get your best Princess Diana-inspired lewks ready for the 'gram.  Feast your eyes on Lady Di's killer outfits below for some major style inspiration. 

 Nothing says the holidays quite like lassoing a cactus in a denim corset.  This year's Love Advent calendar has mostly been a series of sexy and strong workout videos but for Day 20, Irina Shayk gives us all a break from the gym and saddles up instead.  Starring as a sexy cowgirl, the Victoria's Secret model wears a denim corset, cowboy hat, leather Coach holster, and sequin cowboy boots in the Wild West-themed video. Shayk shows off her insanely toned body while riding around on a toy horse and lassoing a man dressed up like a cactus, as any good cowboy does.  After capturing the cactus man (that's what we'll call him) and his cowboy friend, the model smacks her conquests around with the sunflowers she pulled from her gun holster. And while you've never seen a cowboy film quite like this, the video ends with Shayk riding off into the sunset on her horse as any good Western does.  This year's Love Advent calendar has so far included Ashley Graham, Gigi Hadid, Kendall Jenner, Winnie Harlow, Bella Hadid, and more, all starring in various exercise-inspired visuals. Though it's not entirely clear why Irina's Day 20 video veered from the #StayStrong theme, we're not exactly complaining about the model putting her own cowgirl twist on the series. 
 The teenagers appear alongside model Lulu Tenney in the new ads.  Millie Bobby Brown, Paris Jackson, and Lulu Tenney are the latest to appear in Calvin Klein's ongoing "Our Family. #MyCalvins" campaign.  Following the likes of the Kardashian/Jenner siblings, Solange Knowles and co., the A$AP mob, and the Gerber siblings, the three teenagers pose alongside each other in red, white, and blue looks for the brand's newest ads.  SHOP ALL THE CK CAMPAIGN LOOKS HERE Shot by Willy Vanderperre, the photos were staged in the same rustic barn as the brand's previous "Our Family" campaigns—and feature the same Americana-inspired quilt. Millie, Paris, and Lulu all wear pieces from the Calvin Klein Jeans and Calvin Klein Underwear lines—all of which range in price from $20 - $128 and are currently available to shop online now.  The trio also appears in an accompanying video, in which they pick sunflower petals and run around the picturesque barn, as all cool teens do.  Though Calvin Klein's previous "Our Family" campaigns have focused more on actual familial ties (Kaia and Presley Gerber; the Kardashian and Jenner sisters), the concept has evolved to include all displays of unity amongst creative individuals. In this case, Millie, Paris, and Lulu all have ongoing ties to the brand and previously starred together in a music video for The xx in collaboration with Raf Simons.  Millie Bobby Brown for Calvin Klein  "The evolved #MYCALVINS concept has family at its center, a display of unity between strong individuals, further emphasized by the symbolism of the traditional American quilt. This campaign captures these bonds and brings to life different ways we can inspire families – both born and made – to connect with one another, and celebrate the things that unite us," reads a statement from the brand.  Paris Jackson for Calvin Klein Lulu Tenney for Calvin Klein You can shop the full campaign now at calvinklein.com. 
 Author Robin Morgan converses with Dior creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri, while sisters May and Ruth Bell, and TK Wonder and Cipriana Quann explore The Sister Chapel, a monumental feminist work. It began with an e-mail from the House of Dior, from a stranger I’d read about: Maria Grazia Chiuri, the first woman to become creative director of that venerable French institution. She was writing to request my collaboration on feminist T-shirts for her Fall 2019 collection and invite me to her show in Paris. Being a creature of words, I’m grateful that the three anthologies I edited—Sisterhood Is Powerful, Sisterhood Is Global, and Sisterhood Is Forever—had achieved cult status. But Dior T-shirts bearing their titles was something I never anticipated. Maria Grazia wrote that the Sisterhood Is Global Institute, the organization that Simone de Beauvoir and I cofounded in 1984, would receive a donation plus a percentage of the profit from each T-shirt sold. Feminists like ourselves—who work with grassroots activists around the world on issues such as human trafficking and laws allowing forced and child marriage—spend sizable chunks of our lives fund-raising. So donation, you say? Percentage of each T-shirt sold? Incroyable! Off I went to Paris to meet my new friend.  Maria Grazia radiates Italian exuberance. Her laugh is infectious. She’s unpretentious and warm, with a sharp intelligence. She surrounds herself mostly with female colleagues, especially younger feminists, including her 22-year-old daughter, Rachele, whom she calls her muse. And she doesn’t just mentor these young women; she actively seeks out their advice and listens to it. Maria Grazia’s feminism is authentic, and she wants her work in fashion to reflect something greater than itself.    Ever since that first day we met in Paris, we have e-mailed each other or FaceTimed when schedules permit, and, as women do, we sometimes even send little presents. There’s affection, support, laughter. On October 22, Maria Grazia will come to New York to receive the Sisterhood Is Powerful Award for Wearable Media from the Women’s Media Center, cofounded by Jane Fonda, Gloria Steinem, and myself, at the annual Women’s Media Awards gala. So when Bazaar asked us to share parts of our conversation while Maria Grazia was briefly in Dallas with the traveling exhibition “Dior: From Paris to the World,” we welcomed such elegant eavesdropping.  Sisterhood is very important. Together women can, as you’ve written, make the world better. I was lucky to begin my career at Fendi, with the five women who built that company. There was teamwork, which gave me the idea that it’s possible for women to work together— Yes. There used to be this idea that women had to compete with other women for a man. Now women are more independent; they don’t need a man to support them.  I don’t think women experience power the same way as men. I’m 55, but want to hear different opinions, from women who are 22 and from women with more years and experience than me. I completely agree. Your books, and the work of other artists, helped me understand this concept because I never got to study such arguments in school. Nobody spoke to us about patriarchal power. I was proud that you consented to have your book titles on the T-shirts because it’s a way to promote these ideas.  “I don’t think women experience power the same way as men.”  I think fashion can do a lot. Fashion is very popular, so it can help broadcast a message and reach a new generation.  Yes, because in the past women were unable to see themselves through their own eyes. When I started to work as a designer, the prevailing attitude was that fashion should tell women what they should wear. But I believe that women must develop their own personal style and realize everyone is different. Yes, it adds richness to life. We need to pay attention to what we do as an industry because we can send positive messages, but we can also send very bad ones. That we have to send a good message. Of course we have to acknowledge we are a luxury brand and that not all people can buy our products. But I was so happy after my first show when I did the we should all be feminists T-shirt and I saw fake T-shirts all around the world!  If someone sees your book titles on a T-shirt and then Googles and finds the books, that’s the goal for me. And, really, I can thank Dior for supporting me in this. Everyone seemed worried, “Uh-oh, you are political.” But the company never stopped me. Everything is political anyway! Everything you buy, everything you eat. Life is political! There were people who didn’t believe a woman could be creative director at such a huge brand as Dior. Why is it so strange? Creativity has no gender. When I started to work in fashion, I never supposed this would be possible because as a woman you don’t believe in yourself. Absolutely. As women we are taught that we are supposed to take care of others, that it’s wrong to think about our own creativity. We all have to get such ideas out of our minds. It’s not easy, eh?  “Fashion is very popular, so it can help broadcast a message and reach a new generation.”  And I want to thank you, Robin. You and all the women who support me in this project. This year was very intense. Honestly, I could never do this alone. Oh, I love, love pasta! And chocolate! I love sun, and I love sleep. One book that relaxes me a lot is Pride and Prejudice. I think I’ve read it 10 times.  Me too, like you! That is sisterhood!   GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF BAZAAR
 Celebrate America and treat yourself with these deals.   America’s birthday (i.e., July 4th) is almost here, and yes, it’s a holiday. But you know what else is happening that day (and through the whole week)? A bunch of amazing deals on cute clothes, shoes, and home goods as well as all the beauty products you can imagine (hello, Ulta Summer Sale!). Keep scrolling for the best dang discounts happening this week—and even continuing into the weekend—in honor of the Fourth. Because what’s more American than getting more use out of your dollars, right?! 
 Originally: $88 Originally: $24  Originally: $175 Take 20% off with code JULY4  
From: Cosmopolitan US

 The collaboration will include footwear, apparel, and the relaunch of Bey's athleisure brand.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Prepare to never wear anything but activewear and sneakers again, because Beyoncé is joining forces with Adidas. The two announced a new partnership in April 2019, which will include footwear, apparel, and the relaunch of Beyoncé's Ivy Park brand. “This is the partnership of a lifetime for me,” Beyoncé said in a statement from the brand. “Adidas has had tremendous success in pushing creative boundaries. We share a philosophy that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business. I look forward to re-launching and expanding Ivy Park on a truly global scale with a proven, dynamic leader.” On April 26, 2019, Beyoncé teased her partnership with Adidas by sharing photos of herself in a room filled with sneakers while wearing a fitted red bodysuit: A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Apr 26, 2019 at 8:56am PDT A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Apr 26, 2019 at 8:58am PDT  Oohweebeebeefreakydeakythinkmeseeshepinkbikinirockthatkufidyethatshikinefertitiedgeskinky😆 A post shared by  Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Apr 26, 2019 at 8:58am PDT As a new creative partner to the Germany-based sports giant, Beyoncé will co-design a mix of sportswear ranging from performance to lifestyle pieces. Additionally, the partnership will include the relaunch of Bey's activewear brand Ivy Park, which she purchased back from Topshop in 2018. Upon doing so, she became one of the first black women to solely own an athleisure brand.   A post shared by adidas (@adidas) on Apr 4, 2019 at 7:00am PDT “As the creator sports brand, Adidas challenges the status quo and pushes the limits of creativity through its open source approach," Eric Liedtke, executive board member of Adidas, said in a statement from the brand. "Beyoncé is an iconic creator but also a proven business leader, and together, we have the ability to inspire change and empower the next generation of creators,” The brand has yet to reveal when the first of its Beyoncé-designed pieces will launch, but we'll be waiting on standby and signing up for updates until then. 
 From her fashion favorites to what she splurges on... From her fashion favorites to what she splurges on, our October cover star reveals her ultimate must-haves. See her entire cover shoot here.  "My signature scent is mine, of course." Jennifer Aniston Luxe eau de parfum, $39, kohls.com. SHOP "Chris McMillan, my hairstylist, kind of has me addicted. I can’t ever re-create what he does to my hair." "Cabo San Lucas is my favorite vacation spot." "I love my Jennifer Meyer good-luck pendant." Jennifer Meyer necklace, $1,375, jennifermeyer.com. SHOP "I always love a good Mexican dish, like fluffy crispy tortilla chips with guac." "My last fashion purchase was a Nili Lotan shirt and pants.” Nili Lotan shirt and jeans, $350 each, nililotan.com. SHOP "I kidnapped a pair of my husband’s [Justin Theroux] jeans, and they look better on me than they do on him!" "My current Netflix binge is Ozark. It’s brilliant."
 Watch the angel get her wings.  This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. End of dialog window. Candice Swanepoel shocked us all last year, just a few weeks after walking in the 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in Shanghai, she announced she was pregnant. Yes, as in, she walked the lingerie extravaganza while pregnant and we were none the wiser.  In June, she gave birth to her second son, Ariel, in Brazil. "One day I'll get to tell my son he opened up the Victoria Secret show in China," Swanepoel told Bazaar.    These are the most precious gifts life has given me. I am a lucky woman to be their mommy, to help guide them through this thing called life........ Now they will always have each other 💙Anacan & Ariel💙  #brothers A post shared by  Candice Swanepoel (@angelcandices) on Jun 24, 2018 at 2:05pm PDT Just a few months earlier, she also managed to launch her own swimsuit line, Tropic of C earlier this year. What can't this supermodel mom do?  Between being a mom and a CEO, it's amazing this Angel has time to fit in her workouts. "I work out a lot at home, just taking care of them is a workout. Yeah it's part of my job to take care of myself.  I have to kind of remind myself of that sometimes because as women we feel a little selfish to spend time on ourselves, even when its your job," Swanepoel says of her prep time leading up to this year's Victoria Secret Fashion Show.  For the first time in two years, the show returned to New York City where it all started. "I'm so happy to be back in New York, I feel like this show is always at it's best in New York City." She's also looking forward to her model bestie Behati Prinsloo returning to the catwalk as well. Much like Swanepoel, Behati also had two babies back to back with husband Adamn Levine—which meant she missed the VS show in Paris and Shanghai.  Luck for us, Swanepoel invited us for a behind-the-scenes look at one of her costumes for this year's show. "My first look is amazing, it's kind of simple but i love the simplicity of it. the wings are really elegant, very swan like which is very appropriate for me," Swanepoel told Bazaar while dressed in a much more modest look than last year's show.  This will be the Angel's 11th show with Victoria Secret, but she's still excited year after year. "I think my favorite part is being together will all the girls. You really appreciate girl time and being able to be with your friends and getting glammed up a lot more when you're a mommy." The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show will air on December 2nd at 10 PM on ABC.
 Forget leggings. Kim Kardashian, who has already worn the world's tiniest trench coat with no pants, and a slashed, ab-baring dress during New York Fashion Week, stepped out in another experimental—and relatively naked—look yesterday. This one involved wearing sheer tights as leggings: ...because if there's any time to try it, it's now.  
From: ELLE US

 All the street style that's fit to print... Off the runways of Gucci, Prada and Fendi and onto the streets we go, where Tyler Joe snaps the ladies who bring it during fashion week. 
 The looks to channel this season. With fall temperatures officially upon us, boot and jacket season is finally here. Get inspired for a new season of fashion with the fall-ready street style looks spotted at Paris Fashion Week. From menswear-inspired blazers to statement-making jackets, here are 12 outfits to try now.  Whether a ruffled skirt or blue jeans, top off your look with an oversized gray checked blazer this season.  Alexander Wang blazer, $995, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Embrace a rich autumn color palette with deep rust and soft camel hues.  Acne Studios coat, $2,600, acnestudios.com. SHOP Try a dark, moody floral print in a ruffled dress or skirt. Layer a leather moto jacket to add an extra edge.  Acne Studios dress, $750, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Acne Studios leather jacket, $1,650, shopBAZAAR.com. SHOP Mix and match opposing prints like bright florals with gray plaid for a masculine-meets-feminine look.  Blue Life skirt, $152, revolve.com. SHOP Topshop blazer, $75, topshop.com. SHOP Opt for a vinyl trench or hat this season for a fresh update on fall classics.  Diane von Furstenberg trench, $1,725, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Go for a high-meets-low mix with a menswear-inspired blouse and casual blue jeans.  Co blouse, $725, net-a-porter.com. SHOP 7 For All Mankind jeans, $131, bergdorfgoodman.com. SHOP Contrast a feminine maxi dress with athletic sneakers.   Nike sneakers, $120, eastbay.com. SHOP Embrace the matchy matchy look with a coordinating suit set paired with white stiletto boots.  Joseph suit jacket, $745, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Joseph trousers, $445, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Channel the '80s in a structured power blazer paired with a feminine skirt.  Raey blazer, $410, matchesfashion.com. SHOP Opt for updated fall classics like an oversized trench and white ankle boots for a no-fail outfit pairing.  Tibi jacket, $1,290, net-a-porter.com. SHOP Stuart Weitzman boots, $575, shopbop.com. SHOP Try fall's hottest color trench in a sweeping duster coat.  Alice + Olivia coat, $495, aliceandolivia.com. SHOP And when all else fails, channel your inner Parisian and top off any look with a cool leather beret.  Urban Outfitters leather beret, $39, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP
 Whether you're shopping for a gift or for yourself, the charitable fashion that gives back.   While giving a luxe or stylish gift is always exciting, there's nothing quite as meaningful as a gift that gives back in a bigger way. But now there's no need to choose between a luxury gift, or a gift that gives back thanks to Olivela. Whether it's a stunning piece of jewelry or the latest It bag, luxury shopping makes us feel good, and now you can also feel good about its impact on the world. Olivela is the go-to destination for buying designer goods for philanthropists at heart—with each purchase, proceeds are donated to a variety of causes benefitting children. This season, they're working with CARE to provide schooling for female refugees, alongside other non-profits like Malala Fund and Too Young to Wed. Buying a pair of heels could make the difference of 25 days of school for a Syrian refugee, and that's why we're making Olivela our destination for Christmas gifts and beyond. The website, which launched in 2017 by founder Stacey Boyd, automatically donates 20% of every purchase with no extra charge to the buyer. The brand has also expanded into a brick-and-mortar store in Aspen. The website and Aspen store both boast an eclectic curation of designer names from emerging brands like Maggie Marilyn and ARIAS to established heavy-hitters like  Max Mara, Ferragamo and Victoria Beckham. Whether you're looking for the perfect faux fur, statement earrings, or something with a little sparkle, below we picked out some of our favorites for gifting (and receiving).  A curated collection of Nest's best-selling scents make a perfect gift for the home.  Provides 1 day of school for Syrian refugees.  An asymmetrical hemline with fringe detailing makes this slip dress anything but basic.  Provides 13 days of school for Syrian refugees.  These studded slingback ankle strap kitten heels adds edge to an everyday outfit.  Provides 13 days of school for Syrian refugees.   A bold, matte red lip makes the perfect statement day or night.  Provides 1 day of school for Syrian refugees.  The broach on this utility jacket amps up the cool factor.  Provides 28 days of school for Syrian refugees. An oversized top handle on a mini bag is très chic.  Provides 13 days of school for Syrian refugees.  A timeless vintage-inspired pair of aviators make a great gift.  Provides 6 days of school for Syrian refugees. Keep warm this winter in a color blocked merino wool sweater.  Provides 16 days of school for Syrian refugees. Chase away the winter blues in a wrapped front sequin pencil skirt.  Provides 17 days of school for Syrian refugees.   Cool, colorblocked sneakers will go with everything in your closet.  Provides 11 days of school for Syrian refugees.  Channel Blair Waldorf in this metallic leather headband with twist detail.  Provides 5 days of school for Syrian refugees. A lavish silk trench that you don't have to feel guilty about splurging on.  Provides 74 days of school to Syrian refugees.  Dazzle in asymmetric starburst studs with topaz and granulation detailing set in 14K gold.  Provides 18 days of school for Syrian refugees. Cinch the waist in a wrap-around silk belt with double ring closure.  Provides 6 days of school for Syrian refugees.  A leopard print puffer coat will stand out in a sea of black.  Provides 60 days of school Syrian refugees.   An elegant wristlet will come in handy this holiday season.  Provides 8 days of school for Syrian refugees.   Slide into hand painted leopard mules by Miami-based stylist, Irma Martinez.  Provides 7 days of school for Syrian refugees. This cashmere travel set is a no-brainer for frequent jetsetters.  Provides 10 days of school for Syrian refugees.  Snooze in style in a luxurious silk set with color contrasting piping.  Provides 26 days of school for Syrian refugees.  Make a statement in earrings decked with jade, mother of pearl, and glass beads on gold plated brass branches.  Provides 14 days of school for Syrian refugees. 
 Because dressing for the office in freezing temperatures can feel uninspired.  If the thought of dropping temperatures and slushy streets have sent you into a winter outfit rut, you're not alone. Dressing for work underneath a giant puffer coat can sometimes feel a bit uninspired, so take note from these well-dressed women who have their cold weather looks on lock. This season, add a leather midi skirt to your 9-to-5 wardrobe. It'll prove to be a versatile statement piece for the office, working with everything from classic white blouses to blazers and beyond.  Get the look: Rebecca Taylor vegan leather skirt, $425, rebeccataylor.com. SHOP NOW  Put a twist on your classic suit by styling it with a pair of croc-embossed knee-high boots. Tuck your trousers into the boots to really let your footwear shine.  Get the look: Paris Texas croc knee-high boots, $795, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW Breathe some fresh life into your favorite knit sweater by styling it with a pair of matching pants for a monochromatic look.  Get the look: J.Crew turtleneck sweater, $89, jcrew.com. SHOP NOW Channel your inner schoolgirl with a knee-length plaid skirt that's very of the moment—especially when paired with knee-high boots and a blazer.  Get the look: Ceffin midi skirt, $335, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Work a little unexpected leather into your office outfits in the form of a blazer-style leather jacket. The look feels fresh, but still polished when styled with trousers or a skirt.  Get the look: Nanushka leather blazer, $595, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW A long-sleeve maxi dress styled with boots is always an effortlessly chic outfit formula.  Get the look: Farm Rio maxi dress, $255, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Top off a sweater and skirt with a pair of contrasting knee-high boots that will instantly make your look pop.  Get the Look: Schutz boots, $295, schutz-shoes.com.  SHOP NOW Red is a power color, so why not double up on it at the office with a knit dress and a matching jacket or cardigan?  Get the look: Eloquii red dress, $90, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW A reminder that a classic white button-down will never go out of style. This season, make the look feel preppier with a half-tuck into a pleated midi skirt.  Get the look: Grayson button-down shirt, $128, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW A turtleneck serves as the ultimate starting point of any winter work look—and is helpful in toning down those more daring pieces (like a pair of leather pants).   Get the look: Uniqlo turtleneck, $25, uniqlo.com. SHOP NOW To avoid bulky-looking layers, belt a jacket to accentuate your waist.  Get the look: Isabel Marant belt, $160, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Style an oversized turtleneck over a midi-length skirt and top it off with knee-high leather boots.  Get the look: & Other Stories oversized turtleneck, $119, stories.com. SHOP NOW A plush faux fur coat instantly makes any outfit glam.  Get the look: Stand Studio faux fur coat, $308, farfetch.com.  SHOP NOW   A skirt suit serves as a chic alternative to the classic pantsuit look. Make it work for a cold day by layering a turtleneck underneath and adding boots.  Get the look: Maje blazer, $525, and matching skirt, $340, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW A knit turtleneck dress paired with suede knee-high boots is a no-fail look that will feel fresh all season long.  Get the look: H&M turtleneck dress, $40, hm.com. SHOP NOW Make an all black outfit standout by adding an animal print coat on top.  Get the look: Proenza Schouler coat, $1,350, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Transition white trousers to winter temperatures with the help of a knit sweater and pumps.  Get the look: Everlane cable knit sweater, $65-$91, everlane.com. SHOP NOW Avoid the winter blues with the help of a bright red statement coat that will look good layered over all your cold weather looks.  Get the look: Mackage coat, $750, shopbop.com. SHOP NOW Style a menswear-inspired blazer and trousers with a pair of sleek stiletto boots for the perfect masculine-meets-feminine contrast.  Get the look: Tibi blazer, $695, modaoperandi.com. SHOP NOW A crewneck sweater and pleated midi skirt makes for the perfect combo.  Get the look: Halogen x Atlantic Pacific faux leather pleated skirt, $139, nordstrom.com. SHOP NOW Mix and match suede and leather for an unexpectedly cool contrast.  Get the look: Avec Les Filles suede jacket, $499, urbanoutfitters.com. SHOP NOW Mix the fabrics and textures of an all black look to really make it stand out.  Get the look: Club Monaco leather detailed blazer, $279, clubmonaco.com. SHOP NOW Breathe new life into your wardrobe in the form of some statement accessories like a chain-detailed bag and sculptural heels.  Get the look: Yuzefi bag, $410, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Cozy up in a matching sweater and knit skirt that's not only comfortable, but makes for an instant LEWK.  Get the look: ASOS skirt co-ord, $40, asos.com. SHOP NOW Make your over-the-knee boots office-appropriate by styling them with a midi-length skirt.  Get the look: Anderson Belle skirt, $340, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW Try a monochromatic look with a matching overcoat.  Get the look: Farrow trench coat, $53, needsupply.com. SHOP NOW From the office to the weekend, a checked wool coat will be your wardrobe MVP throughout the season.  Get the look: Mango checked wool coat, $229, mango.com. SHOP NOW
 Maria Grazia Chiuri collaborated with several African artists on the "Common Ground" collection.  From Tokyo to Monaco and even Los Angeles, Dior is no stranger to a jet-set fashion show. But for its Resort 2020 collection, the French fashion house traveled to one of its most stunning locations yet: Marrakech.  Held in El Badi Palace, a historic palace dating back to the 16th century, Dior lit up its runway with hundreds of floating candles, fire pits, and a surprise performance by Diana Ross after the show.     The Moroccan city not only served as host to Dior's latest runway; its artists and culture helped inspire and create the collection. The theme was "Common Ground," which it sought to achieve through a series of collaborations with several African artists, offering a fresh point-of-view from the storied French fashion house. At a time when the fashion industry is increasingly being called out for cultural appropriation, it was a risky move—but Maria Grazia Chiuri aimed for appreciation, not appropriation.  Common Ground: "Opinions or interests shared by each of two or more parties," as defined by the Oxford English Dictionary. Discover #DiorCommonGround on Monday, April 29th, for the unveiling of #MariaGraziaChiuri's #DiorCruise 2020 collection in Marrakesh. A post shared by  Dior Official (@dior) on Apr 28, 2019 at 10:00am PDT The artistic director tapped Anne Grosfilley, an anthropologist specializing in African textiles and fashion, to consult on the entire collection. Grosfilley helped source fabrics and reinterpret signature Dior motifs with Uniwax, a local manufacturer from Ivory Coast. Several pieces were done in 100% African Wax—made from cottons grown, spun, and printed in Africa. Chiuri also enlisted Grace Wales Bonner (a British-Jamaican designer whose work explores a hybrid of European and African fashion) and Mickalene Thomas (a contemporary African-American artist) to reimagine Dior's iconic New Look silhouette.  Another collaborative piece from the 113-look collection was from Pathé'O, a South African tailor, who designed a shirt paying homage to the late Nelson Mandela. Sticking to her mission of empowering female artists, Chiuri enlisted Sumano, a Moroccan organization supporting local women artisans, to help create design details for the show. The local female artists also created the artisanal cushions which show attendees were seated on.  The artistic director also looked to French-Moroccan author Tahar Ben Jelloun's book, Racism Explained to My Daughter, for inspiration behind the concept of the show. An excerpt of the book reads, "Culture teaches us to live together, teaches us that we're not alone in the world, that other people have different traditions and ways of living that are just as valid as our own."  "Culture teaches us to live together, teaches us that we're not alone in the world, that other people have different traditions and ways of living that are just as valid as our own," writes Franco-Moroccan author Tahar Ben Jelloun in his book 'Racism Explained to My Daughter', Editions du Seuil, 1998, n.e., 2018. Tune in on Monday to watch the #DiorCruise 2020 show by #MariaGraziaChiuri in Marrakesh and discover more about the multicultural inspirations behind the collection!⁣⠀ #DiorCommonGround⁣ A post shared by  Dior Official (@dior) on Apr 28, 2019 at 6:09am PDT Through the various collaborations, Chiuri aimed to prove this was not a spectacle about exploiting Moroccan culture, but about celebrating it and bringing its artists' perspective to the historic fashion house.  Lupita Nyong'o, Shailene Woodley, Karlie Kloss, and Jessica Alba were amongst the A-listers in attendance at the destination runway show.  The show then concluded with a surprise performance by none other than Diana Ross. Wearing a sparkling silver gown, the icon performed several hits for the fashion crowd in attendance, which is how all runway shows should end, if you ask me.   The incredible legend @dianaross ❤️🌟👑✨ @dior @harpersbazaarus #diorcruise #dance #amazingnight #dianaross #marrakech #dior #diorcommonground A post shared by  Nicole Fritton (@nicolefritton) on Apr 29, 2019 at 4:17pm PDT
 The newly renovated store is the stuff double C dreams are made of... What's better than a room full of Chanel? 14,000 square-feet and five floors of Chanel creations by Karl Lagerfeld—including ready-to-wear, handbags, shoes, costume jewelry and eyewear, watches and fine jewelry, fragrance, and beauty. After a two year renovation, the Parisian brand unveiled the newly designed 57th street boutique by architect Peter Marino—and it's the stuff of Chanel dreams. Take a tour of and see some of the exclusive products you can only find between Madison and 5th Avenue.  A wall of shoes and bags greet you upon entering...The finishes around the store include hand-applied matte wall finishes, handwoven tweed textiles and hammered bronze railings. The focal point of the space is an entwined 60-foot tall necklace sculpture that cascades down the center of the four-story central staircase, commissioned from the French artist Jean-Michel Othoniel.  The second floor is home to the shoe salon, with a custom Goossens chandelier. Here you can find all the classics—the two-toned slingback, ballerina flat, beach espadrille and sneakers as well as bags including the 2.55, 11.12, Boy CHANEL, CHANEL’s Gabrielle and the newly introduced CHANEL 31 handbag, as well as costume jewelry and eyewear.  The boutique's opening corresponds with the arrival of the Cruise collection, which showed in Paris last May, when a larger-than-life cruise ship terminal was erected in the Grand Palais—with a nautical inspired collection to match.  On the third floor, there's two salons that showcase ready to wear collections and and a dedicated space for knitwear.  There are two more ready to wear salons on the fourth floor. The word of the day here is, options.  Throughout the store, Peter Marino gives nods to Gabrielle Chanel and the codes of the house. Gold leaf and crackled lacquers as well as actual Coromandel screens can be found throughout the boutique and  reference the walls of Gabrielle Chanel’s apartment on rue Cambon in Paris.  The fifth floor feels like the chicest apartment in NYC and is reserved for VIP private shoppers.  Graphic artwork adorns the space, including works by Robert Mapplethorpe, two pieces from Olafur Eliasson’s “Eighteen Moons in Penumbra” series, Jenny Holzer’s “I Touch Your Hair”, a piece by Peter Dayton, and several works by Y.Z. Kami, including a portrait of Gabrielle Chanel.  Of course, there are products you can only get on site, including a limited edition 2.55 handbag and wallet with sweet New York-inspired charms, and two one-of-a-kind  red or black alligator 11.12 handbags with diamond encrusted hardware. There is also a limited edition steel Code Coco watch with a diamond-set bezel and the launch of a new scent, Les Exclusifs de Chanel 1957, a layered musk fragrance, created by Chanel’s in-house perfumer Olivier Polge.
 In 2019, Logomania is here to stay, at least according to Kith and Versace. Streetwear giant, Kith, and iconic Italian design house, Versace, have selected model Bella Hadid as the new face of their upcoming collaboration—which features over 100 stunning pieces of women’s and men's ready-to-wear fashion, footwear, and accessories.    The just-released campaign showcases Bella in nine distinct outfits. The styling effortlessly plays off Kith's streetwear sensibilities, thanks to the sportier and baggier silhouettes, and Versace's maximalist approach to design, courtesy of ultra plush materials and the array of eye-catching prints the Italian brand is known for. In one shot, Bella sports a pair of black and gold biker shorts with a matching bikini top, styled with a chain necklace, and large hoop earrings featuring Versace's signature Medusa head. In another trendy look, she rocks a rich burgundy velour tracksuit that boasts blue and gold baroque print throughout, paired with a killer pair of high-heel mules.   While Versace's iconic Medusa head print is featured across the collection, this is the first time in the brand's storied history that the iconic emblem has been redesigned: it now features the Kith box logo across the eyes.  Kith's founder, Ronnie Fieg, shared his digital mood board for the collection online. It features a plethora of colorful imagery showcasing standout campaigns from the fashion house, with a bevy of '90s supermodels (Naomi, Christy, and Claudia, oh my!) along with the iconic designer Gianni Versace, and snapshots of both the original and recently reinterpreted Medusa logos. Each piece from the Kith x Versace collection is produced in Italy and is set to release on  Friday, February 15th at all Kith shops, at 11 AM EST on Kith.com, and at select international Versace flagship stores.  Explore the full campaign below. 

 Our favorite fashionable gifts that won't break the bank. Not sure what to give this holiday season? From chic accessories to cozy pajamas and luxe coffee table books, these are the most stylish gifts to give every woman on your list for under $100. Hair accessories are definitively in again—gift these charming clips to your best friend, sister or your coworker who loves to decorate her hair.  The ultimate flirty collaboration just in time for the holidays.   For that picture perfect Christmas morning opening gifts moment.  For those that embrace color and their inner child, these bracelets evoke summer camp nostalgia with the multicolor beads and personalization factor.  For the social butterfly in your group. Wildflower case, $37, wildflowercases.com. SHOP NOW No true music lover's life is complete without a chic vintage record player, and a few classic records to match.  Sodastream, $80, sodastream.com. SHOP NOW Sparkling water on demand has never been easier.  You can't go wrong with a candle that smells like roses—it'll last longer than the real thing.  Dad Brand hat, $25, dadbrandapparel.com.  SHOP NOW Say it loud, say it proud.  Fossil watch, $89, fossil.com.  SHOP NOW Being on time never looked so good.   Simple, sleek, and classic.  A chic leather card case that's big enough to fit all your credit cards and your passport for when you're traveling.  Send protection to your nearest and dearest with this stationery set.  The Setting vase, $55, thesettingnyc.com. SHOP NOW The flowers may not last, but the vase is forever.  Popsocket popgrip lip gloss, $15, popsocket.com. SHOP NOW To ensure your friend who's always on the go is never without her lipgloss.  Inspired by Lily Aldridge's model-off-duty life in Nashville, Tenneesee. Moet Imperial champagne, $39.99, astorwines.com. SHOP NOW Help your loved ones stock up for the New Year. Smythson notebook, $75, net-a-porter.com. SHOP NOW  Who wouldn't want to jot down all their hopes and dreams for the new year in this notebook?
 See the top looks from the season's standout collections. As the Fall 2018 collections walk the runways in London, check back as we spotlight the top five looks from the season's standout collections. Here, the best looks from London Fashion Week. 
 Everything you need to know about the designers reportedly behind Meghan Markle's wedding gown. Buzz surrounding who will design Meghan Markle's wedding gown for the moment she walks down the aisle toward Prince Harry to become Britain's first American princess increases each day as we get closer to May 19, 2018. And this past weekend, reporters announced that Ralph & Russo, the design duo favored to be the atelier of Markle's choice, were indeed tasked with designing her royal wedding gown. 
  The label was in the running with some of British fashion's most notable names like Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, Christopher Bailey for Burberry and Erdem Moralioglu for his namesake label, but Tamara Ralph and Michael Russo have remained the most mysterious of all the candidates in the mix. According to Town & Country, when asked to comment on designing for Meghan Markle's wedding day, a spokesperson from Ralph & Russo said, "we will be politely declining to comment on this topic." As we all know, discretion with royalty pays off, and it's highly likely that their Couture-under-the-radar vibes helped the house score the honor of appearing in Harry & Meghan's official engagement photos, and designing Meghan's bridal gown. Given that the duo tends to be a little more private than most, we (and the rest of the royal obsessed) are wondering, who are Ralph and Russo?  Tamara Ralph and Michael Russo are both Australian, and founded their label in 2007. Their atelier and label are based in London's elite Mayfair neighborhood, in a townhouse a stone's throw from the United Kingdom's best known fashion houses–like Alexander McQueen, Vivienne Westwood, Roland Mouret and Jenny Packham–as well as Buckingham Palace. But, despite the competition, they are currently the only English label with true Couture status. Per Haute Couture regulations, design houses are evaluated based on their process, technical skill and structure and selected by the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture to show their collections in Paris in both January and July alongside labels like Dior, Chanel, Valentino and more.  While they show their collections alongside labels with storied brand heritages and decades of archives, the design house now employs more employees in their atelier than Chanel or Dior, Harper's BAZAAR UK reports. Said Russo of their decision to be based in London rather than Paris, "It’s a place to settle, as opposed to some of the other destinations for luxury...It’s where our clients buy property and send their children to school. It feels like the center of the universe." Ralph adds, "Ironically, accessibility is key. People want the exclusivity and the craftsmanship of Couture–but they want it to be able to fit into their lifestyle." Tamara Ralph, who serves as the brand's Creative Director, oversees the atelier while Michael Russo handles the business side of the brand. The couple, partners in both life and in business, started their brand with just a few hundred pounds and a sewing machine. Ralph is a fourth-generation couturier, having spent much of her childhood in Sydney watching her grandmother and mother cutting patterns, sewing and designing. She was designing clothes for socialites in Australia and Europe as early as the age of 15, and she met Russo by happenstance on a short trip to London when she (literally) bumped into him on the King's Road. Of his chance meet cute with his wife turned business partner, Russo lovingly told BAZAAR UK, "She was lost and I was looking." Russo, then a financier, sent Ralph a one-way ticket to London, where they've lived and worked ever since. Since their launch, the company has scaled dramatically, with the duo being named two of Fortune magazine's 40 most successful business people under 40. The company is now posed to transition from a by-appointment Couture label to a global brand, with 17 stores opening worldwide, a ready-t0-wear collection and an accessories range. The brand has reportedly signed a lease for a Madison Avenue space in New York City, according to WWD. The two have designed for royalty, some of the world's wealthiest and affluent brides across the globe. Most of their recognizable wedding gowns are presented on their Couture runways rather than down aisles, and require teams of handlers to help the models pivot and turn given the weight of the embroidery on the gowns' trains and accompanying veils. But these designers are more about wearability than most–even when it comes to their Couture creations. The brand's celebrity fans include Angelina Jolie, who has worn their designs on the red carpet and for her meeting with the Queen, Brie Larson, Bella Hadid, Gwyneth Paltrow, Jennifer Lopez, Kate Bosworth and–most notably, Meghan Markle. In their interview with Harper's BAZAAR UK, the couple noted that despite their exclusive Haute Couture roots, their goal is accessible luxury.  "It’s about keeping our core values–the femininity, the modernity, the creativity–and translating it into an accessible product," says Russo. "It’s also about taking away… I don’t want to use the phrase 'arrogant luxury' but we are all about being approachable. A lot of brands seem to enjoy putting a wall up between them and clients, but we want to be seen as available. Couture will always be at the heart of Ralph & Russo–but now we are ready to reach a wider audience. Our ambitions really have no limits." Next stop? Aside from stores in key cities worldwide, red carpets and the closets of the fashion-obsessed and the global elite–the royal wedding.
 Put your chicest foot forward. Fall is on its way, it's time to start stocking up on the season's hottest boots now.  Balenciaga boots, $1,450, matchesfashion.com. SHOP NOW Saint Laurent boots, $1,695, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW Topshop boots, $170, topshop.com.  SHOP NOW Fendi boots, $1,490, nordstrom.com.  SHOP NOW Stuart Weitzman boots, $598, stuartweitzman.com.  SHOP NOW Marc Jacobs  boots,$395, shopBAZAAR.com.  SHOP NOW Manolo Blahnik boots, $1,895, neimanmarcus.com  SHOP NOW Gabriela Hearst boots, $995, shopBAZAAR.com.  SHOP NOW Isabel Marant boots, $895, net-a-porter.com.  SHOP NOW MM6 Maison Margiela, $795, matchesfashion.com.  SHOP NOW 3.1 Phillip Lim boots, $459, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW Gucci boots, $1,790, neimanmarcus.com.  SHOP NOW Valentino boots, $4,145, neimanmarcus.com.  SHOP NOW Neous boots, $924, farfetch.com. SHOP NOW
