     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jess Blanch    PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy Instagram SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Vivien Solari @viviensolari.   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Espousing the pure shores of a former era – or perhaps, we can hope, it’s the future – if there’s one thing this creature of the sea believes, it’s that the world needs more empathy.  Each morning Vivien Solari is called by the ocean, plunging herself into water at low temperatures that the Aruba-born, Manchester-bred model recalls ‘refreshing’. Often alone, she pushes through sea foam in a cap and goggles to a backdrop of endless dark water; this is her – albeit extreme – daily meditation. She doesn’t see herself as an athlete but cold water swimming is a pursuit for the brave and steely, not to mention the mentally and physically robust. Rewind two decades and Solari, then a 19-year-old psychology student, was new to fashion having landed a fragrance campaign for Versace and soon to be in the regular orbit of the lenses of Lindbergh, Roversi and Meisel. By the early noughties she was one of Britain’s top-earning models (behind Naomi Campbell and ahead of Kate Moss) and yet despite being considered an industry icon you may not have heard her name.  She is pioneering action for climate change in the modelling industry, earlier this year announcing to her agents her plans to reduce her carbon footprint. What does that mean? Public transport where possible, no more business class flights due to higher emissions and no more clothes sent to her house. For a model it’s an unconventional move but Solari has made a habit out of doing things her way.  At the height of her career she took more than four years’ break from modelling to spend time with her three children and is fiercely private, regularly turning down interviews. She’s new to Instagram with the exception of @coldseawarmheart, dedicated to her swimming pursuits, and when she last covered this magazine for our Find Utopia issue she said what the world needs most of all is ‘more empathy’. She knows. In an industry that usually thrives on maximum exposure, Solari has been able to achieve legend status in a consistent and sustainable way, cementing her as a true classic. For the recent SS 20 collections she appeared in Paris (by train) for Sarah Burton at Alexander McQueen and Givenchy just before shooting our cover on a torrential London day. Due to the weather it took place under a skylight in the basement instead of the garden as planned but Solari is living proof that, while time is elusive, if we re-evaluate our priorities and values, we can take back control.   Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?  Step into summer Teva-first: presenting our favourite ‘ugly’ sandals of the season (and why we love them).    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Stephanie Millett    PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out. Minimalist boutique The Undone is known for their expert curation of versatile pieces, and their shoe selection is no exception. The comfortable and stylish Winona sandal from Maria Farro goes with any outfit and evokes that effortless 90s nostalgia, with thin black straps that crisscross across your toes. If you’re steering away from black, the Jenna slides in tan are the perfect addition to your summer ensemble. Both styles are handmade in a city on the northwest coast of the Greek Island Crete, which is honestly where we’d rather be right now. MARIA FARRO Winona and Jenna shoes Inspired by architecture and art, the Celina knitted sandal from Byron-based St. Agni is the ultimate in ‘barely there’ sophistication. Classic enough to be worn with an evening look, yet still adaptable to be dressed down for everyday styling, the sandals feature a unique hand-knitted leather technique you won’t find anywhere else. Similarly, their Dori woven slides can effortlessly take you from day to night with a classic slip-on design handcrafted from vegetable tanned leather. Each pair takes up to 10 hours to perfect, so you can be confident to take them wherever you go this summer. ST AGNI Celina and Dori shoes Inspired by architecture and art, the Celina knitted sandal from Byron-based St. Agni is the ultimate in ‘barely there’ sophistication. Classic enough to be worn with an evening look, yet still adaptable to be dressed down for everyday styling, the sandals feature a unique hand-knitted leather technique you won’t find anywhere else. Similarly, their Dori woven slides can effortlessly take you from day to night with a classic slip-on design handcrafted from vegetable tanned leather. Each pair takes up to 10 hours to perfect, so you can be confident to take them wherever you go this summer. ST AGNI Celina and Dori shoes Less is more according to Nelson Made, an ethos that is reflected in their refined Sonia slide. With two soft tubular straps and a comfortable resin sole, your feet will be thanking you as you stroll from the beach to the bar with ease. In the same way, their croc embossed Myra slide is comfortable whilst also being subtle enough to pair with cropped jeans or a summer dress. It’s also good to know that 80 per cent of Nelson Made’s sandals are crafted locally in their solar-powered Melbourne studio with low-impact, sustainable materials. NELSON MADE Sonia and Myra shoes For an update on your worn-out flip-flops, A. Emery’s elevated leather sandal is the perfect vacation companion. With an elegant double-strap detail in textured mocha snake, there’s no need think twice before slipping these on before you head out the door. For those who need more support, their Hazel Leather Sandal combines the elements of a flip flop and lace-up sandal. With leather straps that overlap and intersect the foot, the straps can then be tied around the ankles to be styled back with tailored or vacation pieces. Summer’s calling. A.EMERY Benni and Hazel shoes For an update on your worn-out flip-flops, A. Emery’s elevated leather sandal is the perfect vacation companion. With an elegant double-strap detail in textured mocha snake, there’s no need think twice before slipping these on before you head out the door. For those who need more support, their Hazel Leather Sandal combines the elements of a flip flop and lace-up sandal. With leather straps that overlap and intersect the foot, the straps can then be tied around the ankles to be styled back with tailored or vacation pieces. Summer’s calling. A.EMERY Benni and Hazel shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?  Step into summer Teva-first: presenting our favourite ‘ugly’ sandals of the season (and why we love them).    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Giselle Bundchen; Laetitia Casta. Pinterest.   Global lingerie giant Victoria’s Secret has announced in a statement from its parent company, L Brands, that it will no longer be hosting its annual Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show. “Fashion is a business of change. We must evolve and change to grow. With that in mind, we have decided to re-think the traditional Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show,” the statement read. “Going forward we don’t believe network television is the right fit.” “We’ll be communicating to customers, but nothing that I would say is similar in magnitude to the fashion show,” said L Brand’s CFO, Stuart Burgdoerfer, during the company’s third quarter earnings call. Though the show (and recent outgoing chief marketing officer Ed Razek) has been plagued by criticism over the last few years, there’s no denying its two-decade long legacy as a platform for international exposure for both models and music industry performers (including Kanye West, Rihanna and Harry Styles). Many of our modern muses (and RUSSH cover stars), including Alessandra Ambrosio, Helena Christensen, Isabeli Fontana and Karlie Kloss, found global recognition by donning the brand’s coveted wings, or securing their status as a certified VS Angel. It was also the scene of some iconic runway moments – from a 1997-era Gisele in pale pink chiffon nightgown, channelling a blushing Juliet Capulet with long, naturally styled locks. Or Christensen in the same year, striding the catwalk in that leopard two-piece and pixie cut crop. But its format (and designs) have changed drastically in the 20 years since its origin, evolving in a way that felt increasingly out of touch with the society it was broadcasting to. Coupled with controversial remarks from then-CMO Razek regarding transgender models and size diversity, there’s been relentless debate regarding its place in the modern, post-Me Too world, and the indefinite cancellation of the televised showcase indicates the brand is now listening. The times they are well and truly changing – watch a few seconds of any Savage X Fenty runway (and the subsequent social media adoration it always receives) for an example of the kind of public declaration of body positivity that consumers are craving – and Victoria’s Secret’s decision to alter its out-dated marketing model can only be a good thing, hopefully opening doors for a more respectful, inclusive dialogue with its customers.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Step into summer Teva-first: presenting our favourite ‘ugly’ sandals of the season (and why we love them).    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ella Jane    PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy @Instagram This season we’re taking a look at ugly sandals – the kind that so many swore off in the early 00s. The kind that if your dad owned them, and former you was embarrassed by his wearing of them, are likely now trending. With a so-bad-they’re-good attitude and a clear call for comfort, we’ve rounded up our picks of the best ugly sandals to see you through the holiday season. With a foam sole and Velcro fastenings for hard-core security – this sandal will come as a blessing for those who are ready to ‘slip into something a little more comfortable’ in a literal, and practical, sense. Walk easy. Maybe the chicest ode to the 90s on the market, these foam and leather platform flip-flips are a blast from the past that doesn’t make us cringe as much as frosted tips do. Flip-flops returned to our feet the minute we saw Scandinavian girls swanning about in the humble Havaiana during Copenhagen Fashion Week in 2018, and since then have only gotten more streamlined in appearance – case-in-point when adapted by The Row. If this doesn’t look like the most comfortable sandal to grace your foot with, we’d like to know what that does look like to you. With suede velcro straps and a contoured leather upper sole, this shoe is a chic, orthopaedic dream. After a Birkenstock resurgence in 2013, these have been a solid fall back for potters, painters and parents alike. Leaning on a more robust fabrication than it’s functional counterparts, the Birkenstock can withstand a whole lot, and with function and form at its core, there’s not much you can’t do in a Birk.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Kelly Marie Smith     Climb aboard the Gucci cruise liner, with an eclectic group of passengers decked out in tartan and tinsel-clad shirts, 60s shades and accessories, as creative director Alessandro Michele and filmmaker Harmony Korine take us on a getaway to remember. With Santa in a row boat and Hawaiian-shirts galore– there’s no doubt that Gucci sent this year’s Gift Giving campaign into a particularly unconventional direction for the festive season. Goodbye frost and snow, hello pool-side cocktails. And from decadent ready-to-wear pieces, to luggage and accessories, there are gifts that suit each unique character on board. As always, central to the gifts are two of Gucci’s most notable patterns, the double-G monogram and the Flora print we know and love. There’s adorably awkward dancing, Santa strumming a guitar and a snowman ( sandman?) wrapped in tinsel – all the ingredients needed for the perfect summer festive season.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson    PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy Loewe To assert that we are living in a thoroughly modern landscape, technologically speaking, isn’t revelatory – our daily lives are increasingly constructed around myriad devices, apps and machines. And it is for these reasons that the recognition of traditional modes of craftsmanship, and the artisans who so bravely paved the way for our contemporary experimentation, are preserved and survived through artistic homage and reinterpretation. The Spanish luxury house of Loewe, with creative director Jonathan Anderson, is at the forefront of this revival, finding new ways to incorporate the works of iconic craftspeople into their yearly collections. “Each year we have tackled different arts and crafts heroes of mine,” Anderson explains. This year, he has turned his attention to the works of British ceramicist William De Morgan. “For me it was a very natural process to do De Morgan, he was a big collaborator in the arts and craft movement, and a true fantasist in the moment.” Partridges rendered in shades of navy, sapphire and Carolina blue on porcelain tiles. Peacocks, proud in stature, a collision of intricate feathers atop their heads. Persian vases adorned in detailed rose-tinted paisley motifs. A pervading attention to detail imbued in each piece, individually designed and created at the mercy of the material and the elements. It’s little surprise Anderson would land on the works of De Morgan, despite the chronological distance between the two (De Morgan did most of his creating toward the end of the 19th century). Loewe was founded in 1846 by a group of local artisans in Madrid, dedicated to luxury leather craftsmanship, and through Anderson’s continued respect for the history and detail of the past, the designer has maintained a considered art and craft-inspired approach to the house’s collections. De Morgan’s Persian and medieval-inspired influence on the Loewe De Morgan capsule permeates abundantly throughout – the ready-to-wear women’s, men’s and accessories pieces serve as a fantastical ode to the artisan, and a sartorial tribute to the enduring spirit of the imagination. From the embroidered indigo, cerulean and green peacock pattern that pieces together a trench coat (as though De Morgan himself stitched each thread), and the high drama of a woollen dragon’s tale and horned knitted beanie, to the collection’s quieter moments: floral motifs adorning Loewe’s signature leather Puzzle, Hammock and Gate bags, and neutral knitwear which feature the ceramicist’s iconic dodo silhouette. It’s little surprise Anderson would land on the works of De Morgan, despite the chronological difference between the two. Anderson’s personal design aesthetic is synonymous with patchwork; a method also harnessed in this collection to pay tribute to De Morgan’s tile work (for which the ceramicist developed innovative methods for firing, glazing and colouring). Much the same as Anderson’s penchant for piecing textiles together to conjure a magical greater ‘whole’, many of De Morgan’s designs were intended to generate intricate patterns when multiple tiles were laid together. It seems fated that Loewe and De Morgan might come together in such a profound way – much like Anderson (and the brand itself), and his circle of art friends – including textile designer William Morris, whom he met in 1863 – saw arts and crafts as a kind of philosophy, or world-view. Mass-production of his work would have been deemed offensive to the original spirit de Morgan’s definition of arts and crafts, and as such he never mass-produced his ceramics and textiles. When brands work to frame their cultural landscape as broader than a singular fashion house (through painstaking exploration, respect for traditions of the past and a lust for redefining modes of design), consumers are offered a glimpse into a world otherwise unknown. One of magical beasts and fantastical flora. Of saccharine sweetness subverted by a shared dark humour. Of freedom, imagination and fantasy. The Loewe De Morgan collection is on sale now.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Love moderately. Long love doth so. Too swift arrives as tardy as too slow.” – Romeo & Juliet, William Shakespeare. In moments of high jewellery creation, Van Cleef & Arpels speaks the language of something greater. To celebrate the launch of their latest collection, the brand hosted guests for an enchanting gala at Sydney’s historic St Patrick’s Estate, sweeping them through the classic tale of star-crossed lovers. For their Romeo & Juliet-inspired pieces a journey of eternal love was brought to life, a delicate homage to Shakespeare’s iconic masterpiece. The gala itself was cinematic, capturing the narrative of Shakespeare’s lovers through illustrations by the renowned Lorenzo Mattotti, which adorned the estate for the event. The collection glimmered under the spotlight in a show choreographed by French designer Gaspard Yurkievich, with exclusively designed gowns. As always, Van Cleef & Arpels looked to beauty in the details to honour their creations, with guests enjoying the fine cuisine of Michelin chef Bruno Menard, who travelled to Sydney especially for the occasion. And so, a Van Cleef & Arpels symphony came to be, with artworks, dance, drama and gastronomy colliding together in perfect harmony. The young lovers’ fate plays out time and time again, but the remnants of their love continues to illuminate. This we know for sure, and in the crafting of high jewellery poetry by Van Cleef & Arpels we’re reminded that the language of love is the greatest to master.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ella Jane     The beginnings and ends of journeys, the ones that excite and provoke fantasies, with the Chanel women we know and love: elegant, irreverent, magnetic, sometimes chaotic. Brought together by enduring silhouettes and a sweeping palette that sets each woman apart, a visual journey of the journey features Caroline de Maigret, Soo Joo Park, Tami Williams, Ola Rudnicka and Amanda Sanchez as they navigate their way through Gare Du Nord with grace, and the promise of escape. Laden with ankle scraping coats and tweed suits, paired with printed leggings and sling back heels, the Chanel women cross paths in tandem, permeating the screen with ease and elegance. In continuous motion we are privy to Chanel 19 and 31 bags in quilt, patent leather and tweed, and we see the Chanel women congregate to a platform where timelessness is accompanied by the excitement of the future, and an invitation to travel. Press play, your train is boarding.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Stephanie Millett    PHOTOGRAPHY Instagram There’s nothing quite like trawling through a vintage store, with its nostalgic interiors and racks overflowing with timeless treasures. Here we round up the best ateliers for those elusive pieces, all without having to leave your desk. Paris-based Vestiaire Collective recently landed on our shores and brought with it a trove of pre-loved goods. Sourced from locations across the world, including Japan, Spain and even Greece, there is no limit to what you’ll discover (hello Paco Rabanne sequinned dress). Best of all, every item is authenticated by a team of experts so you know you’re getting the real deal. Keep an eye out for their celebrity collaborations where you can and shop luxury wardrobes at a fraction of the designer cost. The team at The RealReal are all about finding that unique, one-of-a-kind item to complete your outfit. With coveted vintage pieces from major luxury brands, each is put through a precise certification process overseen by a team of over 100 experts, including authenticators, gemologists and horologists. The business has also developed a ‘sustainability calculator’ which determines for each item of women’s apparel how much is saved in water and driving miles by buying the item second-hand rather than new. Count us in.  Whether it’s an 80s YSL dress from Italy or a 9s Chanel jumpsuit from France, Farfetch sources the best vintage items from around the world and places them at your fingertips with their Pre-Owned edit. Each piece is photographed in detail and styled in situ so you can envision exactly how you’re going to look come Saturday night (well, sort of). Farfetch also offers Afterpay if you’re feeling the pre-Christmas pinch but still want to make an entrance at your office party. Filter by style, designer and budget and be prepared to uncover some genuine treasures. If you’re new to the vintage market and not entirely sure where to start, ASOS Marketplace has a vintage section offering everything from street-style tracksuits to beaded evening dresses and retro tees. Sourcing the best of local boutiques and independent labels, Marketplace has also recently added charity stores like Oxfam and Barnados to the mix, with all proceeds from purchases going directly back to the organisation. The site also allows you to shop by era so you can finally find that 70’s inspired maxi dress for your summer outings. Although vintage is currently experiencing a renaissance, the team at What Goes Around Comes Around have seen it all. With over 25 years of experience in the industry, their marketplace has attracted celebrities, tastemakers, and vintage connoisseurs looking for the most desirable and rare items. Seeking out the best products internationally, each listing on their website is meticulously evaluated three times to guarantee authenticity and peace of mind. From cult classics to timeless icons, WGACA has a curation of luxury styles and accessories designed to be the talking point of your next outfit. For inspiration on how to find and style vintage, we asked four women to share the stories behind their favourite pre-loved treasures.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ella Jane     Our cup runneth over with fascination for off-duty style this season, so we’ve rounded up some of our favourite model trends of the moment. From the ever-versatile, under-appreciated cardigan, to a statement pair of sunglasses that can add individuality to any minimal outfit, our picks focus on form, function and, importantly, fun. What was once considered a frumpier outerwear piece (think: grandma’s hand-knitting) has been repurposed for a more flirtatious affair. Unsure why it’s taken us such a long time to view this style in a sexier light – it makes perfect sense for a trans-seasonal wardrobe staple (à la Bella, Jeanne and Devon). Wear with nothing underneath to expose a clavicle or shoulder, or layer over a tank for both warm and cool days. Think Fear and Loathing meets 90s supermodel. Citrus, blue and pink tinted shades add an element of fun to any plain look. We like the idea of being able to see the wearers eyes through colour (as opposed to black), providing a less harsh option for your avid shade wearer. Question: is there anything more unassumingly sexy than a well-fitted white ribbed tank? The air of masculinity that is evoked when one wears a tank is undeniably attractive. Best paired with a ‘give no f*cks’ kind of attitude, the tank is a simple and enduring staple – the gift that keeps on giving, both literally and figuratively. With autumn well underway in the northern hemisphere, the arrival of the chunky combat boot has filled our feeds, and we are in no position to disagree. From Bottega Veneta to Prada, a knee-high lace-up silhouette with a heavy tread could make even the least organised person feel like they’ve got it together.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ella Jane     With the rise in demand for slow fashion pieces, conversation often turns to the perfect minimal wardrobe, and the pieces that best belong in one for longevity’s sake. The modern woman doesn’t need a pair of shoes for each day of the week, for example, she needs a pair of cotton suit pants and interchangeable t-shirts. The Little Black Dress has been an essential in the most traditional sense for decades, but with summer just around the corner and a desire for a more diverse idea than the literal ‘LBD’, we’ve compiled a collection of dresses you’d feel comfortable wearing in any setting – to last you through this season and beyond. A cotton dream. With the flowy silhouette, elasticated waist and pockets built into the skirt, this dress is perfect for market days and balmy nights. We like to roll the skirt under the waistband for an ankle grazing appearance in the day, and let down into the night for a more formal effect. A minty moment. For those who aren’t afraid of colour, consider this sorbet toned slip cut on the bias. The low back and thin straps show just enough in the evening, while the mid length hem restores balance. For the traditionalist. This is as close to LBD as we’re going to get, folks. With a straight neckline, low back and short hem, pair with sneakers or a sandal in the day and switch out for a boot or heel when you hit the bar. Optional addition: a red lip. Rendezvous ready. This stretch knit midi tank dress would be our pick for a date day or night, making the slinky straps and back slit detail perfect for deciding how much you want your counterpart to see. For the extrovert. The loudest of our suggestions so far, this dress is for those who are on the animal print train in the least classic way. Best worn with bare skin and minimal accessories, in this piece you are the occasion. For the introvert. Chanelling a more demure approach, this basic wrap dress constructed out of raw silk is perfect for hot days where undressing near a body of water (in a timely manner) is essential.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13   From left: Kylie Jenner and Kendal Jenner @themetgalaofficial; Jared Leto @thecut.   The Metropolitan Museum of Art has announced the 2020 theme for its annual Met Gala, dictating the year’s exhibitions and the outfits of the fashion and pop culture industry attendees. About Time: Fashion and Duration has been chosen as the theme to commemorate the venue’s 150th anniversary next year. To celebrate the announcement, we look back at the best of 2019’s Met Gala pink carpet, appropriately themed Camp: Notes on Fashion. One should either be a work of art, or wear a work of art. Attendees embraced the 2019 Met Gala theme Camp: Notes on Fashion, and brought the extravagant, the absurd and the phenomenal to this year’s pink carpet. It was everything we didn’t know we wanted, and more. They say the best things come in pairs, and that seemed to be the case for this year’s arrivals. Hosts Harry Styles and Alessandro Michele walked the steps together, resplendent in Gucci and pearls. Couple dressing continued with best friends Lena Dunham and Jemima Kirke in coordinating PVC ensembles by Christopher Kane, while The Row’s Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen reigned supreme in twinning vintage Chanel couture leather dresses. Meanwhile Florence Welch brought her signature ethereal beauty to the evening, also wearing Gucci, flaunting a dramatic teal beaded, and Lena Waithe made a suited statement with the back of her Pyer Moss coat emblazoned with ‘Black Drag Queens Invented Camp’. From the boldest ensembles to the accessories we’re obsessing over, this year’s theme has all but convinced us it’s time to ditch our signature minimalism for a delicious dose of camp.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/20   From left: Martha Hunt @marthahunt   Halloween may be over for another year but we’re not ready to move on just yet. Here we relive our favourite looks (and secretly bookmark them for next year). Setting the bar high for group costumes were Joan Smalls (with her TLC tribute) and Giovanna Engelbert’s homage to the Spice Girls. Smalls also worked a life-size version of the Chucky doll, with a bright orange bob and denim overalls. Halloween professional Cindy Crawford went retro with her version of a 70s disco diva, complete with kaleidoscopic jumpsuit and rose-coloured glasses. Not to be outdone by her mum, Kaia Gerber wore an elaborate floral headpiece balanced on a choppy, jet-black hairstyle. Gigi Hadid brought back 90s nostalgia with her authentic tribute to Jim Carrey’s The Mask, and so too did Martha Hunt as LeeLoo from The Fifth Element. Proving one costume is never enough, Georgia Fowler pulled out all the stops with her trio of Maleficent, Audrey Hepburn and Mathilda from Léon: The Professional. Bella Hadid followed suit with her duo of Catwoman and Fred Flintstone. Stella Maxwell threw it back to Britney Spears’s iconic VMA performance, complete with jewelled bikini and serpent. Equally as iconic was Amber Valletta as Twiggy and mum-to-be Ashley Graham as the alluring Jessica Rabbit, baby bump and all. Taking inspiration from one of our favourite Halloween movies, Lily Aldridge was the spitting image of a young Winona Ryder in Beetlejuice. Bringing animation to life were the likes of Marie-Louise with her ninja turtle get-up, as well as Barbara Palvin who recreated San from Studio Ghibli film Princess Mononoke. Anok Yai presented a modern-day Storm from the X-Men series, with her electrifying one piece paired with icy blonde hair and silver contacts. Shanina Shaik was a sword wielding Catherine Zeta Jones from The Mask of Zorro while Alessandra Ambrosio was a most alluring vampire in a sparkling black dress with racy thigh high spilts. Proving Halloween doesn’t have to be all scary, Kendall Jenner appeared as a luminous forest fairy and Elsa Hosk was sugar-sweet in pastel pink as Natalie Portman in Closer. Sara Sampaio threw back to the school dance in an 80s-inspired taffeta ballgown and was appropriately crowned Prom Queen for her efforts. If you want to keep the spirit alive, here are some cult horror films to enjoy before Christmas becomes all too real. Until next time …  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ella Jane     With the nightmarish idea that each Halloween, at least seven million costumes end up in landfill, we felt it was time to compile a list of costumes that are either already accidentally in your arsenal or can be bought and up-cycled into your daily wardrobe. Inspired by some of our favourite on-screen fashion moments, these Halloween costumes are a time and money savvy option for those who feel inclined to make the effort without contributing to the oft-wasteful culture of an otherwise all-round good time. While Golightly’s long black dress, diamonds and dark glasses are a classic go-to for all hallows eve, might we draw your attention towards her often overlooked pyjama chic moment that we feel was equally iconic. Nothing says multi-purpose like an oversized men’s shirt, and if you don’t own one, it’s likely a male counterpart, brother or dad will have one lying around (or nearest thrift store in a bind). Luckily, cable knit cardigans and sweaters are making their way back into our wardrobes, making them perfect for the transitional season along with a Casey Becker costume. Pair with your faithful vintage Levi’s. Bonus points include sourcing an old phone to carry around (and being a blonde), or purchasing a blonde wig to drive the look home. If you’re more inclined to dial up the drama but want to lean to the chicer side, Hancock is your girl. Owning a silk slip as we move into the warmer months is never a bad investment, especially if it makes you feel like Michelle Pfeiffer. For us, the most achievable of Driver’s looks is her pantsuit moment (unless you have an old nurse costume that could do with repurposing). A quick trip to the dollar store for an eye-patch, paired with a black blazer and silk undershirt makes for a slightly more refreshing Kill Bill reference when straying from The Bride’s coveted yellow costume. Checked shirts and turtlenecks will always be pieces we return to in different iterations, and while Jack and Wendy’s memorable looks lean on the frumpier side, they can be simple yet effective as a duo or solo. Complement Wendy’s costume with heavy contour, a red nose and a baseball bat, and Jack’s with a strong comb-over and (fake) axe, and you’ve got yourself a foolproof option.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Stephanie Millett     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   PHOTOGRAPHY @lebuns_.   As the mercury rises, so does our search for that elusive swimsuit to wear all summer long. For a stylish swim that’s also good for the environment, take a dip into sustainable swimwear that will have you covered from the pool to the beach. To save your computer from crashing with those multiple tabs you have open (guilty as charged), we’ve narrowed the search down to our top five sustainable swimwear labels. Art-inspired brand Kowtow draws its latest inspiration from artist Bruno Munari’s precise clean lines and geometric shapes. Borrowing vivid hues of red, green and cobalt from Yves Klein, the collection also includes new colours black and chalk, reminiscent of Piet Mondrian’s colour blocking. Kowtow is committed to working towards a closed-loop process and allows you to return your swimwear at the end of its useful life so they can continue the regeneration process. To complete your summer look, Kowtow has designed two limited edition organic cotton sarongs that have been hand loomed by a small group of artisans in India. Available online and in stores from October 31st, this collection is sure to get your summer started. Dedicated to the flower that signals the beginning of summer, Peony Swimwear began their sustainability journey in 2017 and have since been introducing new earth-friendly processes every season. An independent and family-run business, their swimwear is made to go hand-in-hand with the beauty of nature. Every collection carries a sense of timelessness, allowing pieces to become cherished keepsakes of summers gone by (and the ones yet to come). Each piece is ethically made with love and packed in compostable and biodegradable bags so the only thing you need to worry about is the sand still piled at the bottom of your beach tote. Melbourne-based LE BUNS inspires customers to follow their ethos of choosing well and buying less. Their eco-conscious swimwear is designed to be adaptable and versatile enough to be integrated into your daily wardrobe essentials. Everything from their manufacturing process to their fabric sourcing and eco packaging has been carefully considered to reduce their environmental impact. Founder Keisha Dessaix even visits and works from the factories to design and develop each collection, ensuring that all workers have a good standard of living and are paid fairly. With a range of flattering separates and one pieces, LE BUNS is here to move with you from the land into the sea. Dedicated to celebrating the female form, Bondi Born channels the same commitment to their eco-friendly fabrics and ethical manufacturing processes. Founders Dale McCarthy and Karla Clarke ensure that each piece is meticulously fitted and refitted for the perfect cut to give every woman beach body confidence. Thanks to their sustainably made, low-carbon footprint Sculpteur fabric, you can be sure your swimwear will go the distance (up to 10 x times longer than your average swim piece). Made locally in Sydney, every purchase includes a donation to a charity that helps women around the world. As spotted on Kaia Gerber and Grace Mahary, live like a Bondi local and make a splash. The team at Camp Cove recognise that the ocean welcomes us and asks for nothing in return; a philosophy that also embodies their business. By combining comfort, individuality and retro styling, their swimwear ensures that you’ll look stylish and feel good too. Spring Summer 2020 is their first collection made entirely from recycled fabrics and features a range of fun prints in flattering cuts. Rather than waste water, all of their patterns are digitally printed and fit to the width of the fabric to ensure the least amount of waste possible. These high quality fabrics are then trialled and tested so you can confidently surf, swim and snorkel in style.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Claudia Smith High tide. Photographer Claudia Smith sends postcards from SIR’s oceanside launch for its Resort 20 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Kelly Marie Smith     Feminine, nostalgic, strong. SIR’s Resort 20 collection is brought to life by Ribal Hosn and Bruna Volpi in Deladana Le Citron. Set in the Australian outback, the short film takes you on a journey through each story in the collection; from embroidered dresses and floral prints to sharp suits and boxy shapes – SIR stays true to its signature style. Five women, sisters or friends, adorned in white and gold (and gumboots), and with winter in the review mirror this is the summer we’re dreaming of. Press play below, and read our interview with the brand’s co-founders and designers, Sophie Coote and Nikki Campbell. Tell us a little about the inspiration behind the SIR Resort 20 collection …
Nikki Campbell: Deladana Le Citron is an ode to the SIR woman, inspired by history, literature, art and femininity. The prints are a modern take on notions of fertility, peace and abundance through symbols of leaves, figs and pomegranate. The embroidery on our Delilah story grew from the imagery of collective women … Sophie Coote: The collection is very much inspired by the empowerment of all women. Whimsical, feminine lace detailing and soft lines contrasted against sharp suiting, the collection celebrates femininity. Describe the SIR woman …
Nikki: The SIR woman is confident in her own skin, a traveller. She is spontaneous and strong in her identity and style. How did the film concept come about?
Sophie: The film concept came from this inspiration of a sisterhood, a circle of women and a play on this element of fairy tale. We really wanted to embody the inspiration of the collection through the film and create this SIR sisterhood. What role does the past play when envisaging your collections?
Nikki: Our collections always have an element of vintage and tradition to them. We have always drawn on muses past and present to embody the SIR woman. We love to re-work techniques and design to develop our own embroidery, lace and prints inspired by vintage artworks, tapestries, parchments. Tell us a little about your creative partnership – what do you get from creating together that you might not if designing alone?
Sophie: We are constantly bouncing off each other, sharing ideas, creative inspirations and challenging each other at the same time. We have a shared vision and similar aesthetic, yet our eye for detail and style is different so it works perfectly when designing our ranges.  Tell us about some of your current inspirations (art, film, literature, music, etc) …
Sophie: We are constantly travelling so this is always changing, but we have always obsessed over film work by Sofia Coppola, her films inspired the creative concept behind our campaign and film for Resort 20. Nikki: We love work by the likes of Peter Lindbergh, Helmut Newton and Richard Avedon. For Resort, we have also draw inspiration from Gustave Courbet’s ‘The Young Ladies on the banks of the Seine’ for its rich textures of florals and foliage, tones of whites and the delicacy of lace on the girl’s lace undergarments. What’s the biggest challenge you’ve faced so far in building your brand?
Nikki: Managing our growth has been our biggest challenge. SIR since its inception gained traction and international attention quickly as a result of our strong digital presence and cult like following domestically. We have been extremely strategic with our branding and store placements both domestically and internationally to ensure the brand is accessible but not oversaturated, and that our growth has remained organic. What’s the best part about your job?
Nikki and Sophie: It changes every day, it allows us to be creative, to travel, to work with amazing people we have always highly respected and been inspired by.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT When language fails, there is movement and art. Guided by the masculine and feminine shapes of the Aje’s 10 year anniversary collection (inspired by the late Australian artist, Brett Whiteley), director Joel Burrows and RUSSH Special Projects Editor Alys Hale explore through film the dynamism of love and the stillness of solitude. Art, Life and Other Things was recently selected by Nick Knight’s SHOWStudios for its prestigious fashion film awards, in partnership with luxury fashion department store, Harrods. The fashion film was selected from hundreds of international applicants, and visionary judges (including Simone Rocha, hairstylist Sam McKnight,  Matthew Williams, model Winnie Harlow, milliner Philip Treacy and SHOWstudio head of fashion film Raquel Couceiro) gave their different perspectives alongside founder himself, Nick Knight. The film ran along side works by Frank LeBon for Gucci, Hidden by BLDG and Polina Zaitseva, and will be continued to be screened in Harrods as part of Knight’s pioneering and celebration of fashion film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Stephanie Millett    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan As we start to spring clean our wardrobes, a fresh new outfit calls for updated accessories to match. We’re all guilty of lugging around miscellaneous bits and pieces in our handbag, on the off chance we “just might need” our entire beauty regimen or seven different pairs of sunglasses. In the spirit of spring, we’re swapping out our heavy duty carriers for lighter alternatives. For some inspiration, we present our curation of the most stylish mini bags, guaranteed to complement any outfit. If you’re constantly rummaging through your bag for that parking ticket, lip balm or house key, the search ends here. Louis Vuitton has answered our prayers with the Multi Pochette accessories, a hybrid bag with two detachable elements to help you cut through the clutter. Featuring a main bag, mini bag and round coin purse, the Multi Pochette will ensure you’re always organised (or at least look like it). You can build the bag to suit your style and alternate the strap between a sporty jacquard handle for city outings or a delicate chain for evening fun. LOUIS VUITTON bag The iconic Cartier jewellery box has been reimagined as an equally beautiful bag, complete with a signature golden wreath adorning the edges. Staying true to the maison’s jewellery heritage, the Guirlande de Cartier has been sculpted to perfection in calfskin leather. The collection is available in three sizes, with four colours of leather to choose from (including the iconic house red). Each bag can also be embossed and personalised with your initials and comes with an adjustable and removable strap for those who prefer a cross-body bag. If you’ve ever dreamed of receiving a Cartier jewellery box, let this bag bring your imagination to life. CARTIER bag in red and black The iconic Cartier jewellery box has been reimagined as an equally beautiful bag, complete with a signature golden wreath adorning the edges. Staying true to the maison’s jewellery heritage, the Guirlande de Cartier has been sculpted to perfection in calfskin leather. The collection is available in three sizes, with four colours of leather to choose from (including the iconic house red). Each bag can also be embossed and personalised with your initials and comes with an adjustable and removable strap for those who prefer a cross-body bag. If you’ve ever dreamed of receiving a Cartier jewellery box, let this bag bring your imagination to life. CARTIER bag in red and black Direct from the Paris runway, Loewe’s latest accessory is the newest addition to the Lazo family. The compact Lazo mini carries the trademark front belt knot and cinching straps in a soft, luxurious leather. With curved accordion sides and a spacious interior, the bag is the ultimate pairing of luxury and functionality with an understated elegance. Handcrafted in Madrid by master artisans, the meticulous detail and finish is a work of art in itself. Make a statement with the bold ochre and brilliant red colour ways or stay neutral with a soft brown or staple black. Destined to have people asking where you found such a bag, learn how to say Loewe in confidence here. LOEWE bag A signature accessory, the Tod’s D Bag was named after Princess Diana who styled the bag with many of her iconic looks. This year Tod’s have given their cult classic a modern update with their D-Styling Bag, evolving even further with the newest micro design. Embracing the mini-bag trend, the D-Styling micro is the perfect companion for coffee dates, short commutes or if you just want to feel a little lighter with your bag. With a softer silhouette, the bag features a double zip with curved leather straps that create a soft butterfly shape. For those who are more adventurous with their style, the micro comes in a smooth pink velvet for maximum impact. If you’re wondering what to pack in your bag, let Irina Shayk be your guide. TOD’S bag A signature accessory, the Tod’s D Bag was named after Princess Diana who styled the bag with many of her iconic looks. This year Tod’s have given their cult classic a modern update with their D-Styling Bag, evolving even further with the newest micro design. Embracing the mini-bag trend, the D-Styling micro is the perfect companion for coffee dates, short commutes or if you just want to feel a little lighter with your bag. With a softer silhouette, the bag features a double zip with curved leather straps that create a soft butterfly shape. For those who are more adventurous with their style, the micro comes in a smooth pink velvet for maximum impact. If you’re wondering what to pack in your bag, let Irina Shayk be your guide. TOD’S bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Kelly Marie Smith    PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy Instagram He first caught our attention as the tender music prodigy Elio in Luca Guadagnino’s Call Me By Your Name, and then as leather jacket-clad heartbreaker, Kyle, in Greta Gerwig’s debut feature Lady Bird. But it’s his unparalleled red carpet attire that has us captivated at present. We came for his new film The King, but we’re staying for the acid yellow turtleneck and champagne Haider Ackermann. Chalamet stepped out at London’s premiere of The King in a custom-made look by Virgil Abloh. Reminiscent of his Golden Globes-era bedazzled harness by Louis Vuitton, the main event was the eye-catching midnight blue sequinned hoodie – debunking the myth that men can’t have fun with fashion on the red carpet. Paint-splattered-overalls-but-make-it-fashion was his aesthetic for the South Korean tour leg. The work of practicing artist Sterling Ruby, who showcased the look as part of his first official runway show in Florence this year, the two-piece caught the eye of both A$AP Rocky and Virgil Abloh, but only Chalamet was valiant enough to take the tie-dye extravaganza from runway to red carpet. A match made in heaven? Timothée Chalamet wearing Colombian-French designer, Haider Ackermann. Chalamet has been gracing us with this pairing since last awards season, but it was the liquid grey silk suit he wore to the Venice Film Festival that evoked gender fluidity to perfection. The softness and sensuality of the silk layering paired with the tailored structure of a suit made this a clear winner. And we couldn’t look past the effortlessly rolled-up pant cuffs and his signature ruffled hairstyle, a reminder of the elegantly tousled sensibility he embodies so well. Just when we thought we couldn’t get much higher, Chalamet and Ackermann hit us with an electric blue two-piece for Sydney’s premiere. No one should be able to pull off this monochromatic moment but Chalamet proves us wrong yet again, looking simultaneously effortless and fashion forward, teaming it with black boots and tumbling locks. It’s a Givenchy suit and neon yellow turtleneck, and it’s impeccable. That is all we have to say. All imagery courtesy @tchalametdaily.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jack Crossing     When we think about fashion, we aren’t just talking clothes. We’re thinking about the way that people breathe life into garments, and make sense of the world around us. Sometimes we can escape, at other times we can reflect, but the best designers know how to empower us in speaking to our truths. Here we’re taking a look at some visionary brands whose perception of gender as something fluid is leading a way for fashion that is real, and for all. The eponymous design label from Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Latta has received considerable attention since their 2013 inception and 2018 LVMH Prize nomination, for their carefree rejection of fashion norms. At the heart of their designs is a liberation of the wearer and a sense of style that surpasses gender, through deconstructed silhouettes. An intuition towards the ultra-cool and urban texture is made obvious in their reinventions of denim and knitwear, which explains a particular traction in the underground fashion scene of NYC. A priority of creative expression and the avant-garde will always differentiate the house of Maison Margiela. The house never fails to listen intently to stories of diversity and individuality as a point of muse for their artistic expression. Margiela does not speak to gender, it simply speaks to the bold – with flamboyant commentaries on uniform, imaginative textiles and electric prints constituting salient storylines for the house. Its #myMutiny campaign, featuring a diverse collection of faces, is just one of countless examples of their consistent championing of a world without gender. A priority of creative expression and the avant-garde will always differentiate the house of Maison Margiela. The house never fails to listen intently to stories of diversity and individuality as a point of muse for their artistic expression. Margiela does not speak to gender, it simply speaks to the bold – with flamboyant commentaries on uniform, imaginative textiles and electric prints constituting salient storylines for the house. Its #myMutiny campaign, featuring a diverse collection of faces, is just one of countless examples of their consistent championing of a world without gender. The mantra “No matter your gender, love unites us” is embedded in the house logo and remains at the core of Jacqueline Loekito’s design ethos. With signature pink hues and larger-than-life silhouettes, Loekito manages to carry out her mission of love with grace and unmatched flamboyance. When finer fabrics and softer tones come into play in her hands, gender is disassembled and personalities can shine through. Her designs are decidedly positive, focusing on human connection rather than labels, which is exactly what we need right now. We can always rely on Gucci to defy expectations, especially when it comes to gendered dress sense. Under Alessandro Michele’s direction, garments are removed from gender and simply become ‘Gucci’. Elements of the masculine meet the feminine – tailored suits meet silk bows, with exaggerated eye-frames. A new metropolitan is created – one that is refreshing, evolved and gender-dismissive. Most of all, Gucci is inclusive in that it’s approachable, with eclectic garments for all personalities. We can always rely on Gucci to defy expectations, especially when it comes to gendered dress sense. Under Alessandro Michele’s direction, garments are removed from gender and simply become ‘Gucci’. Elements of the masculine meet the feminine – tailored suits meet silk bows, with exaggerated eye-frames. A new metropolitan is created – one that is refreshing, evolved and gender-dismissive. Most of all, Gucci is inclusive in that it’s approachable, with eclectic garments for all personalities. Another of 2018’s LVMH prize nominees, Ludovic de Saint Sernin, is admired for something special. Garments seem almost dream-like, with weightless fabrics that form the basis of clothing for everyone. With a particular attraction towards traditionally feminine tropes, such as crystals, cut-outs and sheer fabrications, rendered in a traditionally perceived masculine style, de Saint Sernin blurs gender lines with playful curiosity. His celebration of queer identities in the brand’s campaigns is only fitting to showcase garments that are poetic and effortless. Dion Lee’s reintroduction of male models for the most recent runway collection was viewed as a natural progression for a brand which is recognised for its gender-neutral evocations. Lee’s styles are stripped back, with the strength and beauty of the human form highlighted by a clean colour palate, and an intersection of hard and soft textiles. There’s a reason Dion Lee is often described as futuristic, in the way that minimalist design allows a blank canvas for all to project their identity upon. Dion Lee’s reintroduction of male models for the most recent runway collection was a natural progression, for a brand which is recognized by its gender-neutral feelings. Lee’s styles are stripped back, with the strength and beauty of the human form highlighted by a clean colour palate, and an intersection of hard and soft textiles. There’s a reason Dion Lee is often described as futuristic, in the way that minimalist design allows a blank canvas, for all to project their identity upon.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Marta Cygan @lifeofboheme; Regina Anikiy @reginaanikiy   As the weather heats up, it’s out with the pants and in with the skirt suit; the perfect pairing of a tailored jacket and matching skirt. Think mini and sweet, but still classic, à la Coco Chanel (with shorter hemlines). Wear with heels for a chic brunch date or swap out for sneakers if you’ve got some stylish errands to run. For an outfit that requires minimal effort, pair your skirt suit with a white tee and statement bag and you’ll feel like Cher walking through the grounds of Beverly Hills High. Try a print like Chrissy, tweed like Sarah or plaid like Yan Yan for the ultimate match made in skirt suit heaven.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jack Crossing     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Last week Moncler launched its latest collaboration with designer Hiroshi Fujiwara, and his cult Japanese streetwear label fragment design. To celebrate their latest project, the 7 Moncler Fragment Genius collection, we witnessed Tomohisa Yamashita’s journey through a Moncler-created parallel dimension in the campaign film, and we too became part of the Moncler universe. Following its release, we’re taking a closer look at the capsule collection to decide which pieces we’ll be adding to our wardrobes and the men in our lives. In his streetwear designs Hiroshi Fujiwara often looks to the past to create his future. For a collection with Moncler, the fragment design creative has recoloured their signature glossy puffers with moments of Americana and vintage military iconography. It’s wearable and relatable, and grounded by basic pieces, but amplified in its streetwear sense through luxe technical fabrics. Pikachu touches even appear, and Fujiwara’s iconic Harajuku sensibility becomes apparent. Amongst the army green bombers and reinvented flannelette shirts, we are introduced to the more aspirational. A long-line shiny puffer coat, and technicoloured knitwear pieces are particular highlights, and points of elevation for an autumn winter styling. Against its futuristic backdrop, we’re convinced this is streetwear for the future, for all genders. Because who doesn’t love a shiny Moncler moment?  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   Adesuwa Aighewi @adesuwa.   Model, maker, activist – for our ‘Place To Be’ issue cover, it could only be Adesuwa. Raised by environmental scientists, her childhood was spent between Nigeria and the United States. Full name Adesuwa Aighewi, she was approached multiple times by scouts before eventually relenting and agreeing to a test shoot in 2010. Since then her career has skyrocketed to super status, opening for Coach 1941’s SS 18 runway presentation at New York Fashion Week and walking for the likes of Chloé, Christian Dior and Alexander Wang (did we mention she’s also interned with NASA?). Although she’s been lensed by the greats, including Inez and Vinoodh and Ellen von Unwerth, Aighewi doesn’t see modelling as her end game. Rather, she uses her platform to speak openly about social injustice, and harnesses her love of filmmaking to shine a light on cultural representation and her African heritage. Following a controversial Instagram post by Dior before the maison’s SS 20 runway, Aighewi sought out creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri for a conversation about cultural appropriation and artist recognition. She filmed the chat between the two, posting alongside a caption: “… I couldn’t walk a show where multiple Africans had voiced discontent. After our talk, Dior took down the original caption and made sure the conversation was about the preservation of fashion techniques that are being lost was the focus, artisans who need proper recognition for their craft and the need for a conversation between each other.” As the face of our ‘Place To Be’ cover, Aighewi told us her nickname is “Skinny Oprah” and that her “favourite surrounds are anywhere people are living free”. Get to know her better as the new issue hits stands August 22.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Stephanie Millett     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   Sleeper @daily_sleeper.   Self-care is all about investing in yourself; whether it’s face masks, a love letter, a seaside holiday or adding a new pair of pyjamas to your nighttime routine – the perfect way to treat yourself (after all, everyone needs sleep). So whether you’re having a lazy Sunday at home or catching up on those zzz’s, do it in style with these elegant designs. Byron-based Deiji Studios are here to support your best sleep yet. Using stonewashed linen sourced from France, their lounge sets are designed to blend morning into night with tones of lilac, mustard and pink clay. ÖÖSEL are devoted to creating beautiful pyjamas that blur the line between sleepwear and daywear. From slip dresses to silk blazers and robes, we’re sure no-one will mind if you accidentally wear one of these gorgeous pieces out of the house. Socially conscious sleepwear company Pour Les Femmes is the innovation of actress Robin Wright and designer Karen Fowler. Not only do they produce beautiful minimalist sets and oversized sleep shirts, every purchase helps support women in conflict regions around the world. After coming home from a night out on the town, all Olivia Von Halle wanted was something glamorous to slip into to enjoy a G&T before sliding into bed. Her namesake label has created exactly that, with signature pyjamas in a range of exquisite prints that have attracted the likes of our favourite model muses. Ukrainian label Sleeper guarantee they’ll stick with you for at least eight out of 24 hours a day, which is good enough for us. We love their fun two pieces as well as their linen lounge suits, perfectly paired with shearling slippers. Beauty sleep has never looked (or felt) so glamorous.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jess Blanch    PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy Imaxtree.com The above title should really say, ‘What does a RUSSH Editor think Fashion Month means for us all?’ Because in many ways the new Spring Summer 20 season says more than we might assume about how we’ll be living over the months to come. Does that sound convincing? Having worked in the fashion industry for a while I’ve had to grapple with the perceived frivolity of fashion that is often seen as rampant commercialism driven by savvy marketing: just beautiful things, beautiful people and equally attractive profits. Some of my peers are giving their lives to developing transformative medicines, educating children and designing schools, influencing economic policy, actually making tangible attempts to save the planet or advising corporations on how to invest in art in a way that will positively reflect contemporary culture. There are weeks where my contribution to society feels strictly limited to knowing about the latest luxury Maison opening, the inspiration behind an art collaboration or really digging an album release (I could talk about Nick Cave’s latest here but will save that for another post). Last week I embarrassingly wrote that my “mind was blown” by a restaurant collaboration between Jacquemus and Paris institution, Caviar Kaspia. To be fair, if you’ve eaten the caviar potato at the latter you may be more forgiving but, generally, I even find myself rolling my own eyes, at myself. “What we see on the catwalk (or set, as it so often is these days), is a cross-pollination of creative expression and comment on human experience.” What I am going to say now, though, is that Fashion Week matters, to all of us, a lot. Beyond the obvious aesthetic appeal of working in a creative industry with artists and poets, the draw for me has always been the way this industry acts as a storyteller for what’s happening in society; both a reflection of our current culture and a crystal ball on what will drive it in the future. The word often used is zeitgeist, and never has it been more prevalent than this season when the runways have driven the conversation culturally across the pressing issues of climate change, racial diversity and non-binary inclusion. What we see on the catwalk (or set, as it so often is these days), is a cross-pollination of creative expression and comment on human experience. Sure, we may think the new season is telling us we need ankle socks (see Fendi and Ferragamo), enormous bags to carry all our political woes (practically every brand I can think of) or move back to a bootleg jeans paired with Converse, but if we look more deeply we will see the looks created for us are a simply a shadow of the real issues shaping our lives today. “… the draw for me has always been the way this industry acts as a storyteller for what’s happening in society; both a reflection of our current culture and a crystal ball on what will drive it in the future.” Until recently the industry approach to the socio-political landscape (in which identity politics, inclusion and sustainability have been buzz topics) has been hugely cosmetic, in most cases bordering on grotesque marketing spin. But finally we are now starting to see some genuine action to push an agenda and change the inner workings of brands and the industry at large. For example, while the climate change strike fell during Milan Fashion Week, the protest could be seen on runways from the very outset in New York. Including Collina Strada’s “Eat less meat. Eat more plants. Start a garden. Grow your own food. Cook at home. Plant a tree – plant many trees.” messaging, the ecological bent was present in every city – from the conceptual frame of Kei Ninomiya in Paris to the obvious botanical representations at Dior. But it was the behind the scenes that mattered. The electricity at Dior was made by generators powered by canola oil, Miu Miu’s set was constructed entirely of OSB wood which was then to be provided as creative material for students and professionals, and Sarah Burton championed handiwork and up-cycled materials from previous collections (including Lee McQueen’s). And this is just to single out a few; there was almost no brand that hadn’t considered its sustainable footprint, this surely being the reigning upside to the ever-prevalent social media activism, where complacency is called out. Of course, it’s this rigorous debate within the industry that will be key to the authenticity of any change. Whether we think progression is limited to tokenism, or ‘activism of convenience’ for the sake of trend or not – and I’m certainly not saying that some of the gender and racial diversity we saw from brands wasn’t just that – we have to admit what the industry does well is dialogue. This is a talk we need to be having as without discussion, there’s no action or progression. The BOF 499 scandal around appropriation and inclusion, while not for me to comment on here, is as deeply important as it is interesting, just as the thorough reporting on CSR programs and the appointment of diversity officers at our biggest brands is balanced by the simultaneous questioning of the intentions and merits behind this very thing. In fashion when one person declares it green, there are many more that will argue it chartreuse, sage or even shamrock. I am reminding myself of that blue sweater scene in The Devil Wears Prada here, but the point is that sure, we may serve a lot of kool-aid in the latest ecological, ergonomic pottery vessel but it doesn’t mean everyone will drink it. For an industry that is largely still unchecked, we self-regulate way more than we are given credit for. But enough of my blatant defence of why I have just spent the last month following over a hundred fashion shows and back to the real reason you probably clicked on this. What did I think of the SS 20 collections? Power dressing. I’m still into it. I feel we’re all working hard at the moment – and maybe for some time to come as our economy is being pressure tested and the cost of doing business ethically and sustainably is higher than ever – so I’m compelled by this play on the notion of sovereignty. Like Balenciaga’s political undertones, or “politicians made cool” according to Demna, where he went so far to collaborate with a scent scientist to create an olfactory atmosphere of antiseptic, blood, money and petrol. It was democratic business wear with dialled up luxury intensity that made me think of Bret Easton Ellis’s Patrick Bateman in the only way one can. “Even Celine felt like sex with the ex for the old Céline lovers, as Heidi embraced the bourgeois within his woman, showing us that life really is just French toast for some.” Then there was somewhat of a comeback by Proenza Schouler where, in possibly one of its best ever shows, the collection celebrated women who go to an office every day with broad-shouldered suiting, slicked hair and trainers for those who actually need to move. It appealed to my most pragmatic side; someone understood the hurry I’m in and my need for a fashion uniform. Add the three-piece layered tailoring at Jil Sander and plaid on plaid suiting at Angona and simply, I felt seen. The other big idea that resonated with me was the ever-present linger of sex, but not in a one-dimensional way. It appeared oppositionally everywhere in some kind of lover’s argument: the pure versus the putrid. Oscillating from the blatant sexual symbolism at Mugler, Versace and Anthony V’s sublime sensual being at Saint Laurent, to the immaculateness of Victorian lace at Loewe and Jil Sander where we saw a kind of modern day Jane Austen coquettishness. I could almost hear The Soft Boys’ I Got the Hots; “Wait till you see the statue in my bathroom”. Even Celine felt like sex with the ex for the old Céline lovers, as Heidi embraced the bourgeois within his woman, showing us that life really is just French toast for some. Consider all of this against a backdrop of the simmering 70s: Betty Catroux androgyny, retro prints, an abundance of velvet and collegiate jumpers, and it seems right to question if we might just be on the cusp of the next big sexual revolution. The question begging, are we having too much or not enough? “Victorian lace at Loewe and Jil Sander where we saw a kind of modern day Jane Austen coquettishness.” Before I leave you there, here are some moments I feel will have relevance. High intensity ball gowns at Balenciaga and Valentino because perhaps we’re ready to move on from the slip dress, Freja back on the runway (I loved her in Prada), the genius of J.W.Anderson at both his eponymous label and elevated at Loewe, chunky librarian loafers apply within at Louis Vuitton and Prada, scarecrow sun hats from Dior, leather shorts and pants at Bottega Veneta and Hermès, varsity stripes and rhinestones at Burberry because I wasn’t expecting them, the sofa sandals at Proenza with extra padding to soften the load, super-sized side sling bags, the sandals and nude pedicure at Hermès, French girl hair at Celine and, of course and finally, my ever-secret pleasure of the designer wave at the end of their show; always in uniform, always black pants, white top and denim (Nicolas Ghesquière at Louis Vuitton will do as exhibit A) with that wicked reminder that its all we’ll ever need to wear anyway.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jack Crossing     Pierpaolo Piccioli’s Valentino continues to transform a new generation of fashion for its latest fragrance campaign, directed by Harmony Korine. Born In Roma stars Adut Akech and Anwar Hadid, channeling the rebellious spirit of a new scent from the laneways of Frascati and through the halls of Villa Aldobrandini. An ever-glamorous Akech breathes new life into traditional house codes of feminine ruffles and romantic volume, an embodiment of Piccioli’s vision for diversity. An unexpected but fitting Hadid alternates in biker-chic, paying homage to the street-sensibility of the house’s ready to wear counterparts for an updated Valentino storyline of energetic youth. Trust Adut Akech to make riding motorcycles in couture gowns look effortless, and we remember why she is our ultimate cool-girl muse. It’s a fitting choice for Valentino’s new direction, which finds grit and relevance in amongst the endless organza. Valentino today seeks effervescence in its disruption, all the while grounded by humility and the elevation of the real woman by its creative director. In perhaps the most glamorous rave we’ve seen, Born In Roma spotlights Piccioli’s redefinition of Valentino, as Akech embodies a newfound idiosyncrasy for the house. The fresh face, bold feelings and grand villa setting of the film is particularly reminiscent of Valentino’s formative Spring 2019 Couture January presentation. Based on both medieval and mid-century artistic representations of women of colour, it represented a milestone moment, one of heightened creative realisations and a celebration of inclusivity that continues to resound. The fashion community can vouch for Valentino’s recent impact, with Piccioli’s fashion peers always showing out in numbers to celebrate his runway presentations – his latest SS 20 runway show in Paris was no exception.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan From luxurious sparkles to delicate layers. Fashion Editor Natalie Petrevski shares her RUSSH Loves jewellery favourites of the week. Diamonds are a girl’s best friend. Suzanne Kalan is the incredible L.A.-based fine jewellery designer housed on Net-A-Porter. Not your average luxury jeweller, Kalan creates innovative and unique pieces with colourful, custom-cut gemstones and breathtaking diamonds. A signature design, she’s is best known for her Fireworks Collection – an explosion of scattered diamonds and gemstones. The featured three-tier bracelet being no exception. A classic favourite. SUZANNE KALAN bracelet Diamonds are a girl’s best friend. Suzanne Kalan is the incredible L.A.-based fine jewellery designer housed on Net-A-Porter. Not your average luxury jeweller, Kalan creates innovative and unique pieces with colourful, custom-cut gemstones and breathtaking diamonds. A signature design, she’s is best known for her Fireworks Collection – an explosion of scattered diamonds and gemstones. The featured three-tier bracelet being no exception. A classic favourite. SUZANNE KALAN bracelet It’s all in the stars. Astrology’s had quite the resurgence as of late and, personally, I’m all for it. I read my horoscopes on the regular and am subscribed to all the necessary apps – I have also gone the next step and visited an incredible astrologer to have my chart done. Now, cult jewellery label Sarah & Sebastian are tugging at the heartstrings with their latest collection release, Celestial. A fresh take on zodiac-inspired jewellery, Celestial is a series of necklaces (and earrings) reminiscent of each of the 12 signs’ beautiful constellations, rendered in solid gold and diamonds. As this is not my first rodeo, I will take a piece to reflect all my three signs. Sun sign (Cancer), rising sign (Gemini) and moon (Leo). Yes, we have three signs and yes they all count (PSA – a stranger cannot enter the RUSSH office without the team collectively asking, “Where, when and what time were you born?”). SARAH & SEBASTIAN necklace in Cancer, Gemini and Leo. One for the every day. Rings hold such sentimental value; passed down from generation to generation as symbols of love and commitment, or just a personal statement piece. Meadowlark designers Claire Hammon and Greg Fromont create truly amazing and meaningful “tiny artworks” for both men and women, and their stunning selection of rings is no exception. Three pieces are always better than one, so I start my trio with a hero – the incredible Vita ring in yellow gold and Thai garnet, complete with the August stacker and signet ring in yellow gold. To have and to hold until the end of time. MEADOWLARK Vita ring, August Stacker ring and August Signet ring. One for the every day. Rings hold such sentimental value; passed down from generation to generation as symbols of love and commitment, or just a personal statement piece. Meadowlark designers Claire Hammon and Greg Fromont create truly amazing and meaningful “tiny artworks” for both men and women, and their stunning selection of rings is no exception. Three pieces are always better than one, so I start my trio with a hero – the incredible Vita ring in yellow gold and Thai garnet, complete with the August stacker and signet ring in yellow gold. To have and to hold until the end of time. MEADOWLARK Vita ring, August Stacker ring and August Signet ring. I’m like a magpie when it comes to shiny things, my eyes are immediately drawn to the enticing sparkle. I’m also a firm believer in every person owning a pair of statement earrings – fit for midnight parties and discos, of course. Thankfully for me (and you), Jasmin Sparrow has created the perfect pair. Aptly named ‘Sparkle Earrings’, these dangling wonders come in variations of size and colour. From black onyx and silver in long to smoky quarts and gold in short, I love that these pieces give you a hint of glimmer in a demure and much cooler way. Into the night. JASMIN SPARROW earrings in gold and silver  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jack Crossing     Moncler is no stranger to a cutting-edge collaboration, and for its latest campaign there are no exceptions. This time, it’s Japanese designer Hiroshi Fujiwara and his cult streetwear label fragment design, curating a new chapter for the Moncler Genius World Tour. Fujiwara’s collection is the seventh chapter of the Genius story, with Moncler rendered in new urban feeling. Along with the release, a campaign film directed by Genki Ito stars Tomohisa Yamashita, who transports us through the fantasy. The Moncler Genius series has seen the iconic Italian outwear label chart unexpected territory, with refreshing iterations of their house codes from a collection of bold global tastemakers. Simone Rocha and Richard Quinn are some of our particular favourites to grace the series so far, with an extravagant entrance from Valentino’s Pierpaolo Piccioli next year that we’re eagerly awaiting (think puffer ball gowns). The 7 Moncler Fragment Hiroshi Fujiwara collection takes a more relatable streetwear approach, with moments of military and Americana meeting those of the technical and metropolitan. We would expect nothing less from the fragment design creative, who has garnered a streetwear cult-following through his marriage of vintage motifs with highpoints of the Harajuku streetwear scene, of which he has been so formative. In the film, Tomohisa Yamashita is a digital explorer made native. He steps into a series of Moncler-made vortexes, in the collection’s shiny puffers and military parkas to discover a universe that is familiar yet futuristic. It feels almost Blade Runner… it’s Fujiwara’s aesthetic embodied. He ventures through surreal scenes and his memories in head-to-toe Moncler. ‘Open up your chest and show me you have heart’, he realises, and we’re transported back to reality. The Genius World Tour is a collaboration of epic proportion, with each of the instalments accompanied by a blockbuster global launch event. Fujiwara’s chapter is Japanese-streetwear embodied and ultra-cool, available at Moncler Westfield Sydney and Chadstone Melbourne boutiques from October 3.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT American beauty. She’s got that inimitable brand of androgynous chic and is a self-described “chatty Cathy.” This is everything you need to know about model of the moment, Cara Taylor. After her 2016 whirlwind industry debut (walking for none other than Alexander Wang), Alabama-born Taylor has been working non-stop ever since. And the SS 20 season has proven to be no different – from New York to Paris, this American dream strutted down runways for the likes of Loewe, Givenchy and Burberry. Hailing from Huntsville, Alabama, Taylor was scouted via a decidedly modern forum, Instagram, at just 15-years-old. She’s adept at using the platform to showcase her laid-back sense of humour, and shares a Youtube channel with her boyfriend. So, it’s no wonder that after almost three years of modelling, she is still sought after by top designers and photographers alike, including Steven Meisel, Juergen Teller and Mario Sorrenti. Very few models rise the ranks of the modelling world as quickly as Taylor did – after signing with her mother agent in Alabama, it took just one day for 14 major agencies in New York to leap at the opportunity to have her on their books. And three weeks later, the long-limbed teen was walking down the runways at New York Fashion week. Her debut to the fashion world was Alexander Wang’s SS 17 runway in New York, which left her with not only a bold new blonde bob (a stark contrast to her long brunette locks) but also opened the door to a hugely successful season for the young model. Soon after she was walking for Prada, closing Maria Grazia Chiuri’s SS 17 Christian Dior show, and even opening Chanel in her first Paris Fashion Week. Now 18-years-old, with features in Calvin Klein’s latest campaign and the cool new face of Signorina Ribelle by Ferragamo, the future is bright for this American dream.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ellen Presbury     It’s event season and, for this year’s spring dressing schedule we’re looking beyond the dress. Here, RUSSH rounds up the best suits Australian designers have to offer.  The temperature, it rises. And in this Australian heat the perfect suit means shorts. Anna Quan’s jackets are ever so slightly elongated through the body and sleeves and cut to accentuate your waist. Match the shade of your suit to your favourite summer cocktail and accessories to match your mood. Best worn for your daytime events – we’re looking at you Spring Racing. The temperature, it rises. And in this Australian heat the perfect suit means shorts. Anna Quan’s jackets are ever so slightly elongated through the body and sleeves and cut to accentuate your waist. Match the shade of your suit to your favourite summer cocktail and accessories to match your mood. Best worn for your daytime events – we’re looking at you Spring Racing. He’s perfected the point between androgynous and feminine, and he’ll always be our go-to for a well-cut suit. Once his Resort 20 collection hits stores it’s the classic black suit with a twist – cut-outs exposing erogenous zones and silver ropes adorning the edges – that we’ll be purchasing for any time the dance floor beckons. Melbourne-based E Nolan makes made-to-measure suiting. Pieced together from black Italian wool twill – there’s truly nothing like a two-piece that’s been tailored to your body. It’s best to embrace the energy designer Emily Nolan so perfectly captures and style with your favourite T-shirt, sneakers before heading off into the night (knowing full well you’ll be returning with the sunrise). Melbourne-based E Nolan also makes made-to-measure suiting. Pieced together from black Italian wool twill – there’s truly nothing like a two-piece that’s been tailored to your body. It’s best to embrace the energy designer Emily Nolan so perfectly captures and style with your favourite T-shirt, sneakers before heading off into the night (knowing full well you’ll be returning with the sunrise). When P.Johnson launched its Femme line earlier this year we gave a collective gasp (and cheer) for finally being able to invest in the label best known for perfecting that elegant, nonchalant, European flare for dressing. As the seasons get warmer the invitations roll in, and we’ll be looking here for special occasions. All made-to-measure and customised to our liking – we’ll invest in the luxe velvet for black tie. You only have to look to Bianca Jagger to know that suits + weddings will always go hand in hand. Easy fits and relaxed silhouettes. Viktoria & Woods’ designs are perfect for that beachside engagement party, garden cocktails, the Christmas lunch or for when the end of year brings enough impetus to organise the annual friend catchup. There’s just a certain confidence a woman in a suit exudes. Extra points for styling with practical footwear and nothing but a lace bra beneath. Easy fits and relaxed silhouettes. Viktoria & Woods’ designs are perfect for that beachside engagement party, garden cocktails, the Christmas lunch or for when the end of year brings enough impetus to organise the annual friend catchup. There’s just a certain confidence a woman in a suit exudes. Extra points for styling with practical footwear and nothing but a lace bra beneath. From top: Anna Quan @annaquanlabel; Christopher Esber @christopher_esber; E Nolan @enolanmelbourne; P. Johnson Femme @pjohnsonfemme; Viktoria & Woods @viktoriaandwoods.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Stephanie Millett     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   Gil Rodriguez @gil.rodriguez.   Athleisure is the trend that hit the ground running and hasn’t showed any signs of slowing down. Enter: bike shorts – once a 90s sportswear dream, now a modern wardrobe staple. Style with an oversized blazer, printed tee or sweatshirt and embrace the cyclist within. We love the appropriately titled Tour De France short from L.A.-based Gil Rodriguez, made in a plush cotton spandex jersey. Spun by skilled workers using high quality fabrics, they also offer matching crop tops in a range of stylish hues. Australian fashion duo NAGNATA combine the best of both worlds with their cute retro bike shorts, as well as their modern seamless sports shorts. Their “studio to street-style” designs allow you to go from yoga to brunch with ease. Girlfriend Collective champions sustainability with their bike shorts crafted from recycled water bottles collected from Taiwan. Once you’ve worn out your favourite pair, they can be sent back via their ‘Re-Girlfriend’ recycling program for store credit. For a more elevated look, Ernest Leoty has taken inspiration from French tailoring techniques to create performance wear for the modern woman. Designed in Europe, their biker shorts are not only chic but also durable enough to handle a fast-paced workout. Proving that athleisure can be high fashion, Paco Rabanne now has a range of luxe bodyline shorts for those wanting the ultimate combination of style and comfort. For the the daring, their gold lurex shorts are bright enough to rival Kylie Minogue’s. We’re here for the ride.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski    PHOTOGRAPHY Imaxtree.com A closing week like no other. Untimely rain and traffic as far as the eye could see didn’t stop designers presenting their dreamy Spring Summer 20 collections. Fashion Editor Natalie Petrevski rounds up the best of this season’s Paris Fashion Week. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN
 Designed and made to perfection. Sarah Burton’s Alexander McQueen SS 20 showcase celebrated local talent and incredible craftsmanship. Special mentions go to the puffed sleeves, delicate lace, leather dresses, architectural ruffles and deconstructed blazers. BALENCIAGA The belle of the Balenciaga ball. A diverse casting of faces that included lawyers, engineers, gallerists and top models walked a futuristic blue spiral runway for Demna Gvasalia’s Balenciaga SS 20 show. From ultra-wide 80s power shoulders to metallic ballroom dresses with oversized exaggerated bows and bouncy skirts. We want it all. CELINE The 70s was a recurring theme this season, and as such Hedi Slimane’s Celine was an array of denim midi skirts and bootcut jeans, slim tailored blazers, hippie suede jackets, knee-high boots, embroidered dresses and ruffled blouses. CHANEL A new era. We scaled Parisian rooftops in the Grand Palais with ultra French girls for Virginie Viard’s first ready-to-wear Chanel collection since the passing of Karl Lagerfeld. Signature house tweed, mini skirts and coats, playsuits, ruffles and metallic shorts set the mood. CHLOÉ Chloé’s SS 20 runway proved that bliss is best found in the simple things. Layering silk boxers under long shorts, soft feminine dresses over tailored trousers, leather combat boots paired with a knit dress or exposing your bra just so. CHRISTIAN DIOR Nature, baby. Maria Grazia Chiuri created an outdoor oasis for SS 20. Inspired by the real ‘Miss Dior’ – Christian’s sister Catherine – the collection stayed true to Chiuri’s whimsical silhouettes. Featuring sheer dresses, signature embroidery and appliqué, tulle, rope sandals and a new inclusion of raffia. Sunday gardening just got better. DRIES VAN NOTEN An incredible surprise and extremely welcome collaboration between Dries Van Noten and Christian Lacroix. It was all feathered head pieces, zebra prints, bubble sleeves, brocade, florals, leopard print, polka dots and so much more. A mash of all extremes yet the signatures of Dries and Lacroix all synergised so wonderfully together. GIAMBATTISTA VALLI Flower power. Floral print dresses matched with real life petal beauty looks. Soft and sweet. GIVENCHY Inspired by her time living in New York in the 90s, it was all well-tailored minimalism for Clare Waight Keller’s Givenchy SS 20 offering. No fuss fashion. HERMÈS Strong and sleek. Nadège Vanhee-Cybulski honoured the house’s leather code and heritage for Hermès SS 20. The new workwear. ISABEL MARANT French bohemian festival boys and girls. It was a mixture of baggy boyfriend jeans and ultra short denim cut-offs, 80s style jumpsuits, cinched waists, slouchy knee-high boots and spaghetti-strap wrap sandals. Touches of suede, print, beading and lace to complete. LEMAIRE Clothing for the everyday. Clothing you want to wear. Refined, classic and purposeful; can Christophe Lemaire and Sarah-Linh Tran be in charge of our wardrobes all the time? LOEWE Ethereal, poetic, and aristocratic. Jonathan Anderson took inspirations from history, and in true J.W.A form championed the incredible craftsmanship from the 16th and 17th centuries. From lace, embroidery and house leather, this was a show that was light, modern and truly incredible. LOUIS VUITTION Nicolas Ghesquière celebrated French history for Louis Vuitton’s SS 20 show. Sharp vests, pinstripe trousers, wide collars, bright jacquard prints, mini dresses, leather skirts, puff sleeves and quirky VHS inspired bags. MAISON MARGIELA It was a Maison Margiela military for Spring Summer 20. The uniform ranged from nurses to navy seals with pinstripe jackets, patent knee-high boots, belted waists, coloured capes and deconstructed layers. MIU MIU Leave it to Miuccia Prada to create Italian glamour in Paris, with a lesson in up-cycling your grandma’s closet. DIY fusions of materials, trinket-style embellishments, artful layering, deconstructed sweaters and patent leather with painted florals. MUGLER A lesson in undressing. It was vintage inspirations from Thierry Mugler’s iconic work from the 80s and 90s. Casey Cadwallader presented second skin pieces, corsetry, sheer stockings and the black spaghetti strap bra of our dreams. PACO RABANNE A 70s psychedelic rock trip. Signature chain mail dresses and skirts, floral prints, rainbow stripes and polka dots, silver metallic suits, knee-high bright coloured socks, slim tailoring, wide collars and artful styling. SAINT LAURENT A softer edge for Anthony Vacarrello’s Saint Laurent SS 20. Inspired by the hippie-chic era of the original Yves Saint Laurent, models donned paisley embroidered dresses, peasant blouses and headscarves. The YSL DNA was still present, however, with injections of sheer tops, short shorts, playsuits and sequins galore. Notable mention to Naomi Campbell closing the show in a reimagined black sequin Le Smoking suit. STELLA MCCARTNEY Her most sustainable collection so far, with over 75 per cent of materials used being eco-friendly. Stella McCartney is no doubt the fashion industry’s eco-climate warrior, and her SS 20 show was a glimmer of hope in these dark times we are currently facing. VALENTINO Simply beautiful. Pierpaolo Piccioli continues to bring dreams to life with his SS 20 collection. Couture worthy gowns, bright splashes of welcome colour, exaggerated puff sleeves and all white ensembles. These masterpieces have a foreseeable future on the red carpet this awards season.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The final countdown. We’re coming to the end of our Fashion Week calendar, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t time for one more show. Live from the City of Lights, Miu Miu presents its SS 20 runway collection. Watch as it happens from 10:30pm AEST. We’ll always have Paris.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Rosie Dalton    PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy of Covolos Ethical fashion is personal fashion. Which means brands and consumers should be aligning their consumption habits with what speaks to their souls. Fashion’s environmental impact is pretty inescapable, though. And, while green packaging or take-back schemes are great, it’s the fabrics themselves that contribute most to a brand’s footprint. This is because fibres such as cotton traditionally demand a lot of water and pesticides, while man-made fabrics like polyester actually derive from plastics. One brand committed to spreading the word about sustainable fabrics is Colovos. Founded by husband and wife design duo Michael and Nicole Colovos – formerly of Helmut Lang – this New York-based brand is now moving towards a zero waste model. One that is based around organic materials and closed loop systems. Here, they run us through exactly what sustainable fabrics mean – and why they are the future for fashion. Can you talk us through some of the sustainable fibres that Colovos works with?
Michael: Well, there are natural fibres like wool, silk and cotton. But one of the biggest issues with cotton is that it uses a lot of water to grow and also a lot of pesticides. So we use organic cotton, which is pesticide free, and we’re also working with farms that engineer the cotton seeds to use 95 per cent less water. Then there’s cupro (which is a wood pulp based cellulose fibre), and triacetate (which is also a cellulose fibre). The triacetate we work with is the only one in the world to use a closed loop system. Nicole: When you start looking at it, there are actually a lot of fabrics you can use, which break down in a sustainable way. And then, once you look at how a fibre breaks down, it also becomes about how it is manufactured. It’s a work in progress, but it is getting better. 
“People are becoming more aware of [the sustainability conversation], so the demand is there.” – Nicole Covolos
 How do you go about sourcing your sustainable fabrics?
Michael: We work with factories all over the world, but a lot of our clothes are made in New York. The technology [around sustainable fabrics] is still fairly new, so we just started asking around; speaking to some agents and mill owners. Once we found out what was possible, we started asking everyone and those that weren’t working sustainably, we decided not to work with anymore. Making ethically has always been an important part of our ethos … I spend a lot of time at the factories and we pay a little bit more to get things produced in small-managed environments. Nicole: Most of the yarns for our recent Woolmark collection, for example, were sourced through mills working with the Greenpeace Detox Program. So, the idea there is to eliminate all harmful chemicals from the production process. Some of the factories we work with also use solar panels to power their electricity. So that’s sort of the starting point for us and then, from there, we just try to find the best and most unusual ways of working with fabrics. “I like to know who is sewing the clothing and that they are being treated fairly.” – Michael Covolos Wool is a pretty amazing fibre, as far as natural fabrics go …
Nicole: Yeah, and our wool pieces were actually designed so that maybe you don’t think they’re wool. The knitwear is a super soft merino, which almost feels like cashmere. And some of the items that look like denim are actually wool. Then there is a puffer jacket that’s made of 100 per cent wool, but it doesn’t feel like wool at all. It’s waterproof, and the fill is all wool. So we really tried to take the idea of this scratchy, classic fabric and find the most modern interpretations we could. But at the same time using a very sustainable sensibility. All the production scraps are held aside, and then they get broken down and reworked into new yarn. So, it’s a circular proposition. It’s so important to think about all those different touch points for waste and how to reabsorb and repurpose it.
Michael: We’re embracing all of that in our collections going forward. We want to be a zero waste company. Wherever we can’t get away from carbon emissions through shipping and things like that, we plan to offset through programs like reforestation. So how do you approach sustainability with things like packaging?
Michael: Our look books are printed on recycled paper and our main labels are made from recycled polyester, which is [up-cycled using] plastic bottles from the ocean. A lot of these petroleum-based fibres like polyester are toxic and to break them down is also toxic, but we are working with mills and factories that use closed loop systems, so all of the toxic chemicals are recycled and reused, rather than being put back into the environment. Have you had to educate consumers about the sustainable fabrics you’re using?
Michael: Well every piece we produce has a QR code on it, so the customer can look that item up and it will tell them about the inspiration behind the piece and its material content. Which is partly for end of life as well. Because we want clothes to last forever, but after wearing something for ten or fifteen years, we want people to be able to send their clothes back to us, for recycling into new fabrics. Also, if something ends up being resold, then we’d like the new customer to understand its story. Do you feel like you’ve had to make any design sacrifices in order to work with sustainable fabrics?
Michael: No, because these are all fabrics that we love to work with anyway. They’re all luxurious, wearable fibres, so it’s not like we are giving something up. It’s just about doing that extra research. Which also helps the elimination process for us and keeps our focus really narrow. Nicole: Yeah and we always try to design classic clothing with a little bit of a twist. Keeping your clothes for a long time is key for us. So, we often bring back the same silhouettes in different fabrics, so people don’t feel like they need to update constantly. If the silhouette has already been perfected, why do we need it to go away? We can just tweak it slightly. Michael: Our end goal is to make a really beautiful collection that people like. So, we’re not trying to shove [sustainability] down people’s throat. But it just so happens that our collections are also sustainable, ethically-made and non-toxic.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT We caught up with super Amber Valletta, our cover star Adesuwa Aighewi  and our street style favourites from London and Milan. See the newest faces of Loewe, Dior and Chloé, captured by photographer Myles Kalus for RUSSH. Rocio Marconi, Licett Morillo, Kimberly Gelabert, Isabela Camargo and Sophia Roberts at Christian Dior. Yeva Podurian at Balmain. Ambar Zarzuela and Lineisy Montero at Christian Dior. Adesuwa Aighewi at Christian Dior. Jing Huang Jiang and Fang Lei at Y/Project. Sara Wallerstedt and Rachel Marx at Dries Van Noten. Adut Akech at Haider Ackermann. Naomi Chin Wing and Kyla Ramsey at Nina Ricci. Danielle Lashley at Chloé. Georgia Fowler at Redemption. Giedre Dukauskaite at Altuzarra. Ulia Merkelbach, Chai Maximus and Maike Inga at Loewe. Devon Windsor at Etam. Lucan Gillespie at Christian Dior. Lily Vogt, Nora Attal and Vittoria Ceretti at Chloé. Sophie Martynova at Y/Project. Jane Furman and Aaliyah Hydes at Balmain. Chaikra Maximus at Dries Van Noten. Karen Elson at Loewe. Indira Scott at Altuzarra. Mica Argañaraz at Chloé. Carolina Burgin at Christian Dior. Cara Taylor at Loewe. Sara Blomqvist at Dries Van Noten. Sabah Koj at Elie Saab. Rebecca Longendyke at Christian Dior. Amber Valletta at Loewe. Marte Mei van Haaster at Haider Ackermann.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The perfect puffer jacket for any occasion? It’s always been Moncler. But it was the launch of its eponymous Genius collaborations with couture fashion houses, featuring a new guard of designers and reimagined femininity, that saw the brand soar. Think sweeping puffer gowns by Pierpaolo Piccioli of Maison Valentino, flying flags conceptualised by UK designer Craig Green and Simone Rocha’s floral appliquéd take on outerwear. We played with the in-house 1952 collection and now, to celebrate the launch of the 2 Moncler 1952 collection, Australian-raised, New York-based creative Margaret Zhang brings together a diverse cast of local creative minds to direct a short film for the house. A visual personification of Moncler Genius’ principle (One House. Different Voices), watch Jordan, Beaker and Ange explore life inside an artist’s residence, wearing the 2 Moncler 1952 collection designed by in-house designers Sergio Zambon and Veronica Leoni. There’s mixed media, in-fighting, timed showers and all. Just press play. 2 MONCLER 1952 is now available in Moncler boutiques and moncler.com, and in selective wholesale networks worldwide.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jack Crossing    PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel With the Spring Summer 20 fashion season coming to a close, our eyes fall on Loewe. After a momentum-gaining AW 19 show, J.W.Anderson’s effortless way with clean lines and inventive feminine forms cemented Loewe’s status as RUSSH favourite, with endless wardrobe inspirations. A look at previous collections sees poetry and personality, with the effortless restraint of a modern eye. We’re eager to see what a SS 20 response looks like, but something tells us it will be straight out of an art gallery. Above all, Loewe shows are admired for their bags, which is never an issue for us. At this early stage, all we know is that the house will debut a new classic in the ‘Balloon Bag’ (destined to be the carrier of the season). We can’t all get time off work to fly to Paris, but luckily you can stream the Loewe show live right here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Stephanie Millett     We’re all guilty of having a tearful meltdown every once in a while, but no one makes it look as theatrically evocative as actor Jodie Comer in Loewe’s new short film, Either Way. Channeling an inner Villanelle (her Emmy-award winning character from the television series Killing Eve), Comer spends two minutes guiding us through the entire spectrum of human emotion under the direction of Steven Miesel, her dialogue consisting of only one (key) word: Loewe. The film begins with whispering and the weeping of innocent tears, before building to a crescendo of agitated shouting and laughter, crying out “Loewe” all the while – at one point concealing her watery eyes with a glamorous pair of on-brand sunglasses. If you were ever in doubt as to the pronunciation of the Spanish luxury brand’s name, let this film be your guide. Loewe.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Stephanie Millett    PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy of Instagram Spring heralds the arrival of longer days, warmer weather and, most importantly, more sun. Seek out the shade with our curation of the chicest frames to update your trans-seasonal look. Bondi-born Bailey Nelson have released a new collection, Televisioni, taking design cues from the 50s with bold cat-eye frames, statement geometric lines and a spin-off of the classic wayfarer style. Icons are reborn with the re-launch of Christian Roth’s classic oval Series-4001 sunglasses, first worn by a young Kate Moss in 1992. Style doesn’t have to mean the sacrifice of sustainability, as proven via Auór’s hand-crafted ethical shades and POMS’ biodegradable RETTA frames. Rounding it off with Retrosuperfuture, whose eye-catching lenses have been spotted on the likes of Vittoria Ceretti, Billie Eilish and our favourite Keanu Reeves. Dream on. PHOTOGRAPHY @auor_co; @baileynelson; @pomseyewear; @retrosuperfuture; @christianrotheyewear.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Whilst we all can’t be seated front row at Fashion Week each season, we can still watch the runways unfold in real time. For Christian Dior Resort 20 the scene was set in Marrakech – poolside under the night sky – and for AW 19 it was Teddy girls and modern feminism, think Dior with a touch of rock ‘n’ roll. As for Spring Summer 20? Tune in below to watch as Maria Grazia Chiuri presents her new collection for the house of Dior.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ellen Presbury    PHOTOGRAPHY Imaxtree Ciao Milano. From nods to the 90s (hello Bottega), early oughts (JLo in a welcome cameo at Versace) and the summer of love (Fendi), Market & Beauty Director Ellen Presbury pens our trend report for Milan Fashion Week SS 20. AGNONA Layer upon layer. Unsure of how to wear checks? According to Agnona, it’s all the types and all at once. Worth noting here were the fabrications. BOSS Moving their shows from New York to Milan the brand showcased wearable separates and perfect tailoring in suedes, leathers and cottons. Pair with statement eyewear and pops of colour. BOTTEGA VENETA
 To say we love the new Bottega would be an understatement. Us and the rest of the fashion industry, that is. This was a collection where the accessories were as strong as the clothes. Jewellery, sunglasses, shoes and bags, all set to be the new ‘it’ piece. There was a nod to the 90s, a return of the covetable leather short, and denim, knit and glow-mesh to lust after. EMPORIO ARMANI Mr. Armani knows how to cut a dress well. A collection comprised of his signature colour palette with a few pops of electric blue, we’ll be forever reaching for his evening wear. ETRO Business bohemian. Because who said you have to choose? Mix your floral dress with your suits and your shirting with the jewellery collected over the years from across the world. The finale of the runway made a strong case for loose fit, low riding pants and borrowing from your dad’s wardrobe. FENDI If you loved the 60s and 70s then Fendi’s spring summer runway is for you – a collection that felt both wearable and made for the screen. The first collection designed without Karl Lagerfeld, Silvia Venturini Fendi spoke of the freedom of summer, liberation and ease. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO
 This collection used colour in a way that felt neutral. Greens, blue, pinks and orange all appeared as natural tonal progressions instead of bold seasonal wardrobe injections. Take note of the footwear this season, and the pieces destined to become instant classics. ALBERTA FERRETTI
 Tangerine dream. Making a case for orange and co-ordinating tie-dye outfits. There was a big nod to the 70s this season – suede mini skirts and flared pants (take note of the single earring throughout the collection). GUCCI
 It’s been a while since I’ve like a Gucci show so much. In the eyes of Alessandro Michele, this is minimalism. That is, while also staying firmly planted inside the aesthetic Michele has reimagined the brand (and industry) to be. It was somewhat sexy for a designer known best for his grandma-chic, vintage quirk designs. Lace slip dresses, nipple-grazing scoop necks and leather gloves reigned. JIL SANDER
 It’s not the first time they’ve made us a fall in love with a floor length dress. It’s that touch of craftsmanship that elevates the Jil Sander pieces from simply being labelled as minimalist. The micro-bag trend also continues here. MARNI
 The time has passed for greenwashing. When people revolt the world over real change is needed, and expected, even more so. The materials for both the set design and the collection were recycled / up-cycled/ repurposed and organic. It was big colours and even bigger prints (created in-house) for Marni’s Spring Summer collection. The painted leathers pieces felt like the right sort of one-of-a-kind, and Francesco Risso’s barefoot bow at the end will be remembered. MAX MARA
 Short suits. We know and love them well. Pair with knee-high socks and matching trench. MISSONI
 Angela Missoni spoke of drawing inspiration from Jane Birkin and Serge Gainsbourg. Same. The opening look perfected the androgynous, / borrowed from your partner / nonchalant attitude the pair so perfectly represented. From there it was pieces to mix and match. Worried about clashing prints? Don’t be. Tie multiple jumpers around your waist and string all your scarfs together as one. Summer and maximalism just went hand in hand. N.21
 A classic collection with just enough elements of deconstruction. Take the undone, one-shouldered tank tops, extra-long, false sleeves and buttons made to mismatch. PHILOSOPHY DI LORENZO SERAFINI It’s the 80s, baby. Big rounded shoulders, denim on denim and disco-fever leather – it’s time to raid your mum’s wardrobe. There was a big portion of the collection that felt very Chanel (tweed denim, tweed stripes) but for us it was the all-white power suit and denim tuxedo (with cowboy boots) that stole the show. PRADA
 For Muccia Prada a woman’s strengths lie in her contradictions, and what better way to show them than in clothing; cheesecloth dresses adorned with jewels, basket weave bags paired with business blazers, classic brown coats and pink snakeskin hats. For us it was those semi-sheer pieces scattered throughout the show that kept us coming back. SPORTMAX
 Just a touch. It was the trimmings of leather against billowing dresses, the collars of blouses, cuffs, belts and waist lines. A different kind of nautical. TOD’S
 Unexpected splashes of colour and expertly crafted pieces designed to build a wardrobe that lasts. VERSACE
 You all saw the runway – it was all unavoidable on Instagram. Versace played to its late 90s, early 00s strengths and sent little black dresses and outfits that scream because the night down the runway. Notable mentions – the ‘Gianni Versace’ slogan jumpers and mini glow-mesh bags.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Naomi Watts @naomiwatts; Joey King @allanface.   Night of nights. From Gwyneth in vintage Valentino to Joey in her signature crop, we round up the best of Instagram from the 2019 Emmy Awards.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson    PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy @olivialilalahood “It is about increasing the longevity of unique pieces with untold stories, and [giving] them a new life with a look that goes beyond its origins.” For Sydney-based Olivia Lahood, a passion and belief for sustainable fashion runs deep. “The idea of sustainable fashion is one I personally know as a core part of my Lebanese culture,” she explains. “My grandmothers would make their own clothes, and my mother, who has had a career as a maker, would always find time to make for herself and our family. These pieces are also treasured and passed down as heirlooms. I guess this fuelled my interest in clothing from a young age, and the idea of owning something that has been worn and loved has always been more interesting to me.” Utilising her education at the Sydney Tafe Institute and experience working in the design space, Lahood embarked on the logical next step for someone whose fascinations are so deeply entrenched within the sustainable fashion space – founding her own eponymous online atelier to collate and sell vintage wares, Olivia Lila Lahood. Brimming with considered, sophisticated, well-maintained pieces, captured artfully against white walls and polished concrete floors, Lahood (thankfully) omits the legwork often associated with vintage shopping. Instead offering shoppers a curated edit of second hand luxury treasures, browsable at their personal discretion. In celebration of Second Hand September, we talk with Lahood all things personal style, the best cities for vintage and what to look for when sourcing those one-of-a-kind pre-loved pieces. “I’ve always had an emotional attachment to the clothing I’ve owned. Each piece is connected to a memory, whether it’s who made it, the designer behind the label or events in my life.” Can you tell us a little bit about your personal style?
In my personal style I have a less-is-more approach to dressing, even though my wardrobe isn’t a reflection of that. I like to mix vintage with designer – most of which is second hand. My store reflects this mix of designer and vintage, it’s a chance for me to share my style whilst being more experimental, a platform for my dream wardrobe. How would you describe your own relationship with clothing and how has it evolved over the years?
Clothing has always held a sentimental value to me, growing up with a mother who is a dressmaker. Studying at the Sydney Tafe Institute and pursuing a career in fashion for the last decade has also solidified my appreciation for the dedication and process that goes into the design and production of clothing. “In my day-to-day wardrobe I could not live without my beloved Levi’s and variations of micro-heeled Manolo Blahnik’s, which are always on high rotation.” Have you always had an interest/passion in vintage clothing?
For as long as I can remember I have been searching through thrift stores looking for something different to wear. As a teenager I would buy something purely for it’s fabric, so I could reinvent something new. As my sense of style developed it was more about the quality and design behind the garment. Now it’s just a way of life. What sort of pieces do you stock on Olivia Lila Lahood? (What do you specifically look for in the pieces you sell?)
My vintage pieces range from rare finds from the Victorian era all the way to clothing from the early 00s. When looking for pieces I only commit to purchases that make me feel a certain way. It’s all very personal to me and my style. The quality, fabric and silhouette are the main things I consider when purchasing for the store. What’s your favourite era of vintage?
My favourite era is the  30s, my personal collection of bias cut dresses in silk and lace (and so much nightwear) is something I just can’t let go of. What should we be looking out for when buying our own second hand pieces?
The first thing to look for when buying second hand is the care label to check the fabric composition. I’m always drawn to natural fabrics and neutral colours, because I personally get the most wear out of these pieces. Best always to inspect the garment for stains or faults, because if something is damaged beyond repair chances are you won’t wear it. If you feel like you’ve struck gold once you’ve found it, then buy it – I know the feeling too well when you put it back on the rack and are still thinking about it the next day. If shopping online look for items with clear photos and a thorough description of the fit and measurements. Also, don’t hesitate to ask questions, most people are happy to accommodate. I often find it hard to let go of things, so knowing it is going to someone who will love and wear it is always a feel good. What is your most treasured second hand piece?
My mother had a ‘going away dress’ on her wedding day, an old tradition when the couple would change from their formal wear to depart for their honeymoon. It’s a black strapless dress that is cut in a tiered lace. She made it herself and it’s just my ideal LBD. It still hangs in her wardrobe, but I’ve laid claim to it. Where is your favourite place in the world to go vintage shopping?
There is the most incredible vintage store called Depot-Vente located in a tiny studio in Beirut’s Mar Mikhael neighbourhood. I will never forget the feeling of finally finding it and walking in, to see that it was stocked from the floor to ceiling, in a kind of organised chaos. The Sunday Market in Beirut is also a must for all things second-hand, whether it’s antiques, clothing, jewellery or books – in the peak of summer it’s wonderful to shop and bask in the sunshine.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Myles Kalus Pass you by. Africa Penalver and Lina Zhang are our ones to watch, we met Cara Taylor at Fendi, Philosophy and Ferragamo, and the new supers after Tod’s. See the faces, the street style and the off-duty muses at Milan Fashion Week. Kiki Willems and Rianne Van Rompaey at Tod’s. Cara Taylor at Philosophy Di Lorenzo Serafini. Karlijn Kusters, Mathilde Henning and Ilya Vermeulen at Boss. Rachelle Harris at Max Mara. Frida Henneberg at Fendi. Myrthe Bolt and Merel Zoet at Blumarine. Noa Zijlmans at Peter Pilotto. Kiki Wei at Vivetta. Evelyn Nagy and Sasha Nnysh at Boss. Lineisy Montero and Diandra Martinez at Max Mara. Africa Penalver at Bottega Veneta. Mathilde Henning and Felice Noordhoff at Sportmax. Steinberg at Sportmax. Nikki Tissen at MSGM. Fion Hui at Vivetta. Hyun Ji Shin at Marni. Lina Zhang at Tod’s. Mona Tourgaard and Selena Forrest at Salvatore Ferragamo. Sijia Kang at Philosophy Di Lorenzo. Shuping Li at Peter Pilotto. Sara Grace Wallerstedt at Fendi. Sora Choi at Max Mara. Adut Akech at Tod’s. Birgit Kos and Grace Elizabeth at Max Mara.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Alessandro’s Gucci is always a highlight of the season – whether it’s models carrying their own replica heads down the runway, the larger than life styling or the sets that feel more like nightclubs than Fashion Week locales. Here we bring you his Spring Summer 20 collection live from Milan Fashion Week – curtains up at 12:00am.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jack Crossing     Off the back of a show-stopping, kaleidoscopic runway presentation for his Spring 2020 collection, Marc Jacobs changes pace with a new film for the brand’s AW 19 runway collection. Directed by Briet Olina, with cinematography by Katla Sólnes, Me, My Home follows Sasha Frolova to the edge of the earth in a windy Iceland countryside, in full kitsch form.. Frolova battles glacial wind to read the newspaper, sip milk and take her Marc Jacobs-filled washing off the line. Intriguing and effortless, always, this time she opts for the Northern Lights over regular New York City lights. If there’s anything Marc Jacobs knows for sure, it’s the coolest girls of the moment. Sasha Frolova brings a fresh attitude, and a knack for photography this time, adding series of self-portraits for the campaign of fashionable stills from her Icelandic escapades. It’s always nice to see a collection imbued with new feelings and the artistry of other creatives. Me, My Home does just that … it makes us feel at home, while also giving us style (and even holiday) inspiration in the process.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Marie-Louise Wedel Nielsen @marielouisewedel; Duckie Thot @duckieofficial.   Bigger and better. Oversized, boyfriend, boxy – whatever your lingo, the XL blazer is the go-to staple outerwear to polish and elevate any outfit. Pairing a masculine edge with sharp tailoring, it’s the sought after piece no longer restricted to office hours. Try it on for size in a classic black like Freja and Regina, go sleek and grey like Ganna and Iris, or opt for the modern business check like Marie-Louise and Emily. Iconic, refined and a little androgynous, the oversized blazer is a true power play. Try on our pick from ACNE STUDIOS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski     The giant week that closes Fashion Month, and it’s no doubt that Paris is one of the most anticipated cities on the circuit. With an added flare and excitement, Fashion Editor Natalie Petrevski rounds up the ones to watch at Paris Fashion Week. The best prints in the game. Mixing leopard with bright florals? Yes please. I usually gravitate towards the menswear pieces for Dries – my oversized party shirt is my favourite purchase to date. The best prints in the game. Mixing leopard with bright florals? Yes please. I usually gravitate towards the menswear pieces for Dries – my oversized party shirt is my favourite purchase to date. I’ve always coveted an Isabel Marant broad shoulder – the ever-classic 80s silhouette that is synonymous with Marant runways. Designed for the ultimate Parisian girl; give me all the boots, boiler suits, leather, denim and mini hemlines. If the J.W.Anderson SS 20 show in London was anything to go by, the stakes for Jonathan Anderson’s Loewe Spring Summer offering just got higher. He’s the D.I.Y style maestro who always favours the arts, creating delightfully patchworked pieces that just seem so right. From the shoes, bags, headwear, knitwear, multi-fabrications – one of everything, s’il vous plait. If the J.W.Anderson SS 20 show in London was anything to go by, the stakes for Jonathan Anderson’s Loewe Spring Summer offering just got higher. He’s the D.I.Y style maestro who always favours the arts, creating delightfully patchworked pieces that just seem so right. From the shoes, bags, headwear, knitwear, multi-fabrications – one of everything, s’il vous plait. Lose yourself. She’s the rock ‘n’ roll girl who’s dressed and ready for a midnight party. It’s the chain mail overlays, the glomesh second skin 90s wonders, the mirror-effect plates that can only be described as large sequins and the glittering linked mini bags. Get it? I mean, don’t we all want to be one of Anthony Vaccarello’s girls – ultra cool and adorned in black religiously? I’m still longing for the day I get invited to a party where I can wear one of these incredible sequin mini dresses and it be socially acceptable. Or perhaps ‘acceptability’ isn’t the point? I mean, don’t we all want to be one of Anthony Vaccarello’s girls – ultra cool and adorned in black religiously? I’m still longing for the day I get invited to a party where I can wear one of these incredible sequin mini dresses and it be socially acceptable. Or perhaps ‘acceptability’ isn’t the point? Pierpaolo Piccioli can do no wrong in my book, forever conjuring my dream fantasies and then some. From the sweeping oversized silhouettes, billowing sleeves and ruffles galore, to the incredible diverse casting, triple XL sun hats, top to toe sequin gowns that would make even Celine Dion envious, and probably my favourite beauty looks ever (I’m looking at you feathered lashes and sparkling eyes). Salivating. From top: @driesvannoten; @isabelmarant; @loewe; @pacorabanne; @ysl; @maisonvalentino.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski    PHOTOGRAPHY Imaxtree.com Despite the dark political cloud looming over Britain this season, designers still came out to present show-stopping collections with sustainability at the forefront. Here, Fashion Editor Natalie Petrevski reflects on the highlights from this season’s London Fashion Week. A.W.A.K.E. MODE
Simplicity with a twist. From upside down shirting to back–to-front skirts, Natalia Alaverdian’s SS 20 collection for A.W.A.K.E MODE was light and considered and to be worn on repeat. We’re especially coveting the sleek nude side-pleated skirt and beige strapless top. Bring back the early 2000s. BURBERRY
The evolution of Burberry. Riccardo Tisci was inspired by the Victorian age of Thomas Burberry for his 100+ piece collection. With a stellar cast including Freja Beha Erichsen, Cat McNeil, Irina Shayk and a return from Agnes Deyn, SS 20 saw the signature Burberry trench and tailoring with variations of crystal mesh, ruffled lace, corset detailing and puff sleeves. ERDEM
Picture a series of Spanish riding hats, contrasting scarves, Victorian gowns and tiered skirts, paired with a sea of colour and prints for Erdem’s SS 20 show. J.W.ANDERSON
I’ve always had a soft spot for sparkles, probably inherited from my mother. From the incredible crystal drop earrings, to the jewelled bras and glittering rope belts and necklaces. I’ll take one of each please. Notable mentions also go to the flat rope sandals, shoulder bags and silver tunics. MARGARET HOWELL
Tailored, unfussy, purposeful, classic, casual, unpretentious and ultra cool was how each and every model looked on the Margaret Howell runway. MOLLY GODDARD
Forever romancing the tulle. Molly Goddard delivered her signature light, airy layers and silhouettes, the kind you want to spin endless circles in. PORTS 1961
A debut show under new creative director Karl Templer, SS 20 saw a fusion of materials and silhouettes. From Hawaiian prints paired with electric blue pleats, to the ever-classic beige trench coat colliding with red checks. For multiple moods and multiple occasions. All in one. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI
Sustainable fashion for the future. Sheer lace, ruffle dresses and free-flowing silhouettes – Justin Thornton and Thea Bregazzi presented their SS 20 collection with pieces made from recycled plastic bottles and textiles. REJINA PYO
Book club girls. Rejina Pyo makes ultra-wearable clothes for the day-to-day, proving that real life need not be boring. While showcasing her first unisex collection, Pyo also introduced pieces such as a bright lime green 80s-inspired dress, yellow checked suit and pastel blue puff sleeve shirt. ROLAND MOURET
Soft pastel colours, softer silhouettes. Everything light and flowing and easy and beautiful. SIMONE ROCHA
Simone Rocha never disappoints with those signature balloon silhouettes, lace overlay and frills, with unexpected added touches of straw. Forever feminine, forever mysterious. VICTORIA BECKHAM
It was a super chic and sleek 70s-inspired affair for Victoria Beckham SS 20. VB presented her classic signature tailored suits, but it was the free-flowing ruffle dresses that had us ready to move. All we need is the dance floor from Saturday Night Fever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski     Italy always has our heart. From the flashy showstoppers to the forever icons, Fashion Editor Natalie Petrevski shares the shows to watch at Milan Fashion Week. Daniel Lee’s Autumn Winter 19 runway debut for Bottega Veneta was a highly anticipated one. The pressure was on to fill the giant void of a post-Phoebe Philo Celine era in our hearts – and he did not disappoint. From long leather shorts and leather dresses, to quilted skirts and the most sought after mesh shoe of the season. Bottega is back. Daniel Lee’s Autumn Winter 19 runway debut for Bottega Veneta was a highly anticipated one. The pressure was on to fill the giant void of a post-Phoebe Philo Celine era in our hearts – and he did not disappoint. From long leather shorts and leather dresses, to quilted skirts and the most sought after mesh shoe of the season. Bottega is back. No, this is not because Harry Styles regularly fronts Gucci’s campaigns (although it does help and he is a brand favourite), it’s the anticipation for what atmosphere Alessandro Michele will create this time round. From model’s carrying their own replicated heads in AW 18 to the dark, moody, smoky, pink carpet nightclub vibes of SS 17. Whatever he chooses, I’m always here for the sequins. A ‘forever mood’, as they say, and serving major cult status since the days of a young Amber Valletta fronting their now iconic campaigns. Jil Sander is the ultimate in simplicity, a no-fuss aesthetic that is still powerful, sophisticated, well tailored with a strong silhouette. The Jil Sander woman is very well put together, yet also effortless and incredibly cool. The kind we all want to be. A ‘forever mood’, as they say, and serving major cult status since the days of a young Amber Valletta fronting their now iconic campaigns. Jil Sander is the ultimate in simplicity, a no-fuss aesthetic that is still powerful, sophisticated, well tailored with a strong silhouette. The Jil Sander woman is very well put together, yet also effortless and incredibly cool. The kind we all want to be. If not just for my love of all the fabulous accessories. Marni brings a little quirk and delightful surprise each season, and always matched with a strong attitude. Forever unique, with fun pairings of collage prints, embellishments, colours, fabrications, layering and more. A true art form. Not one for mixing and matching, the Max Mara woman is sleek and refined and wears all her colours in one. Timeless, sophisticated and impeccably tailored. Pieces made for forever. Not one for mixing and matching, the Max Mara woman is sleek and refined and wears all her colours in one. Timeless, sophisticated and impeccably tailored. Pieces made for forever. From top: @bottegaveneta; @gucci; @jilsander; @marni; @maxmara.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Yan Yan Chan From fittings in Dion Lee’s New York studio space, to her favourite pieces in the designer’s SS 20 runway hosted on the rooftop of a Lower East Side school, Yan Yan Chan sends RUSSH her postcards from NYFW. “Final fittings ahead of the show. Although last minute pinnings and styling were made, the team was cool, calm and collected.” “Show pins, R.M.Williams and a mixture of his very own leather shoes.” “Chains custom made by Dion’s close friend.” “Favourite hues to welcome the SS in.” “First fitting. I haven’t worn black in months but there’s something about NYC and Dion Lee that always makes me gravitate towards black and his sexy slouchy approach to a perfectly tailored pant.” “Dela, my main point of contact always has my back no matter how last minute I come into the showroom. We’re constantly playing dress-ups.” “D pins the back of my top with some spare pins he finds on his casting board.” “Ta-da.” “And just when you think you can predict New York, she decides to turn the heat up for no particular reason. Incredible light, but extremely steamy.” “Just the right amount of skin, and in the most perfect of areas.” “Me all summer long.” “Dion’s deconstructed blazer 3.0. 4.0? Not sure, but I love how he updates his signature cut-out blazer every season. The contrast between a classic blazer material with this sheer flowy skirt is such a vibe.” “I’m obsessed with all of the buttery leather Dion has slowly started to inject in his recent collections. You can’t go wrong with this oversized nude tan addition.” “And just when you thought you knew the parameters of foundation application … Foundation art by Erin Parsons from Maybelline.” “Braids for days. For Dion’s latest he decided to show at the rooftop of LES’s local high school. Kind of a dream come true for most of his Aussie attendees who had never set foot in an all American high school. I know I did, and I may or may not have died a little bit when I walked into the school cafeteria. 16 year old me was beaming, and I very much miss getting my hair braided from my Mom.” “Perfect definition of lingerie appropriate attire worn outside.” “I wish I wore this to prom.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ellen Presbury    PHOTOGRAPHY Myles Kalus So we meet again. We spied our pick of new faces, Chai Maximus, after Ports 1961, and reunited with RUSSH muses Isabeli Fontana at House of Holland and Kiki Willems at Victoria Beckham. On the streets of London Fashion Week, photographer Myles Kalus captured the faces most captivating, the ones to watch and the ones we’ll keep in our hearts (and pages) forever. Lara Mullen, Kiki Willems and Julie Hoomans at Victoria Beckham. Maisie Dunlop at Toga. Georgia Palmer at Mark Fast. Edie Campbell at Molly Goddard. Pooja Mor at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Oluwatosin Olajire at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Rebecca Longendyke at Victoria Beckham. Daniela Kocianova at Margaret Howell. Gabriela Rodrigues at Rejina Pyo. Fran Summers and Giselle Norman at Victoria Beckham. Joana Cortes at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Amber Witcomb at House of Holland. Isabeli Fontana at House of Holland. Bente Oort and Emily Goodwin at Ports 1961. Amandine Renard at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Odette Pavlova at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Maggie Maurer at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Olympia Christou at Kiko Kostadinov. Heejung Park at Margaret Howell. Rachel Marx, Chai Maximus, Maike Inga and Cyrielle Lalande at Ports 1961.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ellen Presbury    PHOTOGRAPHY Imaxtree.com SPONSORED CONTENT 1/17   COLLINA STRADA SS20. PHOTOGRAPHY Imaxtree.com.   We weren’t sure it had been long enough for the early 00s fashion of our teenage years to come back into the mainstream. But post New York Fashion Week, we’re thinking we should have held onto our cargo pants a while longer. Whilst we may have styled them after our teen pop icons – with skater shoes and mid-drift, shoestring strapped tops – the SS 20 shows saw cargos reincarnated in soft silks, buttery leathers, pared back in ways that feel firmly in the now. We may have picked it, but cargo pants are now firmly back in fashion’s collective conscious. Philip Lim’s green leather trousers were a pair to take note of. Dion Lee put pockets on dresses as well as pants, as did Jonathan Simkhai. Helmut Lang saw them in an army green incarnation and Tibi and Maryam Nassir Zadeh created perhaps our favourites of the season.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski     See you in London. With New York Fashion Week wrapped for another season and the British showcase underway, Fashion Editor Natalie Petrevski shares the shows that should be on your radar. Fire and fantasy. Ultra-cool and feminine, always with a suggestive undertone (think slogans such as Rubberist, Looner and Would you go to bed with me? embedded on garments). Christopher Kane effortlessly brings to life my love (and his signature) of lace and crystals; not in a girlie way, but with an edge and attitude. Fire and fantasy. Ultra-cool and feminine, always with a suggestive undertone (think slogans such as Rubberist, Looner and Would you go to bed with me? embedded on garments). Christopher Kane effortlessly brings to life my love (and his signature) of lace and crystals; not in a girlie way, but with an edge and attitude. Back on London soil and, no, this is not just because the entire Beckham clan will be sitting front row at the show (although they do make quite the picturesque family). The ever-chic and put together VB always puts on a show that is, well, exactly that. Impeccable tailoring and refined silhouettes along with considered colour-pops and layering. For the sophisticated woman who knows herself. Effortlessly cool and then some. London punk with a masculine edge and tough attitude meets a kind of soft femininity with vintage-inspired elements. Deeply romantic, yet utterly modern … we’re always looking forward to Justin Thornton and Thea Bregazzi’s new creations. Effortlessly cool and then some. London punk with a masculine edge and tough attitude meets a kind of soft femininity with vintage-inspired elements. Deeply romantic, yet utterly modern … we’re always looking forward to Justin Thornton and Thea Bregazzi’s new creations. The king of London Fashion Week and a forever favourite. Cultivating a DIY attitude throughout all of his collections, Jonathan Anderson makes every garment feel like a piece from a greater collage. A variety and mash of colours, textures, patterns, materials, layers and the greatest accessories ever. Art as wearable fashion. Quite the Instagram favourite of late, Rejina Pyo has grown rapidly in popularity despite her fairly recent 2018 runway debut. Unafraid of colour, Pyo creates incredible mismatched, ready-to-wear pieces and highly sought after footwear and bags. A breath of fresh air. Quite the Instagram favourite of late, Rejina Pyo has grown rapidly in popularity despite her fairly recent 2018 runway debut. Unafraid of colour, Pyo creates incredible mismatched, ready-to-wear pieces and highly sought after footwear and bags. A breath of fresh air. From top: @christopherkane; @victoriabeckham; @preenbythorntonbregazzi; @jw_anderson; @reginapyo.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ellen Presbury    PHOTOGRAPHY Imaxtree.com A week full of pop culture throwbacks, cargo pants, artful layers and covetable tailoring. Market and Beauty Director Ellen Presbury rounds up the best of New York Fashion Week SS 20. 3.1 PHILLIP LIM
A lot of designers have stepped up to fill the Phoebe Philo-sized gap after the her departure from Celine. Bottega Veneta, sure, Proenza Schouler also, and at the 3.1 Phillip Lim show nods to seasons past were also noted (perhaps none more so than those AW 17 Celine hooded scarves). His leather pieces – in rich tones and buttery softness – stole the show, as well as his plays on tailoring that caught our eye. COACH 1941
Michael J. Fox, Barbra Streisand and Rob Lowe all took to the runway for Coach 1941’s SS 20 offering – with their faces printed on tanks and tees, that is. As is often the case with Coach it was their outerwear – coats, jackets and trenches – that were some of the strongest pieces of the collection. Back to the future. COLLINA STRADA
Never one to shy away from the problems our society is facing, Collina Strada prefers to put them front and centre. “Thank you very much for helping me” one T-shirt read. A collection made from mostly up-cycled fabrics, tie-dyes, toddlers, animals and fruit all featured on the runway; a different kind of fashion show calling for a different kind of future. CREATURES OF THE WIND
It was all about interesting layering. T-shirts worn over suit jackets, coats on coats and shirts over dresses over skirts over pants. Clothes were big on proportion and all eyes are on those oversized bags. DION LEE
He’s always had a thing for tailoring and sculptural detailing but this season Dion Lee expertly balanced that which he has built his brand on with a softer, wearable collection. Classic pieces with enough detailing that they pull on your heart (and purse) strings. We can’t decide between the women’s or the menswear, so will most likely buy both. Leather harnesses over soft dresses, expertly tailored pants, and bandanna prints made for a wearable, covetable, sexy and androgynous collection. GABRIELA HEARST
Wearability reigned for Hearst’s SS 20 collection. And by wearability we don’t mean basic, we mean the kind of clothes you want to part with your money for. To wear to work, on vacation and whatever your next special occasion. We could really take it all – the coats, the dresses – but perhaps it was the looks that had us dreaming of exotic beach vacations that hooked us the most. HELMUT LANG
In somewhat of a return to 90s minimalism, it was the looks that veered more toward the utilitarian side of the Helmut Lang spectrum that caught our eye. Tailored pants, jackets adorned in pockets and pieces you can work into your everyday. KHAITE
They may have hit the collective mainstream with that bra and cardigan combo, but Khaite have long been a fixture in the wardrobes of the fashion industry. For SS 20 they moved further away from wardrobe ‘basics’ into statement dressing – because don’t we all want a capital L look every once in a while? For us it was the opening white suit, tops buttoned only once and silks draped around the body that had us swooning. MARC JACOBS
Marc Jacobs was the dose of fabulous not often seen on New York’s mostly wearable runways. Colour, volume, sparkle and eccentricity all wove their way into this season’s collection, for a runway that screamed FUN. Models entered all at once and proceed to dance, saunter and strut down the catwalk – all in character. MICHAEL KORS
All our selves, all at once. Whilst Kors spoke of referencing the 40s for this collection – the era his parents immigrated to America – it was the looks that morphed business attire with American prep and weekend casual all into one that made us stop and look most. OSCAR DE LA RENTA
You could say De la Renta is most revered for his gowns, but in true Australian dressing-down style it was the chiffon dresses that could do beach and party, as well as the linen suits perfect for a heat wave summer. PROENZA SCHOULER
 We were hotly anticipating this show. Inspired by their own mothers and the working mums in their studio, you could sense the touch of 80s matriarch and power dressing in this collection. Power suits, dresses that you actually want to wear, trenches that work across seasons and the shoes you’ll be coveting. Note the collaboration with Birkenstock that the models carried down the runway – perhaps we haven’t seen the last of divisive footwear trend just yet. PYER MOSS
For drawing crowds this was the show of the city. Staged at Kings Theatre in Brooklyn, the SS 20 collection was an ode to Sister Rosetta Tharpe and her influence on rock and roll music. Tops trimmed with piano keys, clothes printed with paintings of Tharpe herself. We took most to the menswear – those boots, silks and colours. SIES MARJAN
Can you tell we love a suit? A well tailored pant? Here, Sies Marjan offered both – in pastel colours, loose tailoring and soft drapes, set against a collection comprised of rich reds, blues and greens. Animal prints? All faux – designer Sander Lak instead printing croc and snake effects onto silks and satins. THE ROW
The Row have built a brand on a purposeful, buildable wardrobe. These aren’t pieces that will redefine your look but instead slip seamlessly into your existing wardrobe. They’re at their strongest when elevated pieces meet clever detailing – those oversized pockets and banded waists, for example. Also, socks and sandals. TIBI
Cargo pants seemed to crop up at most New York shows this season, and Tibi perhaps did it best. Slouchy pants sitting low on the hips, oversized suit shorts and enough variations to suit everybody. We’ve also now got our eye on cropped jumpers for that elongated body effect. TOM FORD
Slouchy T-shirts scrunched at the shoulders juxtaposed full satin skirts, and short shorts with suit jackets. Though it was the plastic moulded bustiers (a nod to the designer’s past) that seemed to steal the show. VERA WANG
A chain mail mini over your brother’s polo? A white tank under a black slip? That’s certainly something we could replicate in our wardrobe. Deconstructed pieces and underwear as outerwear – take inspiration. MARYAM NASSIR ZADEH
It was those mini-skirts we’ll be looking to replicate this summer. Also, cargo pants – again. ZIMMERMANN
If any brand is synonymous with Australian summer, it’s Zimmerman. The simpler pieces captured us most – layered tanks, easy-wear skirts and T-shirt dresses in sunset colours.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   Gucci @gucci.   Yesterday in Florence it was announced that Gucci will once again lead fashion’s biggest players in the movement towards sustainable production. In an unprecedented initiative, the Italian heritage maison declared itself 100 per cent carbon neutral, as part of their ongoing #GucciEquilibrium commitment. This involves the offset of all remaining greenhouse gas emissions, not only from internal operations but from the entirety of its supply chain. This announcement comes just weeks following François Henri-Pinault’s initiation of the Fashion Pact and corresponding fashion industry sustainability targets, at the August G7 summit in France. “A new era of corporate accountability is upon us and we need to be diligent in taking all steps to mitigate our impacts,” said Marco Bizzarri, Gucci’s President and CEO. Bizzarri acknowledged that for our climate actions to mean something, they must be more immediate and urgent, with transparency as paramount. This necessary chapter in the company’s 10-year sustainability strategy will be executed through a hierarchy of actions, which Gucci and all businesses in the supply chain will be accountable for. These actions to offset emissions include manufacturing efficiencies, low-impact alternatives and sustainable material sourcing.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   Define a fashion moment. Is it flame-haired Kiki Willems (cover star of our ‘This Must Be The Place’ issue) poolside in plunging black sequins? Anja Rubik leaning nonchalantly in a satin tuxedo and nothing else? Freja Beha Erichsen in white, her signature tousled locks providing respite from an equally monochrome monkey? What about all three, captured by Juergen Teller for Saint Laurent’s AW 19 collection? Under the bright California sun in Los Angeles, Teller frames up Willems, Rubik and Beha Erichsen alongside Vilma Sjoberg, Anna Herrera and Allie in Anthony Vaccarello’s signature Saint Laurent aesthetic – Parisian sophistication meets rock and roll edge. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   Shanina Shaik @shaninamshaik.   Into the wild. Jungle fever hit us hard a few seasons ago and, thanks to some timely updates on the iconic print, appears to be going nowhere fast. Equal parts classic and adventurous, the leopard print has made its way into every facet of our wardrobes, and it seems none of our model muses are immune. While Irina opts for the coat (paired with stockings, platform boots and little else), Shanina channels the 70s in a sheer two-piece with sleek shades and tousled locks. Maya takes it floor length in a formal version of the fabrication, and Francesca’s ruffled top lends a new dimension to the tried and true design. Embrace your animal instincts with our favourite pick from GANNI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Elsa Hosk @hoskelsa; Camille Rowe @fingermonkey.   The stars aligned in Venice this week for the 76th instalment of city’s annual Film Festival, which serves an industry aperitif to the upcoming season of noteworthy cinema. And while Timothée Chalamet in immaculate ivory tailoring and Lily-Rose Depp in blush Chanel chiffons commanded the red carpet, our favourite model muses also cruised into town (via those iconic Venetian canals, no less). Our Paradising cover star Camille Rowe glowed in a tulle Khaite number and statement lip, while Jacquelyn kept it classic in a floor length Jason Wu gown, paired with a slick side part and low bun. Elsa Hosk played up the Italian glamour with black strapless corsets, bared midriff and oversized earrings (for styling inspiration see here), and Candice Swanepoel slipped effortlessly between carpet-ready gold and borrowed-from-the-boys pinstripe, both by Etro. But, of course, there were films. Chalamet and Depp were on site promoting their flick The King, Joaquin Phoenix revelled in an eight-minute standing ovation for his turn as the Batman universe’s Joker, and Australian director Shannon Murphy’s evocative coming-of-age narrative Babyteeth, recieved glowing reviews in just days following its Venice debut, with eyes also following young talent and lead actress Eliza Scanlen. It wouldn’t be an Italian affair without a touch of drama, and this year all eyes were on the selection of female directors. Or, more specifically, the lack thereof. La Biennale di Veneziais is forever remembered for its effervescent Italian spirit, red carpet glamour and arresting cinematic performances, and we can hope that one day it will be celebrated as a festival that challenged its own status quo, celebrating cinematic opportunities for female directorship. In the meantime, we’re booking our cinema tickets to appreciate the art for all its worth.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   Charlee Fraser @charleefraser.   The heat is on. Love it or loathe it, each year Nevada’s Black Rock desert transforms from sand and dust into a fully-fledged city for Burning Man festival. Tens of thousands of eager attendees flock to the ‘crucible of creativity’ for nine days to seek enlightenment, rebel against commodification and, well, party. And while the numerous artistic performances, installations and live music showcases are enough to captivate even the most time-hardened festival-goers, we’d be lying if we didn’t say we weren’t also watching the wardrobes. Encouraged to express themselves in any way they desire, Burning Man costumes have become the stuff of lore. Georgia Fowler made it her own in a full length white bejewelled jumpsuit, while Poppy Delevingne returned in Steampunk goggles, a Calvin Klein crop and a power drill, no less. Former RUSSH cover muse Charlee Fraser stomped the desert in platform combat boots, leather harnesses and chains for days, and Victoria’s Secret favourite Alexina Graham swapped from a robot-inspired full-piece to nothing at all. Embrace the Burning Man spirit in our pick from VETEMENTS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Andréa Tchacos     Blame it on the internet age, or the desire for holistic living: a curated lifestyle is our latest obsession. It was a realisation spurred by the friend who wryly referred to her home as “almost ready for the interiors shoot”. It came with a laugh and a sarcastic eye-roll. But I knew just what she was saying. Having recently moved into a new place myself, I’d spent many hours that might have been better devoted to sleep sifting through Google to find the perfect Scandinavian armchair on consignment, the mid-century coffee table I could already see in my mind. I moved furniture around, visualising the room as it might appear via my phone screen. No matter that the shoot would never come – not even an Instagram one (take story, hesitate, download for later and forget about completely is more my modus operandi). The golden light, perfect alignments and warm minimalism of the spaces flooding my visual referencing platforms had left a kind of mental blueprint: a lived beauty I wanted in my atmosphere. It had been a long time since I’d put this much rumination into my wardrobe.  That was, until I started planning a holiday. Cue saved images of Kate wearing a snorkel and the perfect black bikini, a late 90s Gisele lounging in an oceanside habitat, along with a trawl for the pieces I imagined would allow me to be my ultimate self in new surrounds. 
Our current visual culture goes much further than the selfie.
 We crave depth and breadth; our innate inquisitiveness is such that we want to see behind closed doors. If an internet acquaintance is going on holiday, we expect nothing less than to be taken with them. We absorb with voracity others’ beauty routines, their reading lists, their fruit bowls filled with stone fruit on artfully quaint kitchen tables. In the words of interiors and travel writer Herbert Ypma, “How people live creates in us an almost intuitive and insatiable curiosity.” Such desires are obviously not new. What’s changed, of course, is our ability to curate what people see when they look not through a window, but a screen. Blame the ability to share across hemispheres, the generations of references now available to us at any one time. Blame a want for ‘balance’ – of applying care and curation to every aspect of our lives. But if our drive to consume fashion is down to wanting things we believe will enhance our beings, then surely ‘lifestyle’ is the new fashion. Click to the homepage of any online retail giant and you’ll notice the shift. Ahead of this year’s European summer, Net-A-Porter launched its biggest offering yet on the aptly named Jet-A-Porter holiday shop, while Matchesfashion.com has its own vacation edit, not to mention a curation for the home launched in 2018, featuring mohair blankets by Loewe and cup and saucer sets from Gucci. Boutique retailers such as Alex Eagle and My Chameleon (where you can add, say, a sculptural heel from Rejina Pyo and a sculptural carafe from Maison Balzac to your cart) have made a holistic aesthetic their signature. In a time when we can document every corner, well, we want the image to be aspirational. Needless to say, the same goes for the fashion runways. 
When the phones go up, the greater the visual spectacle, the deeper the impact.
 And an incredible locale is an especial drawcard. Just ask Chanel and its man-made beach for SS 19 or Jacquemus and his lavender fields. Or look to Loewe’s ongoing collaboration with Ibiza stalwart Paula’s – the perfect high season mooring for a Spanish brand that does elevated bohemia like no other. In the here and now (or the where-we’d-rather-be) fashion is all about the experience. With this in mind, the Resort collections that bridge the trans-seasonal gap between Autumn Winter and Spring Summer (typically overshadowed when it comes to runway shows) have potential to become the most talked about of the year for brands that take the notion of vacation dressing literally. For Resort 2020, both Prada and Louis Vuitton decamped to New York – while Chloé went to Shanghai – but it was Christian Dior’s elaborate Resort 20 show in Marrakech that garnered the most attention. Mindful of the potential for cultural missteps, Christian Dior’s artistic director Maria Grazia Chiuri sought guidance from Anne Grosfilley, an anthropologist specialising in African textiles and fashion, collaborated with Ivory Coast-based studio Uniwax to create authentic wax print fabrics and tapped local artisans to provide expertise on woven pieces and set design. Among these fine details were the custom cushions, adorning seats, that guests scrambled for after the show, eager to bring a part of the wonder home. 
Our current visual culture goes much further than the selfie.
 We crave depth and breadth; our innate inquisitiveness is such that we want to see behind closed doors. If an internet acquaintance is going on holiday, we expect nothing less than to be taken with them. We absorb with voracity others’ beauty routines, their reading lists, their fruit bowls filled with stone fruit on artfully quaint kitchen tables. In the words of interiors and travel writer Herbert Ypma, “How people live creates in us an almost intuitive and insatiable curiosity.” Such desires are obviously not new. What’s changed, of course, is our ability to curate what people see when they look not through a window, but a screen. Blame the ability to share across hemispheres, the generations of references now available to us at any one time. Blame a want for ‘balance’ – of applying care and curation to every aspect of our lives. But if our drive to consume fashion is down to wanting things we believe will enhance our beings, then surely ‘lifestyle’ is the new fashion. Click to the homepage of any online retail giant and you’ll notice the shift. Ahead of this year’s European summer, Net-A-Porter launched its biggest offering yet on the aptly named Jet-A-Porter holiday shop, while Matchesfashion.com has its own vacation edit, not to mention a curation for the home launched in 2018, featuring mohair blankets by Loewe and cup and saucer sets from Gucci. Boutique retailers such as Alex Eagle and My Chameleon (where you can add, say, a sculptural heel from Rejina Pyo and a sculptural carafe from Maison Balzac to your cart) have made a holistic aesthetic their signature. In a time when we can document every corner, well, we want the image to be aspirational. Needless to say, the same goes for the fashion runways. 
When the phones go up, the greater the visual spectacle, the deeper the impact.
 And an incredible locale is an especial drawcard. Just ask Chanel and its man-made beach for SS 19 or Jacquemus and his lavender fields. Or look to Loewe’s ongoing collaboration with Ibiza stalwart Paula’s – the perfect high season mooring for a Spanish brand that does elevated bohemia like no other. In the here and now (or the where-we’d-rather-be) fashion is all about the experience. With this in mind, the Resort collections that bridge the trans-seasonal gap between Autumn Winter and Spring Summer (typically overshadowed when it comes to runway shows) have potential to become the most talked about of the year for brands that take the notion of vacation dressing literally. For Resort 2020, both Prada and Louis Vuitton decamped to New York – while Chloé went to Shanghai – but it was Christian Dior’s elaborate Resort 20 show in Marrakech that garnered the most attention. Mindful of the potential for cultural missteps, Christian Dior’s artistic director Maria Grazia Chiuri sought guidance from Anne Grosfilley, an anthropologist specialising in African textiles and fashion, collaborated with Ivory Coast-based studio Uniwax to create authentic wax print fabrics and tapped local artisans to provide expertise on woven pieces and set design. Among these fine details were the custom cushions, adorning seats, that guests scrambled for after the show, eager to bring a part of the wonder home. With inhabitants who spend the majority of the year anticipating summer holidays, if not a trip someplace warmer, wear thongs unironically (long before they flipped back into the fashion zeitgeist), and on mention still conjures the nostalgia of an early 90s Elle Macpherson on a white sand beach (I imagine), Australia seems ideally poised to enjoy the potential of a Resort season. So it checked out when in 2016 Sydney’s Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia made a play to its strengths and aligned with Resort’s international schedule. Among the brands garnering cross-country interest in the wake of this move is Ilona Hamer and Peta Heinsen’s Matteau, the ultimate cool-girl swimwear label that celebrated a further expansion into ready-to-wear with its first show for MBFWA Resort 20. Cue the classically referenced modernity that the brand does so well: minimal lines that don’t forget the earthiness of their prospective surrounds. Floor grazing cotton skirts and airy tailoring that feel so fresh while evoking nostalgia, even if it’s for the summers you wish you’d experienced. It seemed intuitive, given Matteau began with the bikinis its founders couldn’t track down, that it should evolve into the throw-on dresses and two-pieces they wanted to pack. “We had both been to a friend’s beach wedding overseas and wanted a variety of things to wear over the week – to dinners, the ceremony and day-to day to the beach,” explains Hamer of the collection’s genesis. “A lot of this collection came from working out what those pieces would be and how to make the perfect wardrobe for a trip like that – where you can literally just pack a small suitcase of Matteau and be good to go for all kinds of adventures.” For sisters Hamer and Heinsen, growing up to the ebb and flow of an Australian summer has proved a resounding influence. “Having spent so much time by the water in our youth and as adults has been like having an education in beach culture and style,” Hamer tells. 
“That’s the Matteau lifestyle; it’s positive, uplifting, healthy, assertive and confident, all the things you want to feel when you’re somewhere warm and enjoying life.”
 Similarly, in creating their collections, the two imagine their muse’s immersion in the world beyond fashion. “We look at art, furniture, interiors, history,” explains Hamer, “always trying to place our women in and around those things.” In the eyes of Marina Afonina – founder of fellow Australian brand Albus Lumen – the trend toward a holistic personal aesthetic is reflective, too, of a connection with our inner landscapes. “Woman are more aware of the inner self,” she says. “Which leads the way they dress, into their lifestyle and life approach.”  Another brand making waves on a world stage with pieces inspired by – in Afonina’s words – “a way of living; comfort, discovery, travel, state of mind”, Albus Lumen forwent the MBFWA runway for Resort 20. Instead the label celebrated the launch of a new homeware collection christened Albus Lumen Casa. For Afonina, it was anything but a diversion. “Albus Lumen is a lifestyle brand,” she explains. “For us to extend into [the] Casa range was just a natural progression.” Much like Albus Lumen’s serene ready-to-wear offering, the first Casa collection was one of cult favourites waiting to happen. A collaboration with ceramicist Alana Wilson and astrologer Srna Vuckovic, the resulting pieces appear made for the modern woman who wants to express herself not just through her wardrobe, but her home. Designer and consultant Emily Oberg is one of them. A creator in the leisurewear space – perhaps this era’s most pervasive example of fashion’s swing to the lifestyle-friendly – her latest project Sporty & Rich represents a cycle of inspiration between personal adornments and aesthetically pleasing surrounds. The associated clothing range is a collection of nostalgic sport-luxe pieces that Oberg describes (note the internet age concept) as “merch” for her Instagram feed: a visual immersion of lush interiors, 90s magazine spreads, vintage Calvin Klein campaigns and other such odes to fresh beauty. “The whole feed is what I want my life to look like,” she tells.“I used to be obsessed by fashion and clothes but in the last couple of years my sensibilities have changed … Interior design books from the 80s and 90s are my favourite … 
“I’m very affected by the environment that I’m in and my surroundings so having a beautiful home and collecting vintage furniture pieces is much more important to me than buying clothes.”
 And she knows she’s not alone. “I think now we are … following along with this phenomenon where everything has an aesthetic, whereas a few years ago it was less important … Instagram has also made this a thing … People are learning that they can curate every part of their lives …” Of course, outside appearances are only part of the equation. While our interiors, like our clothing, tell a story of who we are – our desire to curate our surrounds goes deeper. If you need a reason to invest in that La Chaise lounge chair, know that there’s scientific evidence to suggest that the human mind finds comfort in curved shapes. And your desire for the room with the big window could be traced back to a need for a ‘duality of prospect and refuge’ hypothesised in environmental psychology. With inhabitants who spend the majority of the year anticipating summer holidays, if not a trip someplace warmer, wear thongs unironically (long before they flipped back into the fashion zeitgeist), and on mention still conjures the nostalgia of an early 90s Elle Macpherson on a white sand beach (I imagine), Australia seems ideally poised to enjoy the potential of a Resort season. So it checked out when in 2016 Sydney’s Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia made a play to its strengths and aligned with Resort’s international schedule. Among the brands garnering cross-country interest in the wake of this move is Ilona Hamer and Peta Heinsen’s Matteau, the ultimate cool-girl swimwear label that celebrated a further expansion into ready-to-wear with its first show for MBFWA Resort 20. Cue the classically referenced modernity that the brand does so well: minimal lines that don’t forget the earthiness of their prospective surrounds. Floor grazing cotton skirts and airy tailoring that feel so fresh while evoking nostalgia, even if it’s for the summers you wish you’d experienced. It seemed intuitive, given Matteau began with the bikinis its founders couldn’t track down, that it should evolve into the throw-on dresses and two-pieces they wanted to pack. “We had both been to a friend’s beach wedding overseas and wanted a variety of things to wear over the week – to dinners, the ceremony and day-to day to the beach,” explains Hamer of the collection’s genesis. “A lot of this collection came from working out what those pieces would be and how to make the perfect wardrobe for a trip like that – where you can literally just pack a small suitcase of Matteau and be good to go for all kinds of adventures.” For sisters Hamer and Heinsen, growing up to the ebb and flow of an Australian summer has proved a resounding influence. “Having spent so much time by the water in our youth and as adults has been like having an education in beach culture and style,” Hamer tells.   
“That’s the Matteau lifestyle; it’s positive, uplifting, healthy, assertive and confident, all the things you want to feel when you’re somewhere warm and enjoying life.”
   Similarly, in creating their collections, the two imagine their muse’s immersion in the world beyond fashion. “We look at art, furniture, interiors, history,” explains Hamer, “always trying to place our women in and around those things.” In the eyes of Marina Afonina – founder of fellow Australian brand Albus Lumen – the trend toward a holistic personal aesthetic is reflective, too, of a connection with our inner landscapes. “Woman are more aware of the inner self,” she says. “Which leads the way they dress, into their lifestyle and life approach.”  Another brand making waves on a world stage with pieces inspired by – in Afonina’s words – “a way of living; comfort, discovery, travel, state of mind”, Albus Lumen forwent the MBFWA runway for Resort 20. Instead the label celebrated the launch of a new homeware collection christened Albus Lumen Casa. For Afonina, it was anything but a diversion. “Albus Lumen is a lifestyle brand,” she explains. “For us to extend into [the] Casa range was just a natural progression.” Much like Albus Lumen’s serene ready-to-wear offering, the first Casa collection was one of cult favourites waiting to happen. A collaboration with ceramicist Alana Wilson and astrologer Srna Vuckovic, the resulting pieces appear made for the modern woman who wants to express herself not just through her wardrobe, but her home. Designer and consultant Emily Oberg is one of them. A creator in the leisurewear space – perhaps this era’s most pervasive example of fashion’s swing to the lifestyle-friendly – her latest project Sporty & Rich represents a cycle of inspiration between personal adornments and aesthetically pleasing surrounds. The associated clothing range is a collection of nostalgic sport-luxe pieces that Oberg describes (note the internet age concept) as “merch” for her Instagram feed: a visual immersion of lush interiors, 90s magazine spreads, vintage Calvin Klein campaigns and other such odes to fresh beauty. “The whole feed is what I want my life to look like,” she tells.“I used to be obsessed by fashion and clothes but in the last couple of years my sensibilities have changed … Interior design books from the 80s and 90s are my favourite … 
“I’m very affected by the environment that I’m in and my surroundings so having a beautiful home and collecting vintage furniture pieces is much more important to me than buying clothes.”
 And she knows she’s not alone. “I think now we are … following along with this phenomenon where everything has an aesthetic, whereas a few years ago it was less important … Instagram has also made this a thing … People are learning that they can curate every part of their lives …” Of course, outside appearances are only part of the equation. While our interiors, like our clothing, tell a story of who we are – our desire to curate our surrounds goes deeper. If you need a reason to invest in that La Chaise lounge chair, know that there’s scientific evidence to suggest that the human mind finds comfort in curved shapes. And your desire for the room with the big window could be traced back to a need for a ‘duality of prospect and refuge’ hypothesised in environmental psychology. Similarly, being amidst the wilderness is associated with lowered levels of stress hormones, and staring at the ocean on a beachside holiday can change the frequency of our brain waves, engaging a mild meditative state. So how to tap into an environmental extension of self while avoiding wasteful consumption, a home more Instagrammable than liveable, or, to quote the writer Chuck Palahniuk, a sofa that ‘owns you’? The first step may be putting the phone down and tapping into your own energy. Knowing the best furniture is vintage. Investing in pieces that will truly make your holiday more effortless. Walking to the beach or catching a train to the mountains. Taking note of the surrounds that make you feel spontaneously at ease, and making them a part of your world. Remembering, you’re always coming home to yourself.   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan One of each please. From petite sized statement leather bags to the 90s inspired hair trend taking over. Fashion Editor Natalie Petrevski shares her RUSSH Loves accessories for the week. The mini micro bag obsession continues to reign, however this is a trend that does not serve well for functionality. For example, where do we fit our ever-expanding mobile phones? As if listening to our prayers, Balenciaga has produced exactly the carrier we need, aptly named the Shopping Phone Holder bag. This mini shoulder bag is adorned with the Balenciaga logo and rendered in smooth, textured leather (available in an assortment of colours and prints). Perfect for your phone, cards and even sunglasses. You only need the essentials. BALENCIAGA bag Bottega is back. With new creative director Daniel Lee in charge, the latest Autumn Winter 19 collection provided a  throwback to BV’s leather heritage, complete with stand out accessories. Top runners include the Mini Trunk bag and Bean Crossbody bag, further fuelling our tiny bag infatuation. The Mini Trunk features a padded leather exterior, metal handle and detachable leather strap, while the Bean Crossbody boasts a half moon closure in gold and silver finish, smooth leather and detachable shoulder strap. Which one first? BOTTEGA VENETA Mini Trunk and Bean Crossbody bags A collection designed to celebrate meaningful relationships and mark the unique stages of life that link two people together. The Liens Évidence series by Chaumet jewellery is our latest obsession, complete with multiple sets of earrings, rings and bracelets. Favourites include the Liens Évidence hardware style bracelets in white and pink gold, finished with diamonds (of course). Together forever? You can bet on it. CHAUMET Liens Évidence in white and pink gold It’s like the 90s never ended. First we were flooded with beaded, crystal and oversized hair clips, and now Reliquia jewellery’s latest offering extends into vintage-inspired headbands. Choices ranging from the Zoe, a classic thick padded style in an assortment of colours and prints in a satin finish, or the Aurora, a plush plaited style with a luxury velvet finish. It’s Clueless all over again. RELIQUIA Aurora headband in green, pink and navy, and Zoe headband in black, blue and brown  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jack Crossing     The conversation surrounding fashion’s sustainability efforts has, for good reason, reached fever pitch, and world leaders are listening. Coupled with the recent G7 summit hosted in Biarritz, France, French President Emmanuel Macron debuted his Fashion Pact in partnership with Francois-Henri Pinault, chair and CEO of Gucci’s parent company, Kering. This comes three months after talks of a ‘coalition’ by Pinault at April’s Copenhagen Fashion Summit. The pact, which has now been joined by a total of 32 companies (and their 150 respective brands) is the latest development towards a united sustainability mission for the fashion industry, which has consistently come under fire for its environmental negligence. Whilst it’s not legally binding, the pact is the most concrete thing we’ve seen so far, with science-based targets being used to set out three areas for commitment: climate, biodiversity and ocean preservation. Making up the 150 brands involved are some of fashion’s heaviest hitters: Gucci, Balenciaga, Prada, Chanel and Hermès (to name a few). It’s still early days, and we’re yet to see how the pact will play out in our wardrobes, so we’re taking a look at what some of the signatory brands are already doing to curb their environmental footprint and turn our focus to recycling. Stella McCartney’s signature on the Kering-led pact show us her loyalties lie to the environment over parent company and Kering competitor, LVMH, who are currently yet to join. McCartney represents the industry’s key sustainability leader with groundbreaking up-cycled designs, such as her recent 2019 collection featuring paperclip earrings, rubber-band necklaces and outerwear made from previous-season’s fabrics. McCartney has consistently donated to organisations such as the Rainforest Alliance, WWF, and is currently working with Google to develop a data analysis tool for the quantification of sustainably sourced fabrics in the industry. Stella McCartney’s signature on the Kering-led pact show us her loyalties lie to the environment over parent company and Kering competitor, LVMH, who are currently yet to join. McCartney represents the industry’s key sustainability leader with groundbreaking up-cycled designs, such as her recent 2019 collection featuring paperclip earrings, rubber-band necklaces and outerwear made from previous-season’s fabrics. McCartney has consistently donated to organisations such as the Rainforest Alliance, WWF, and is currently working with Google to develop a data analysis tool for the quantification of sustainably sourced fabrics in the industry. Prada’s nylon accessories have achieved cult-status since their debut in 1984 and their 2018 revival, but this synthetic fabric has major shortcomings when it comes to sustainability. This year, Prada launched their Re–Nylon initiative to tackle this, and old favourites were given new life in capsule collections. The initiative is accompanied by their partnership with UNESCO, which aims to develop educational resources for students around circular economies and waste reduction. Last year Burberry announced an end to the burning of old products, and soon after, a boycott of real fur products in new collections. Earlier this month, Burberry continued to lead the change, debuting their ECONYL capsule collection as part of their #ReBurberry initiative, to turn focus to up-cycling processes. Garments were made with sustainable nylon yarn from regenerated fishing nets, fabric scraps and industrial plastic. Last year Burberry announced an end to the burning of old products, and soon after, a boycott of real fur products in new collections. Earlier this month, Burberry continued to lead the change, debuting their ECONYL capsule collection as part of their #ReBurberry initiative, to turn focus to up-cycling processes. Garments were made with sustainable nylon yarn from regenerated fishing nets, fabric scraps and industrial plastic. Zara’s sustainable Join Life collection uses up-cycled fabrics to innovate garments and will represent 20 per cent of their offerings by the end of this year. By 2023 they pledge the abolishment of single-use plastics, with 100 per cent sustainable fabric usage and zero landfill waste from facilities by 2025. The #ConverseRenew initiative turned heads this year in representing a new pace for streetwear. Their iconic Chuck Taylor sneaker received a 21st century face-lift, with a new sneaker line made from used plastics and recycled polyester laces. Their success was met with a follow-up line, with Chuck 70s, composed of up-cycled denim jeans, in collaboration with UK vintage retailers. The #ConverseRenew initiative turned heads this year in representing a new pace for streetwear. Their iconic Chuck Taylor sneaker received a 21st century face-lift, with a new sneaker line made from used plastics and recycled polyester laces. Their success was met with a follow-up line, with Chuck 70s, composed of up-cycled denim jeans, in collaboration with UK vintage retailers. From top: @stellamccartney; @prada; @burberry; @zara; @converse.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dappled sunlight hitting grass, paint on canvas applied with no intended pattern, the perfect night where zero plans make the sweetest of memories. Humans are natural seekers of perfection – in our jobs, our relationships, ourselves – yet more often than not it’s those unguarded moments that tend to burn brightest. Flashes when spontaneity trumps consideration, rebellion beats caution, and the ordinary is made precious. It’s a feeling that also shapes Cartier’s design philosophy – the ordinary made extraordinary – and is made tangible through the brand’s iconic Juste un Clou collection, and extension Écrou de Cartier collection. Fine jewellery pieces forged from the likeness of nails that embody the bold attitude of the modern woman – industrial yet exquisite, audacious and sublime. First conceived in the 70s, during a time of immense cultural change and independence, the nail bracelet remains a symbol of freedom. Worn to be lived in. Rendered in yellow, white and rose gold, with accents of diamonds, the Juste un Clou and Écrou de Cartier collections are instantly iconic – subtle enough at first glance, yet on closer inspection their delicacy and detail is revealed.  CARTIER bracelet.  CARTIER bracelet.  CARTIER necklace.  CARTIER earrings.  CARTIER ring.  CARTIER ring.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Tim Ashton It’s in the way you move. Moncler 1952’s AW 19 collection is a masterclass in layering up when the temperature drops south of zero. PHOTOGRAPHY Tim Ashton
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Darya @ Chic Management
HAIR Koh @ Vivien’s Creative using Kevin Murphy
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid using Dior Makeup
DIGITAL OPERATOR Stefan Wellsmore
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Jordan Simpson
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Barnabe White   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Rosie Dalton     Ethical fashion is personal fashion. In a landscape dominated by excess – choice, consumption and waste – it is often by returning to the heart that we can consume more responsibly. And for many stylish women, what the heart wants is original design, quality craftsmanship and a sense of timelessness – the key to unlocking these wardrobe characteristics is, invariably, through vintage. The world of secondhand fashion is steadily on the rise. As Brooklyn-based vintage retailer Hannah Richtman of The Break tells RUSSH in the ‘Soul’ issue: “Textile waste is one of the world’s largest pollutants. And it takes 700 gallons of water, on average, to produce one yard of a raw material.” With this in mind, Richtman argues that “vintage shopping makes sustainable choices accessible and chic”. Many of our style icons live by this message – muses such as LESSE founder Neada Deters, whose wardrobe is filled with vintage, Miranda Kilbey of Say Lou Lou, who often shares her vintage pieces with twin sister Elektra, and stylist and consultant Ilkin Kurt, who celebrates her favourite designers through iconic vintage finds. Meanwhile, Anna Gray has made a business of this with her curated vintage store Object Limited. Here, these four women share the stories behind their pre-loved treasures. “For selfish reasons also, I like the feeling of owning something that no one else has.” Why do you personally love shopping vintage?
Mainly for ethical and philosophical reasons and wanting to limit my participation in consumerism and fast fashion. So many beautiful, magical pieces already exist! Why make more and more and more? I love imagining who wore it before me, the life and history of the piece before it ended up in my closet. What is your favourite vintage item?
This Japanese bolero, black nylon quilted, almost like the lining of an old military jacket but with a Matador jacket shape. I wear it with everything and it never creases or looks dirty. When and where did you find this piece?
About two years ago in a store in L.A. called ReGeneration. I had been in the store for hours, trying on a bunch of dresses and suits. I was about to pay and spotted it last minute, pulled it out and didn’t even try it on; I just knew it was mine. What are some of your favourite vintage shopping spots?
ReGeneration is great. It’s run by a lovely woman who’s super helpful and passionate. There’s always a bunch of 70s Issey Miyake, beautiful turn of the century underdresses and lots of 80s glam dresses and shoes. Designer vintage but reasonably priced. We also go to the Silver Lake market on Saturdays – there’s a bunch of stalls there that always have beautiful offerings like earthy linen, romantic dresses and classic Americana workwear. Found and Vision in London is lovely designer vintage, which is carefully selected and curated – we always walk away with something glam. And Rellik offers one of a kind designer vintage in pristine condition – super colourful, glam and out there. What do you personally love about shopping vintage?
I guess the most pleasurable thing about vintage is the learning process. In general, ‘vintage’ is something from the past of high quality and long-lasting value, especially something representing the best of its kind. So, the first thing you learn is how to pay attention to details. If you are a serious vintage lover and collector, it also means that you know a lot about fashion history … Before the 1970s – when polyester became king – and especially before the early 1950s, clothing was constructed to last. The end game with fashion was quality over quantity, which means that every vintage item comes with a story and has been made incredibly well. I divide vintage into two categories: Designer and Era. Both are a holistic joy. What is your favourite vintage item?
I have a few. I really like this baroque style silk blouse from 1920s England. Handmade tailored lace blouses from my grandma’s 20s and a pair Gianni Versace heels, which is my favourite item of designer vintage ever. When and where did you find this piece?
I purchased the GV Medusa chain heels from a collector in Paris. Apparently after launching Versace Haute Couture in 1989, Gianni V released a small portion of Medusa chain focused accessories to go with the couture pieces. And these heels were part of that collection! What are some of your favourite vintage shopping spots? 
Unfortunately, my favourite ones are all overseas. Sielian’s Vintage in LA, Stella Dallas NYC,  Le Grand Strip, m.a.e in Brooklyn, Pretty Box in Paris, Neila Vintage and Design and La Mode Vintage. “Every stitch, fabric choice, tailoring detail can tell you a lot about the specific era and its financial and cultural environment.” Why do you personally love shopping vintage?
It’s better for our planet and wearing vintage forces one to take a more creative approach to getting dressed! How do you feel it can help reduce planetary impact?
Buying vintage is the most sustainable way to shop … Some of the numbers on what it takes to produce just one pair of jeans are staggering, and it seems nonsensical not to consider vintage. Buying vintage also saves garments from being added to landfill. If you care about our planet, then consider shopping vintage instead of new. What is your favourite vintage item?
A white oversized cotton Kenzo dress from the early- to mid-eighties, with these dreamy puff sleeves. It’s a piece that feels referenced by so many new designers, but nothing quite compares. The quality is incredible, which is true of so many vintage pieces. I also have a vintage patent leather faux croc bag from Courrèges that I will keep forever. When and where did you find this piece?
I found the dress hidden away in a back room of a tiny vintage store in Rome a couple of years ago. The front of the store is all army surplus goods, but the tiny back room had pristine vintage designer goods from the 50s through to the 90s. What are some of your favourite vintage shopping spots? Desert Vintage, Mixed Business, Lucia Zolea, eBay, Etsy, Object Limited. “When you purchase something secondhand, you’re eliminating the carbon, water and energy that would have gone into producing something new.” Why do you personally love shopping vintage?
I do it for the thrill of the hunt! And because I like idiosyncrasy. It’s very rare to meet someone who has the same vintage piece as you (but when you do, it’s even more fun). Years of working in fashion also exposed me to the significant waste generated by fast fashion. How do you feel it can help reduce planetary impact?
Our goal with Object Limited is to make secondhand shopping as accessible, fun and style-satisfying as big box stores. Being vocal about conscious consumerism is important to us – people can make better choices when they’re truly aware of their personal impact on the planet. We all need things. It feels good to treat yourself to new pieces that improve an outfit and personify your individual style, but the impact of new production on the environment is truly horrifying. I read a statistic recently that companies made 100 billion pieces of clothing in 2015. There are only 7 billion people on the planet! Buying secondhand is a form of recycling, and if everyone did it more often, then big companies would ultimately produce less waste. What is your favourite vintage item?
This is a question I get a lot and it’s so hard to answer! It depends on the day – sometimes it’s my silk leopard print button down with shoulder pads and sometimes it’s something outrageous that’s only taken out once in a blue moon, like this hot pink cotton off-the-shoulder gown. Then again, sometimes it’s the antique ring passed down to me from my grandmother. When and where did you find this piece?
The leopard print shirt I found on Etsy, I think. The gown I found while lost in Venice Italy, wandering around trying to find my way back to the hotel gondola. It was in a little shop run by two Italian men, who gave me an Aperol spritz and left me in the store to try everything on. What are some of your favourite vintage shopping spots? 
Well first, of course, is Object Limited, because I believe we have the most beautiful stuff. Other favourites include Edith Machinist in NYC, The Bearded Beagle in LA, O. La Roche, Persephone Vintage, VSP Consignment in Toronto, Na Nin in Richmond, Nude Trump (I know, lol) in Tokyo, Vintalogy in Madrid … I really could go on forever. “Keeping clothing in the ecosystem removes the guilt that often comes with retail therapy.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT We’re always on the hunt for something new and Bode is just what you need to add to the wardrobe. One of a kind pieces, handcrafted from antique fabrics resulting in clothes you’ll want to keep for yourself. While we traditionally head to the whiskey aisle when it comes to Father’s Day gifts, this year we’re in the clear with Suntory’s latest addition to its premium spirits portfolio: Haku Vodka. Distilled in Japan using 100 per cent Japanese white rice and bamboo charcoal filtration, this delicate craft vodka is perfect neat or blended into his favourite cocktail. For something a little different. We’re always on the hunt for something new and Bode has just what you need to add to the wardrobe. One of a kind pieces, handcrafted from antique fabrics, resulting in clothes you’ll want to keep for yourself. Not necessarily something he’d buy for himself – but why should Dad be deprived of the tech wonders we use every day? With a multitude of colours and styles to suit all listening types, queue up his favourite album and let Beats by Dre do the rest. The ultimate cool guy. Homegrown Australian brand Charlton offers a curated selection of premium quality, durable and functional garments. Think simple and sleek casualwear with a luxurious feel. Ranging from boxy T-shirts and shirts, muscle tanks and even corduroy shorts. These are the staple pieces you’ll encourage to be kept on high rotation. Hailing from Los Angeles, jazz tenor saxophonist Kamasi Washington is hosting one performance only at Sydney’s Opera House. Buy the tickets for two and make a night of it. When an artist that’s worked with the likes of Snoop Dog and Kendrick Lamar comes to town and descriptors like ‘visionary’, ‘cosmic’ and ‘transcendent’ are getting thrown around, you know this isn’t one to miss. Samsung’s extensive line of mobile phones and tablets mean you can stay in touch with your favourite guy at all times. Our pick is the Galaxy S10 for it’s wide range of photography features and Power Up charge mode, so he can share his battery with you when yours inevitably drains. Samsung’s extensive line of mobile phones and tablets mean you can stay in touch with your favourite guy at all times. Our pick is the Galaxy S10 for it’s wide range of photography features and Power Up charge mode, so he can share his battery with you when yours inevitably drains. You could get your father the same old scent but why not go the bespoke option? Libertine Parfumerie offers custom fragrances from all over the world – think the oldest European fragrance houses to the newest brands out of L.A. Scent is the ultimate accessory. Bring ease and style to that future great escape. Look to the Voyage 19 collection by Deadly Ponies – a series of sleek, unisex business and travel accessories, ranging from croc leather briefcases, mini backpacks, flip passport sleeves and duffle and rucksack bags with gold hardware. Celebrate the explorer in every dad. Made to measure. There’s nothing quite like a suit that fits just so. Launching in Sydney on September 3-5, and Melbourne’s Chadstone Shopping Precinct September 8-10, Dior Men’s new demi-measure offering lets the man in your life custom design his suit. From fabrication, collars, buttons and embroidery, the choice is his. For the ultimate in timelessness. Saturday Night Live, Anchorman, Portlandia. Fred Armisen’s unique brand of humour is evident in some of your favourite comedy works over the years. Coming to Sydney’s Enmore Theatre for his live show, grab yourself some tickets and let the laughs roll in. Dad jokes no more. From top: @bode; @beatsbydre; @suntoryhakuvodka; @charlton.store; @samsungau; @kamasiwashington; @libertineparfumerie; @deadlyponies; @sordociego; Dior Homme.  The painter, the ballet dancer, the model and the wine maker. For our latest issue of RUSSH men, we quizzed nine guys on our radar about their star signs and signature recipes.   RUSSH Loves: Deadly Ponies’s Voyage 19 collection features the ultimate companion for both work and travel.  In an effort to redefine what it means to be ‘masculine’, luxury men’s fashion destination Mr. Porter launches H.I.M. (Health In Mind) – a global initiative committed to supporting men’s mental health.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Barnabe White     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Duckie Thot and Alton Mason @altonmason; Slick Woods @slickwoods.   Brighter than ever and lighting up the streets – it’s time to channel that 80s trend into a modern glow. From bright citrus to hot pinks, and head-turning fluorescent greens and yellows, our off-duty muses are taking inspiration from the runways – Prada and Balenciaga to name a few – and introducing neon in new ways. Accessories, swim, outerwear – there’s no limit to the magic. It’s neon or nothing. Try on our pick from VETEMENTS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The MTV Video Music awards have produced some iconic moments in contemporary music history. Remember that famously awkward exchange between Courtney Love and Madonna on the red carpet in 1995? Or Britney Spears toting a giant yellow python during her 2001 performance? Kanye West interrupting Taylor Swift’s acceptance speech to declare that “Beyoncé has one of the best videos of all time”? Although this year saw a decidedly less controversial ceremony than usual, there was still much to talk about – namely the actual champions of each category. Here we round up the winners of the 2019 VMAs, hosted at New Jersey’s Prudential Center. Billie Eilish Billie Eilish Normani, Waves [ft. 6LACK] Panic! At the Disco, High Hopes Shawn Mendes / Camila Cabello, Señorita Marc Jacobs Jonas Brothers, Sucker Jonas Brothers, Sucker Lil Nas X, Old Town Road (Remix) [ft. Billy Ray Cyrus] Lil Nas X, Old Town Road (Remix) [ft. Billy Ray Cyrus] Taylor Swift, You Need to Calm Down Taylor Swift, You Need to Calm Down BTS, Boy With Luv [ft. Halsey] Cardi B, Money Ariana Grande and Social House, Boyfriend ROSALÍA / J Balvin, Con Altura [ft. El Guincho] Missy Elliott The Chainsmokers, Call You Mine [ft. Bebe Rexha] Ariana Grande and Social House, Boyfriend  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski     A New York Fashion Week minute. It’s the city that kicks of the fashion month circuit, and with just under two weeks to go, Fashion Editor Natalie Petrevski shares the shows that need to be on your radar. ‘Cool, easy, chic’ – so says 3.1 Phillip Lim’s Instagram bio, and really, need we say more? Lim provides the working woman with super wearable, relaxed and timeless fashion pieces that stay in rotation for more than one season. One of each please. An Australian in New York. Sleek and refined, Dion Lee always presents his shows with impeccable signature tailoring and structure. Notable favourites include deconstructed knitwear, strong corsetry, playful cutouts and crafty layering. I’m also all for his unashamed love of thongs as footwear. For an added quirk and a welcome surprise – Maryam Nassir Zadeh’s shows open your eyes and your wardrobe to the endless possibilities of piecing together items you never thought could work together. From animal prints to random texture, unusual layering and, as always, wonderful diverse casting. A vintage girl for the now. The ultimate cool girl. From shoes to outerwear, Proenza Schouler shows always leave me coveting everything and more. Masculine oversized tailoring, deconstructed silhouettes and artful incorporations of leather, denim, and tie-dye. Not to mention the casting – from icons such as Amber Valletta, to Tasha Tilberg and our own Gemma Ward. Proenza always brings an edge to the modern woman, just like the one I aspire to be. The always bright, fun and much needed colour pop at NYFW. Designer Sander Lak of Sies Marjan showcases a fusion of vast materials, vibrant colour and wonderful texture. From soft pastels to neon brights, leather, lace and silk. It’s a dream show (sometimes with Swarovski crystal runways). From top: @31philliplim; @dionlee; @maryam_nassir_zadeh; @proenzaschouler; @siesmarjan.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Designer and founder of Danish jewellery brand Anni Lu, Helle Vestergaard Poulsen, has collaborated with social entrepreneurs NGUVU to help African mothers support themselves and their families. The collaboration features a collection of necklaces and bracelets, crafted from artisan-made and vintage materials found in the local markets in Nairobi, Kenya, designed by Vestergaard Poulsen and created by five economically disadvantaged women including Abigael, Agnes, Hellen, Judith and Emily who are on the path for a better life for themselves and their children. Each pieces is special and a memorable keepsake. A better life for all. ANNI LU necklace and bracelet.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Set the mood. There’s always time to be the lady in red or the girl in gold, but as for right now? We can’t resist the cool allure of classic monochrome. Photographer Mason Stevenson captures model Santa in the wardrobe of our dreams. Sometimes things really are just black and white. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Hannah Cooper
MODEL Santa @ Kult Australia
HAIR Rory Rice @ Lion Artist Management
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jack Crossing     Riccardo Tisci’s latest vision for Burberry unites the magic of the sea with a memorable British attitude for the brand’s new campaign, Tempest, and feels nothing short of transcendent. In collaboration with directors Danko Steiner and Nick Knight, Tisci showcases the inclusivity of a 21st century Burberry by contrasting a revived elegance with an urban grit. RUSSH receives an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at Steiner’s journey through the new collection, where Irina Shayk and Freja Beha Erichsen embrace the elements of British weather and refined silhouettes. In this exclusive look, we get caught in a moment of nostalgia through a delicate roll of film. Through its throwback vintage feel, we are reminded of Burberry’s historical roots, before realising its modern transformation through new iterations of classic pieces, such as the Thomas Burberry Monogram and the Icon stripe. A delicate feeling is embodied through the collection’s weightless faux fur detailing and silk shirting, which serve as the perfect vessels for its bolder maritime motifs and structured tailoring. This contrast of the structured with the rebellious are Tisci’s key inspirations for a new era, defining ‘England as a country of contrasts’. Steiner’s moment by the sea is one of two presentations in the new campaign series, complemented by Nick Knight’s response that features rebellious models in urban street style pieces. We haven’t quite seen Burberry like this before. Something about Tempest feels more magnificent, more personal. Irina Shayk slipping into the ocean and a feeling of bliss speaks to a unique sense of calm for Burberry as we catch a glimpse of her statement oyster and pearl earrings. The inclusivity of the collection and its mood is realised in the faces and feelings of models Sora Choi and Maxwell Annoh (who makes his Burberry campaign debut), describing the collection as a “game changer” with renewed London energy. The full collection is available now on Burberry.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Billie Iveson    PHOTOGRAPHY Buzz White “What we seek, at the deepest level, is inwardly to resemble, rather than physically to possess, the objects and places that touch us through their beauty.” – Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness The spaces we inhabit provide insight into our internal landscape. We’ve all had the experience of walking into a space that feels so personal, so perfectly a reflection of the inhabitant. I am deeply connected to my home and often find myself in awe of others who can be nomadic and seemingly floating from one space to the next with few possessions. It isn’t about material things, rather that my home grounds me when I return from travel or even a day at work. The placement of a shell just so, admiring an artwork gift from a friend, the scent of incense curling from the living room. It brings me back to myself. In this issue, Miranda Darling explores the idea of curating our spaces and examines how “we take the time to make things beautiful for no other reason than our souls require it”. She also takes our imaginations outside, exploring the importance of the living and ever-growing garden. How does an artist’s space impact their creativity or imbue their work? To what extent does it lend itself to the creative process? Oliver Edwin looks to Donald Judd, the artist whose New York loft was specially curated to inspire, and filled with his own works. The space in which he lived was almost a work of art in itself, perfect in its considered simplicity. I have come to appreciate the importance of home as a feeling, a sentiment that has grown even stronger during my time at this magazine. In my time at RUSSH I’ve lived in its pages and through its values. But with the close of this chapter, this being my final issue, it’s now time that I attempt to become the nomad I am so in awe of. Forever in my heart, farewell for now. Billie Iveson The ‘Habitat’ Issue is available for purchase here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Mara & Mine reveal their latest collaboration with emerging artist Emily Regolini, founder of The Line. Distinctive, striking and minimalistic, Regolini’s designs are the perfect pairing for Mara & Mine’s sleek aesthetic. With your choice of gold or silver embroidery on navy or black satin, the unique set of slippers feel akin to wearable art. MARA & MINE x THE LINE shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT How to spend a day. Emory Ault in motion, captured by David Mandelberg.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Johnny Dufort SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      “In an era of climate crisis, action is more important than ever.” United we stand. With an urgent call for climate change, Stella McCartney unveils her Autumn Winter 19 campaign in a bid to inspire individuals to band together and protect the planet. The campaign features long-time friend of the house, muse and 90s supermodel, Amber Valletta, alongside members of the group Extinction Rebellion (Deya Ward, Ruby Munslow and Tori Tsui) and models Emma Laird, Chloe Pearson and Chu Wong, who all share a passion for positive planetary change. With the breathtaking backdrop of the Welsh coastline, photographer Johnny Dufort captures nature at its finest, fused with the sweet pastel colour palette of Stella McCartney AW 19. Fashion taking action.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Barnabe White    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Victoria Buckley’s Firebird collection, inspired by the mythology of the Phoenix and incorporating ideas of rebirth through vibrantly coloured, rare and soft gems, launches at the brand’s Strand Arcade store, on ground level. The Firebird ring, rich in elegance and high on shine, features an 18ct white gold band and white diamond details, crafted to symbolise the rebirth in you. Delicate yet visually striking, the 1.67ct Morganite stone at the ring’s apex brings a fiery light to this unique piece, intricately rendered using a combination of heritage techniques and new age technologies designed by Buckley herself. To complete the aesthetic there are four double claws latching onto the gem stone, evoking the image of Phoenix talons, further bringing the piece’s inspiration to life.  A talisman for the now, this is a ring that will never fail you – the ultimate complement to an everyday look, icy simplicity with a firey heart.  VICTORIA BUCKLEY ring  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS & PHOTOGRAPHY Chloe Hill     Launched last year, Sunflower menswear is a response to the fast moving world of fashion, forgoing trends for a classic approach to dressing. For their third collection, titled Neon Country, the message was as clear as ever: keep it simple. Jeans, laid-back tailoring, T-shirts and Buttero boots are all you need.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS & PHOTOGRAPHY Chloe Hill     Taking inspiration from Marrakech and New York, Carin Rodebjer’s SS 20 collection speaks to an effortless woman – replete with fluid fabrics, long hem lines and fringing that skims the ground.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS & PHOTOGRAPHY Chloe Hill     Double love. Ganni softened their offering for SS 20, straying towards a more mature line up of hues and classic prints. Creative director Ditte Reffstrup indicated the Ganni girl is growing up, but she’s still as cool as ever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit; Nina Marker @ninamarker.   Tie-dye is back and doesn’t appear to be going anywhere fast. No longer just a memory of the late 60s and 70s (think hippie flower children and the psychedelic trip-out rockers of Woodstock), the DIY print is having a welcomed renaissance both on the runways and off. Constance and Kris take cues from Paco Rabanne’s SS 19 runway Lose Yourself T-shirt, Alanna works a sweeter colour palette and Bambi goes double trouble surfer girl. We’re all about that kaleidoscopic colour. Mellow out in our pick from MARQUES’ALMEDIA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The concept was simple – to help people dress better. That was the ethos behind the launch of P. Johnson’s made-to-measure suiting business, and continues to underpin it’s new women’s offering, P. Johnson Femme. A way for women to build wardrobes tailored to them, the made-to-order two piece suits include single and double breasted blazer selections and multiple trouser options, crafted from luxurious fabrics such as glazed Irish linen, sumptuous brushed Italian cottons, corduroy and cashmere flannel. Fittings are available by appointment at upstairs at Tamsin Johnson’s studio, Paddington NSW, with blazers starting at $895 and trousers at $395.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Only the essentials. The micro-mini bag trend is still well and truly alive – consider it the not-so-statement, statement accessory of the season. From the runways to the streets, this one’s definitely not based on functionality, yet its desirability has skyrocketed globally. Teaching us all to live a more minimal existence and only take what’s necessary, Charles & Keith are responsible for our new favourite version: a mock-croc burgundy mini. Accented with a two tone statement chain to hold between your fingers, this is a perfect pairing for any off-duty ensemble. Keep it simple. CHARLES & KEITH bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Fleur Bult To be alone with you. In the heat of the morning or the last light of the afternoon, Valentine Bouquet finds solitude by the water’s edge. Captured for RUSSH by photographer Fleur Bult. PHOTOGRAPHY Fleur Bult
MODEL Valentine Bouquet @ Ulla Models
FASHION Astrid Schilders
HAIR & MAKEUP Sanne Le Gras-Bleeker using M.A.C Cosmetics & Kevin Murphy  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Looking for something unique? Sydney-based jeweller Marina Antoniou specialises in bespoke fine jewellery pieces, hand-crafted in her Sydney studio with a particular focus on Australian opals, sapphires and diamonds. Crafted specifically for the Rare Earth: Australian Made exhibition in September, these earrings mix Australian South Sea pearls from Cygnet Bay, Western Australia, with locally sourced sapphires set within a cross bar of 18kt yellow gold. Showcasing the beauty to be found in our natural environment, the pieces are a timeless ode to contemporary design. Baby, I’m yours. Promoting innovative and modern design, Courtesy of the Artist, located on level two of Sydney’s iconic Strand Arcade, houses pieces from Australian and international designers (including Marina Antoniou) that push the boundaries of design. In search of your next gift for a loved one (or yourself), a unique piece is here to be found. MARINA ANTONIOU earrings from Courtesy of the Artist  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Olivia Repaci To her shore. On a moody Sydney morning, photographer Olivia Repaci captures Billie Adams by the water’s edge. PHOTOGRAPHY Olivia Repaci
MODEL Billie Adams @ IMG Models
FASHION Amelia Lee
HAIR & MAKEUP Lottie Gerber  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan New member of the My Chameleon family, Aeydē, is the hand-crafted footwear label to know, hailing from Berlin, Germany. Founded by Luisa Krogmann and Constantin Langholz-Baikousis in 2015, each pair of shoes is made in the Mache region of Italy. Understated and uncomplicated, the designs are classic and timeless, ensuring their position as footwear favourites for years to come. The Moa pointed toe flat and Beau square toe flat are two lightweight styles with soft structures for comfortable everyday wear, best paired with classic Levi’s or your favourite midi dress. Each a staple piece for any wardrobe. AEYDĒ Moa and Beau shoes.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Founded only a year ago by Doone Roisin, jewellery label Kincs embodies its Hungarian translation of ‘treasure’ with its latest collection, drawing inspiration from memories of rummaging through your grandmother’s treasure box in search of heirloom jewels and keepsakes. Featuring the Prune Pearl earrings and Twizzle Pearl earrings, with dove grey and white drop natural pearls handmade in Bali, these are heirlooms have and to hold forever. KINCS Prune Pearl Earings and Twizzle Pearl earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan You’re one of my kind. A unique piece for a unique person. Nestled in the iconic Strand Arcade, you’ll find brothers Joe and Raphael’s fine jewellery store, Raphael’s Jewellers. With a boutique on ground level, and a boutique and workshop on level two, you’ll find antique collectables, bespoke creations and timelessly crafted jewellery. Choosing will be your hardest decision – it’s best to be guided by Joe and Raphael’s deep knowledge of the craft. Hand crafted and immaculately designed, our pick is this one carat diamond set on a 45-degree angle, between an 18-carat contoured band and a lat wall band. Aptly named ‘for my eyes only’, this ring is as bold as it is timeless, catching the light like no other. A statement piece to keep for the ages, passed down for generations to come. RAPHAEL JEWELLERS ring  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Stef van der Laan @stefvanderlaan; Nina Marker @ninamarker.   Tartan check and plaid forever. A staple print on endless rotation in our wardrobes, like our favourite pair of denim jeans or the all-encompassing white T-shirt. The traditional print boasts many an iconic fashion moment – from a 90s Alicia Silverstone in Clueless wearing her yellow two-piece high school ensemble, or to Liv Tyler stealing the show dancing in her mini skirt in Empire Records. Our off-duty muses continue to wear the print with pride. RUSSH cover star Jess PW goes bold with bright two-tone pants and boots, Yasmin completes her festival ensemble with a matching bikini and Stef keeps it classic in red. Nowhere beats the heart so kindly as beneath the tartan plaid! Check out our favourite pick from CHARLES JEFFREY LOVERBOY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY David Mandelberg How to spend a day. David Mandelberg captures Emory Ault just the way we feel. PHOTOGRAPHY David Mandelberg @ The Artist Group
FASHION Hannah Cooper
MODEL Emory Ault @ IMG
HAIR Alan White @ M.A.P using R+Co
MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Talentland using Chanel  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   Zara @zara.   In our bid to be more conscious consumers, venturing into a Zara store can leave us feeling not only a little puffed (honestly, where do all those people come from?) but also questioning our commitment to mother earth. Fast fashion and sustainability sit at seemingly opposite ends of the ethical spectrum. Yet, Zara –  the brand that lead the way in fast fashion by building a $20 billion dollar empire on its ability to have yesterday’s runway trends in stores today – is now claiming it’s ready to slow down. After failing to attract a younger, more environmentally conscious demographic, Zara owner Inditex announced that the brand’s new focus would be on sustainability, proof that voting with our wallets really does work. The company, who also owns Stradivarius and Bershka, has set some seriously ambitious targets. By 2020, the brand will commit to zero discharge of hazardous chemicals from its supply chain, and will no longer use fibres from endangered forests. By 2023, 100 per cent of the viscose used by the brand will be sustainable and they will completely eradicate single-use plastics. And before 2025 is out, 100 per cent of the cotton, linen and polyester used by the brand will be sustainable, the brand’s factories will produce zero waste and its’s headquarters, factories and stores will run off 80 per cent renewable energy. There are brands that have been championing the planet for years (think original eco-warrior Stella McCartney, homegrown swimwear label Peony or RUSSH favourite A.BCH), but here’s hoping a move in the right direction from such a powerhouse in the retail industry will encourage other companies to produce with the planet in mind.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel To the ones we couldn’t live without. With whom we can be our purest selves, who keep our secrets as fiercely as we keep theirs. The old guard and the instant soul mates. The wild ones and the calming spirits. The cross-country confidants and the ones we drink coffee with. The family and the may-as-well-be. The people we can rely on. To follow us into dark nights and unfinished philosophies, bad decisions, planes to anywhere and ‘just one more’ glass of wine. In celebration of International Friendship Day, we look to our ‘Stand By Me’ issue muses and friends, Dorit Revelis and Sofia Mechetner.  “Friendship is when you care about someone and want the best from them.” – Sofia “Soul mates are two people who have a special and immediate bond.” – Dorit “First impressions are the thing you remember the most.” – Sofia 
“My friends would describe me as … funny.” – Sofia
 
“Friendship is to always help each other and be there for each other.” – Dorit
 PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODELS Sofia Mechetner and Dorit Revelis @ DNA Models
TALENT Oren Knaan
HAIR Yaniv Zada
MAKEUP Shirley Weiner
PRODUCER Ira Inkerman for Filmotronic Films Israel
STYLIST’S ASSISTANTs Archie Grant, Lydie Harrison and Luiza Cirico  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     And behind my eyes, my daily disguise, everything is turning to white. See model, musician and writer, Alys Hale, at her most vulnerable for Sydney-based jewellery brand, Serpent & The Swan. Captured by photographer and director Mclean Stephenson this is one minute and 17 seconds of pure emotion, dressed up in the most enchanting of jewels. The film opens with a white clawfoot bath inside a bare white studio, heavy silence hangs in the air. A single milky tear escapes Hale’s eye and meets the Serpent Necklace, draped around her neck. Her fingers, clenching the bath’s perimeters, are decorated with rings heavy with symbolism. A Bleeding Heart on the ring finger, Starry Nights on the middle and the Signet Pinky ring too. Sinking into the water, white flowers rest on her body, an Ophelia of our time. Making it out of the water is like walking on broken glass. She barely manages to crawl on the hard concrete floor, yet her movement is rhythmically poetic. Drenched in oversaturated light, she doesn’t make a sound but the percussion-heavy soundtrack beats as quickly as her heart. Beautifully human, ethereally bewitching.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     It’s time to get physical. London based luxury retailer Browns have made their first foray into sportswear, with an active category now available at the online store. The collection, launched with 33 brands, includes an exclusive capsule with cult Polish streetwear label MISBHV. These are the clothes to sweat it out in. Make Adam Selman your new gym partner in the performance driven pieces from his debut activewear collection. Put on his V Neck Sports Romper, venture to the dumbbell section, turn up the music and live out your Let’s Get Physical fantasies. London based activewear designer Charli Cohen has built her practical and covetable collection on a foundation of sustainability. With her fabrics created from 70 per cent recycled ocean plastics, and Cohen donating repurposed stock to mental health charities, just by wearing a bra (our pick is the olive green Contender) you’ll be helping the planet. While Girlfriend Collective, a brand you’ve likely already double tapped on Instagram, provides understated pieces in dreamy hues. The Blue Compression High Rise Legging and matching Paloma Sports bra are the pair choice for stretching it to the limit. These days activewear needs to bend to the necessities of everyday life, and the edit available at Browns is flexible enough to cater to whatever your day holds. From tackling a spin class to tackling that stacked pancake tower at brunch, it’s got you covered. There’s upcoming exclusive collaborations and regular drops of carefully selected items still to come, as well as worldwide shipping and the ability to shop in the Australian dollar. This is collection to keep an eye on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Direct from the Autumn Winter runway, Valentino releases its new collection of Vsling bags. Crafted in vibrant colours of English green, goldfish (orange), bright rose, white and black, the square box bag is accented with brass hardware and the signature Valentino V logo. Inspired by the maison’s archives, the V symbolises the heritage of the Valentino house, which was launched over 50 years ago. We all want to be Valentino girls. VALENTINO bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Daniel Goode Remember the time. Mark the moment with fine jewels and family heirlooms, vintage treasures and rare gems found at The Strand Arcade. Jewellery, fashion and beauty curated from The Strand Arcade. PHOTOGRAPHY Daniel Goode @ The Artist Group
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Bentley Mescall @ IMG
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative
MAKEUP Peter Beard @ The Artist Group
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Benjamin Butcher
GAFFER Finbarr Collins
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Barnabe White  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price With photographer Adrian Price and model Elsa Gelhard, we travel to New Zealand’s Queenstown and Wanaka in search of what we’ve never found elsewhere. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Elsa Gelhard @ Priscillas
HAIR & MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Talentland using Christophe Robin and Chanel A very special thank you to Lake Wanaka Tourism and Destination Queenstown.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     There’s something about Danish brand Ganni that seems to effortlessly mesh with our Australian lifestyle. Whether it’s that playful use of pattern and colour, the mischievous yet wearable play on proportions, or the ultimate mood board that is the brand’s Instagram account – Ganni just gets us. And with husband and wife team behind the brand (creative director Ditte Reffstrup and founder Nicolaj Reffstrup) selecting Australia as its first Asia-Pacific location eligible to receive goods from Ganni’s official store, it seems the feeling is mutual. “The Australian girls have this amazingly laid back, cool attitude, but you can’t really put your finger on what it is. I think there are many synergies with the Copenhagen lifestyle and mind-set. Maybe that’s why the Australian market has been so supportive of Ganni from the very beginning,” says Reffstrup of the brand’s launch in Australia. And as homegrown #GanniGirls will have the entire collection just a few mouse clicks away, we’re expecting this relationship to only get stronger. Through the brand’s official online store, pieces are ready to be expressly shipped – complimentary with order over $350 – to our doors and if a case of buyer’s remorse hits Ganni is offering its Australian customers complimentary returns on all orders. With the entire range available, as well as exclusive collaborations, we’ve got our eyes on a few newly available must-have additions for our wardrobes. Australia still finds itself in the midst of winter, so the Kria Neoshell jacket (from the Ganni x 66 North collaboration) seems like a sensible choice. Perhaps it’s time we got our hands on a pair of the label’s coveted cowboy boots? These High Texas beauties are singing to our tune. Or we could invest in our knitwear collection with a hand-knitted Multicolor Puff pullover crafted by local women in the South of Tuscany. Add to cart.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Vittoria Ceretti @vittoceretti; Gigi Hadid @gigihadid.   Look lookin’ like. Look lookin’ like a king. Look lookin’ like. With a hoodie. No longer relegated to grocery store runs or workout commutes, the hooded jumper has made its way out of our Sunday-only rotation and into our weekly wardrobes. Layer up like Nina in the Big Apple, go with bold colours and an oversized silhouette like Maya, add a little Prada luxury like Freja or coordinate your hoodie to your surroundings à la Vittoria. Whatever you choose, keep it fun and, remember, comfort is key. Channel those relaxation vibes in our pick from BALENCIAGA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah; Stef van der Laan @stefvanderlaan.   Winter is well and truly under way in the southern hemisphere, and while one half of the world is enjoying sipping cocktails by the beach the other is getting rugged up to brave the cold. Our go-to snug accessory? A beanie, of course. From Felicia and Stef’s eye-catching pink to Adwoa and Freya’s cool black, or Joan’s monogrammed take on the trend. Go bold and get cosy. Keep your ears warm in our pick from ACNE STUDIOS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14   Adèle Farine @adelefarine.   Camille starred in our Paradising issue, and Adèle featured in Make History. Chloe makes like a true Parisian in front of the Tour Eiffel and Louise effortlessly embodies that covetable brand of je nais se quois. Here, we celebrate our favourite French faces ahead of Bastille Day on July 14.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Barnabe White     Abstract, modern and unique – this is an accessory that encourages curiosity. The new stone shaped bag from Published By is inspired by modern art and the technology that permeates our everyday lives, with its mirror-like metallic face and 9mm leather rope handles. Inside, the accessory contains a soft flock finish and incomparable Napa leather. An instant talking point, the stone shaped bag questions what makes an accessory functional and aesthetically appealing, and is impossible to ground it to a singular point of view. After all this isn’t just a bag, it’s a piece of art. PUBLISHED BY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     I’m picking up good vibrations. Tigerlily’s Spring 19 campaign, Scintilla, captures those seemingly endless summer days, the free-flowing romance of Santorini and the true essence of the Australian swimwear mainstay. Shot by Creative Director Terence Connors and starring Tigerlily’s latest muse, model Zippora Seven, the film plays as a love letter to hazy summer days, where to-do lists don’t exist and time moves slower. Seven is pictured in the scenes you’ve been dreaming about this winter: think deck chairs by the ocean, endless isolated shores and the white backdrops of Santorini. She’s a girl fuelled by sunlight, good literature and salt water. The soundtrack, provided by Oakland band Sugar Candy Mountain, makes the scene all that more dreamier. As for the clothes, this season Tigerlily has expanded their ready-to-wear offering with wide leg pants, jackets, dresses and two-piece sets, all in relaxed silhouettes and floaty fabrics. The hues are opulent, featuring bright scarlets, fresh mint, shimmering emerald and pops of art deco pink, but the Bohême spirit runs true. The cuts of their iconic swimsuits remain classic, perfect for dipping in and out of the ocean. Tigerlily’s commitment to sustainability holds strong with this collection, with pieces crafted from sustainable materials and manufactured in an environmentally friendly production process. These are the pieces to add to your cart for that mid-winter escape you’ve got planned. Take off – we’ll meet you there.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Barnabe White    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Step into the past and create your own story with these timeless heritage-style forged jewellery pieces.  Crafted by Hass Murad, Dear Letterman’s Zain gold plated pendant is versatile and understated, not only worn as a necklace but also as a belt or a loose bracelet for endless possibilities. A detailed gold talisman to be worn like a prized trophy. Best worn in tandem with the gold plated Kareem earrings – design to embody ancient coin making techniques and inspired by the the movement and exploration of history’s great travellers. DEAR LETTERMAN necklace and earrings   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     “Where does the rainbow end, in your soul or on the horizon?” –  Pablo Neruda If we looked inside of Sander Lak, founder and designer of Sies Marjan, we’d likely find colour running through his veins. His creations are conjured using clever cuts of luxurious fabrics dyed in the most vibrant of hues. Wearing his pieces might be the closest you could get to living inside a James Turrell installation – and we’d bet they have the same mood enhancing qualities. At Net-A-Porter’s recent bi-annual trend presentation, we sat down with Lak and he told us about being a man without a muse, a citizen of the world in the truest sense, and having his ardent blue eyes fixed firmly on his brand’s future. When starting Sies Marjan, the emerging designer didn’t have a calculated business plan. Rather it began in a moment when everything just felt right. “It was very unplanned,” he said. “But it was kind of something that I’ve always wanted to do. I went into my masters thinking I’d start my own label, this was back in 2006 … I ended up working for a lot of different companies for eight or nine years. All of a sudden something felt like it had to change again. I happened to be in New York, and it was sort of like a crossroads moment. And then I just jumped on board and said let’s do it …” The brand may be New York native, but for Lak himself, the journey began far from the Big Apple. “I’m Dutch originally,” he told us. “I was born in Brunei, lived in Malaysia, Africa, Scotland. But my teenage years were in Holland and then I went to St Martins in London. Then my first job was in New York, and second job in Paris, I then went to Belgium and then back to New York. So that’s it in a nutshell.” As for the muse behind the brand, there isn’t one. “Now the world has opened up, this idea of a person embodying a brand doesn’t fit the times anymore,” he said. The term muse is not one that fits within the aesthetic of the brand, instead he thinks in terms of “a mentality or a free spirited person, it’s not even a man or a woman – it’s a person that can embody Sies Marjan but it’s not a person who represents it. That’s what is quite hard about castings or campaigns. It’s hard to limit it to one type of person. When you look at our casting in our show, without being forceful, it’s about a very diverse cast of people because it’s the idea of mentality to be this person, or a want to be this person.” Browsing his collection on Net-A-Porter, which he calls “an amazing partnership”, Lak’s enthusiasm for colour becomes apparent. The Peyton Top is a prime example. A turtle neck, perfect for embracing tie-dye’s current resurgence, made from a stretchy satin in vibrant rainbow hues and finished with daubs of iridescent glitter – it might not be for the wallflower but it’s sure to improve your mood (and everyone else’s you meet while wearing it). The house has recently launched their first full Men’s collection, and over at to Mr. Porter the colours shine just as bright. The Bas Sweater is one of our favourites, an oversized boucle rollneck made from a luxurious blend of mohair and wool, pushed to the brightest shade of blue. Gift it to somebody special, or keep it for yourself, it’s just that good. Although for Lak, a modern renaissance man, the clothes are just the beginning. “There is so many things we could do with the DNA of Sies Marjan,” he muses. “I think there’s something there where we build up the foundation with womenswear, and now with menswear which is growing a lot and then the shoes – we are going into all these different categories. It’s nice to go beyond clothes. I always dreamed of having a bookshop. It would be great to do a curation of books, furniture and wallpaper. I really love this idea of Sies Marjan becoming a brand that is about a lifestyle, even if you just sell clothes, it’s about a lifestyle too, but to extend to all those categories would be amazing.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Your scent is as signature as the clothes you wear and the company you keep – it’s your memory and your marker. Kilian’s Le Rouge collection of lipsticks matches your favourite scent to your signature red lip and we haven’t been able to move on since. In a satin or matte finish you can find what suits you most. For us? We went all in for the Intoxicating Rouge – a deep blood red made to make a statement. For inspiration look to the screen sirens of the past or the pop provocateurs of today. What’s your signature? BY KILIAN Le Rouge Parfum Matte lipstick in Intoxicating Rouge  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Barnabe White    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Britain has a long history of youthful rebellion and counterculture: from the flapper fever that gripped the 20s, troublemaking rocker Teddy boys of the 50s, free-loving 60s hippies and leather-clad 80s punks and the New Romantics’ dramatic wardrobes. The country’s wild streak has run forcefully throughout the nation for centuries and given rise to some of the world’s most celebrated films, music, artworks and fashion movements. Mulberry’s new mini bag, the Keeley bag, embodies this spirit through its printed nylon and gold hardware – complete with a wrap chain and slouchy leather strap. Versatile, bold, utilitarian – stay true to the rebel in you. MULBERRY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Dua Lipa @dualipa; Stefanie Giesinger @stefaniegiesinger.
   Swap out the pistol boots and put on your wellies. Coachella might have the better weather, but Glastonbury’s got that heart and soul. There’s no need for make-up (the rain will wash it away anyway), but that doesn’t mean your outfit should be any less chic – if anything, our favourite festival goers prove Glastonbury is the time to up the ante. In lace dresses, cowboy hats and trench coats, these are our favourite looks from the summer festival. The original it-girl and fashion designer Alexa Chung, (who has recently launched her own festival-focused fashion line), proved comfort is key in a breezy white dress and light-weight trench coat. Dua Lipa turned the festival into her own private runway, pulling out look after look during the four day event. Sisters Suki and Immy Waterhouse both donned leather jackets – Immy opting for red vinyl, Suki with a leopard trim. London-based photographer and style muse Jessie Bush brought Australia’s signature style to Somerset’s muddy grounds, demonstrating a play on texture and pattern is key to adding interest to a minimal outfit. And RUSSH favourite Camille Charriere packed her finest in the form of a maxi glitter skirt, before opting for the practical choice of denim and hiking boots once she reached the festival’s grounds.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     “I feel everything I do for the first and last time.” How do you best honour a man that wanted nothing to do with his own past, a man who lived for the moment and was obsessed with looking forward? Well, if you’re Robert Carson, the artistic director and set designer who organised Karl Forever, the only answer is to put on a show that will make him last forever. When Karl Lagerfeld tragically passed away in February at the age of 85, he forced an industry to collectively stand still in the wave of grief. In late June, when over 500 guests – including Anna Wintour, Claudia Schiffer, Baz Lurhmann and Valentino Garavani – descended upon Paris, the industry again paused, coming together to celebrate the life of an icon. As suitably fashionable guests arrived at the Grand Palais (a fitting locale as Lagerfeld’s preferred stage to host his industry-defining Chanel show) the designer was perched high on three giant screens strung across the Palais. Tilda Swinton, dazzling in golden boots and sashing in her buttery cream coat, started the celebration with a literary reading. Cara Delevingne followed with a poem by Colette, Lagerfeld’s favourite poet. It was in honour of the designer’s now famed devotion to his Birman, Choupette, and there was not a dry eye in the room. The Chinese concert pianist, Lang Lang, performed on the grand piano designed by Karl himself back in 2003. Claudia Schiffer and Vanessa Paradis spoke of the designer’s remarkable knack for seeking out and nurturing new talent. The last performance of the night belonged to Pharrell, one of Lagerfeld’s favourite living musicians. He got everyone on their feet, dancing and throwing up peace signs (even the Princess of Hanover), concluding the night with his proclamation of love to Karl. The house of Chanel have just released a highlights video from the celebration. Press play, this time only once, Karl wouldn’t want you to linger.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     “Do you think in a relationship one is always chasing the other, somehow?” This is the question posed to The Clementines halfway through Gucci’s new short film, set to be the first in this year’s series of The Performers. The five-part series explores the inspiration and driving motivations behind creatives with cultural significance. In Act 1 we pay a visit to married musicians Florence and Benjamin Clementine’s dreamy Californian home, where they live together with their one-year-old son, Julian Juniper, born on Christmas Day. The film spotlights the beautiful and, at times, fragile relationship of a creative couple operating in the same field. Capturing a day in their bohemian lives, we see how the Clementines have chosen to press pause on their individual creative pursuits in an attempt to pursue a combined musical endeavour in their isolated home. When romance, parenthood, life and work all happen under the one roof, where does one end and another begin? Or is it better when the boundaries blur? The film is not an attempt to answer any questions, rather it invites us into a world covered by a romantic haze, where time seems to bend and Gucci is worn to tend to the garden. We glimpse a couple deeply in love, living in a home built on self-expression and mutual adoration. And what’s not to adore? Benjamin Clementine, discovered as a homeless street artist living in Paris, is a poet, actor and musician. He won the prestigious Mercury Award for his debut album At Least for Now in 2015. Before the pair were wed, Florence Clementine, performed under the moniker Flo Morrissey. She released her debut album, Tomorrow Will Be Beautiful, and international critical acclaim ensured. Together, they’re music’s latest powerhouse couple. A modern Jane and Serge, a new Sonny and Cher. A tender love to last the ages.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Shanina Shaik @shaninamshaik; Alisha Nesvat @alishanesvat.   The python print is back and ready to play, and our off-duty muses have all the right bases covered. We look to Maya’s all or nothing approach, or Faretta who tops it off with matching socks – a nice touch. Alisha’s bright eyed with a pop of python colour and Shanina goes subtle with a hint of swim. Whatever you choose, don’t be afraid of the snake. Try on our pick from GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Iconic Australian label Zimmermann launches its latest foray into the eyewear field. True to its laid back, nostalgic aesthetic, the collection reflects a 70s ideal feminine glamour via a 13-piece range, with four key designs in distinct colourways. A new must-have, the Verona sunglasses in tortoise shell and burgundy are a favourite of the collection. A sleek new update on the traditional cat-eye, the Verona boasts sharp graphic edges complete with contrasting shaded lenses. Strike a pose. ZIMMERMANN sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Anna Cornelia @annasarlvit; Leia Sfez @leiasfez.   One for each day of the week. The miniature bag has been an off-duty statement on high rotation as of late, however the beloved mini has been updated with a new beaded twist. Make like Sabina and don all the colours of the rainbow, copy Camille and keep things monochrome, or add a little substance à la Anna and extend your collection to include printed numbers. A sure fire way to spruce up any weekend ensemble. Complete your outfit in our pick from SHRIMPS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Not your ordinary. Cult favourite Aussie brand Dinosaur Designs have emerged with a new creation – a handcrafted collection of bags, titled Riverstone. Inspired by the smooth, rocky formations found on riverbeds, the collection boasts a range of resin handbags in a deep palette of burgundy, pale minerals and forest green. Featuring adjustable straps and sculptural silhouettes – this is your new art partner. DINOSAUR DESIGNS bag in Riverstone and Burgundy  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   Mara Hoffman @marahoffman.   Waste not, want not. Being the second most polluting industry is fashion’s worst-kept (and dirtiest) secret. So as more and more consumers seek out products that don’t cost the earth, Net-A-Porter have provided the perfect way to shop for the planet: Net Sustain is the luxury e-retailer’s platform dedicated to featuring brands driven by the desire to make fashion more sustainable. Here, we break down everything you need to know about your soon-to-be favourite online shopping destination. Net Sustain features 26 brands and over 500 products, with new drops scheduled throughout the season. Each item must meet at least one of Net-A-Porter’s five categories of sustainability: locally made, crafted in accordance with fair trade principles, designed to reduce waste, made from considered materials or constructed in line with considered processes. Search results can be narrowed by each of these benchmarks, and badging of products according to which sustainability category they belong makes for an easy shopping experience. Brands to know from the platform include New Zealand-based designer Maggie Marylin, and RUSSH favourite Mother of Pearl. Pick up dreamy floral swimsuits from local label Peony, or purchase perfectly tailored wardrobe essentials from fellow Australian brand Bassike. Of course sustainability trailblazer Stella McCartney has her designs featured in this edit, while social media darling Nagnata is offering retro-sportswear almost too good to work out in. With some of the most buzzed brands and industry icons included, it seems the fashion industry is beginning to prioritise our planet. A win for our wardrobes and mother earth.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Christopher Collie Sun on the face, sand underfoot. In the heat of tropics, photographer Christopher Collie captures the innate beauty of Sasha Kichigina. PHOTOGRAPHY Christopher Collie
FASHION Sheyna Imm
MODEL Sasha Kichigina
HAIR Candice Kelly
MAKEUP Andrew Colvin
  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Live from Paris. Your front row seat to Kim Jones’ Dior Men 2020 runway collection at RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT In a time where online continues to reign as retail king, the opening of a new brick and mortar outpost can feel almost revelatory. Especially when it belongs to a maison as revered as Saint Laurent. The brand’s Rive Droite concept store on Paris’ rue Saint Honoré, opened to the public June 8, was conceived by creative director Anthony Vaccarello as a space for expression, exchange and lifestyle. A nod to the brand’s ready-to-wear line Rive Gauche, the multipurpose destination serves as a tangible glimpse into the Saint Laurent universe as both a retail store stocking exclusive and limited edition pieces, vintage and archival, music, photography and literature, as well as a platform for artistic performances, exhibitions, events and cultural exchanges. Saint Laurent Rive Droite is now open, and located at 213, rue Saint Honoré 75001 Paris. xxx  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT This is a land of quiet mystery. Where the lakes stay achingly still and mountains stretch beyond the horizon. We travel to New Zealand’s Queenstown and Wanaka to capture model Elsa Gelhard for the ‘Soul’ issue. Take us higher.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     Summer days are taking a sustainable turn with Peony’s capsule collection, available exclusively at Net-A-Porter. The campaign, hosted at Hotel Les Roches Rouges on the heavenly shores of the French Riviera, stars Camille Charriere. The half-English, half-French fashion insider provides the ultimate summer holiday inspiration in fully recycled and sustainable suits from the Australian label. Made from Econyl – 100 per cent regenerated yarn made from abandoned ocean fabric – the suits will come delivered to your door wrapped in compostable and biodegradable materials, a Peony standard for any purchase. Designed in classic shapes covered with dreamy floral motifs and picture-perfect polka-dots, this collection is a win for our sartorial selves and mother earth. Here, Charriere shares behind the scenes postcards from the campaign shoot. Dive deep into your newest summer holiday essential.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Barnabe White    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Your disco needs you. Paco Rabanne celebrates 50 years of its 1969 bag with a re-release of the iconic carrier. Crafted from tiny metallic latticework with and a dainty adjustable silver chain, the 1969 is large enough to fit your essentials (phone, lipstick, sunglasses if you need to move incognito) but small enough to not feel cumbersome should the rhythm demand some dancing. The label’s design of hand-linked metal pastilles infuses its long-established traditional craftsmanship with a modern touch – if Studio 54 existed now, this would be your plus one. PACO RABANNE bag in bi-colour and black  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Alys Hale     “Every girl I know has got some soul wrapped around her finger like a twenty dollar ring” – The dBs. Although the soul is one of the hardest things to define, it seems to be that, with music, we can instantly recognise it when we hear it. Whether it be in the timbre of a singer’s voice, the content of their lyrics, the surging swell of their arrangements or the most simple melody: the soul can be heard. You catch souls on fire from Spiritualised, and hear Isaak’s soul as he covers The Yardbirds’ Heart Full of Soul. Callahan’s soul is served with poignant, blunt, romanticism, songs that soothe as we ride on the feeling. The genre of soul itself, perhaps, provides the rawest and hard hitting expressions of our inner most beings. Be it Wilson Pickett converting the Beatles’ Hey Jude and turning it into something that reflects his own version of soul, or Nina’s iconic voice breaking down and letting it out, it speaks to our core. It is the sound of all that’s left when everything else has gone.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter      SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   Jeanne Damas @jeannedamas.    Part French girl, part 90s femme fatale, the cardigan is back and looks a little different than we remember. With a flash of skin, hint of décolletage and a touch of midriff (if desired), the cardigan stands on its own – the going-out top for the modern woman. The perfect transitional piece, just enough to stay warm in a breeze. Half-buttoned and shrunken like Devon, extra-long sleeved like Sabina, or chunky and knit like Jeanne – the cardigan does the trick in all its forms. The unexpected essential for your trans-seasonal wardrobe. This button-down from BASERANGE is our current go-to.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Be bold. Be bright. Be beautiful.” As far as general life advice goes, those are some words we can live by. Throw in Gucci’s recently launched debut beauty line (Gucci Beauty) and we’re all ears. Alessandro Michele releases the brand’s first cosmetics collection with a suitably surreal campaign film directed by Sean Vegezzi. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Put on your red shoes and dance the blues. Take home your own RUSSH x Nathan Smith Fuck Fashion, Let’s Dance tee. Designed in Sydney by Nathan Smith and crafted out of 100 per cent cotton, the unisex t-shirts are available for a limited time – get yours now here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Golden light, extreme heat, fast cars and slow traffic. It was a whirlwind trip to the bright and colourful streets of Bangkok with Louis Vuitton for our ‘Soul’ issue, capturing model Emily Baker. Electric feel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Billie Bull    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan See better days. The new silhouettes from Le Specs are like visions from the past – best paired with a slip dress or power suit, just like our 90s icons, these frames are the ones to make a statement. Embrace Le Specs’ streamlined silhouettes with The Coupe in metallic purple – inspired by the chrome details from a 50s Coupe DeVille Cadillac – or go for gold with the bold lines of The Luxx, fitted with triangular side-lenses and speed stripe detailing. Keep those daring eyes behind tinted shades this season, and look to the future with Le Specs. LE SPECS sunglasses in The Luxx Gold and The Coup Metallic Purple  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes The beauty’s in the details. New Zealand-based jewellery designer Jasmin Sparrow ventures to Australian shores to shoot her latest collection, Mermaid. Captured by photographer Kelly Geddes alongside Jasmin Sparrow core pieces, the Mermaid collection is an ode to experiencing life’s motions with acceptance and awareness, featuring beautiful organic pearls, black onyx and smoky quartz stones. Mermaid launches alongside the release of Sentiments: a new online space that promotes longevity in jewellery pieces, encouraging people to consider material, care and storage of their pieces via sophisticated storytelling, focusing on Jasmin Sparrow’s muses and their prized possessions. For now and forever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   Marc Jacobs @themarcjacobs.   We can’t think of a designer who has earned a capital ‘THE’ more than the omni-present figure that is Marc Jacobs. With a career spanning over 30 years, a baby-faced Jacobs sparked a fresh fashion energy with his first collection in in the mid-80s, and his 2000-era collections for Louis Vuitton have become the stuff of fashion legend. Jacobs’ penchant for self-titling his lines is emblematic of the unabashed level of self-confidence we should all aspire to have – Marc Jacobs, Marc by Marc Jacobs, etc – and now he reintroduces himself with the launch of his new label, THE Marc Jacobs. THE Marc Jacobs ready-to-wear line includes clothing, bags, shoes and jewellery, with a dash of specialty items included for good measure. The label has been designed to complement the house’s main runway collection, but differs from the main collection in that it won’t be designed by looks, rather focusing on designing piece by piece. Each individually thought out item begins with a ‘the’. There’s ‘The Tuxedo Pant’, ‘The Left and Right Tights’ and ‘The Victorian Blouse’. Jacobs’ hope is that this new line will inspire people to style his items in their own way, rather than purchasing head-to-toe looks. The collection is heavily influenced by archival pieces from Jacobs’ long history, but imbued with current day pop culture, music and art references to bring it into the modern era. The unexpected nature of the line continues with its varied collaborations: Jacobs has teamed up with everybody from Sofia Coppola to Snoopy and New York Magazine. Right now you can shop current items on Marc Jacobs website, and with this new label coming in at a much lower price point than the main line, guilt-free cart adding awaits your fingertips.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Billie Iveson     Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot. In your soul are intuitively precious things that cannot be taken from you.” – Oscar Wilde The idea of the soul has long fascinated me. How do we think and talk about that which we cannot see or quantify? Are we more than our physical body and what do we mean when we talk about our soul’s purpose? I first became intrigued by these questions after discovering Vedic meditation. Starting the practice as a way to process stress, I have since found it to be a way to tap into higher consciousness and spirituality. While this might sound rather lofty, spending 20 minutes a day doing nothing but being is reason enough to pursue it. At RUSSH we’ve never shied away from going a little deeper. While we don’t claim to hold all the answers to the questions, we certainly aim to spark the imagination along the way. In this issue, we tackle the idea of soul mates: so prevalent in pop culture but do they exist in real life? Victoria Pearson looks into this rarefied relationship – perhaps the person best suited to penning this article due to her experience as a civil marriage celebrant. And, when confronting the realms of the soul, death is an inevitable part of the puzzle. We explore how our own mortality can help us live more honestly. As Anna Harrison writes in Life After Life, many cultures see death as part of the rhythm of living. The Kingdom of Bhutan boasts the highest happiness index in the Asia Pacific, perhaps due in part to this philosophy. Such worldviews offer alternative perspectives on the notion of fulfilment. Spiritual teacher Gary Zukav, who has brought the notion to a wide audience, sums up the concept of the soul so succinctly: “You experience your soul each time you sense yourself as more than a mind and body, your life as meaningful, or you feel that you have gifts to give and you long to give them.” The Soul Issue is available for purchase here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Billie Bull    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan “My goal with this bag was to try and create a new classic …” – Maria Grazia Chiuri The perfect handbag can, at times, seem illusive. It has to be large enough to fit the essentials but small enough to feel unobtrusive. Classic for versatility, but with enough character to hold its own. Christian Dior’s latest carrier, the 30 Montaigne Dior Oblique bag, might be the answer we’ve been waiting for. Named in reference to the brand’s iconic address and crafted from the Dior’s personalised oblique canvas, the 30 Montaigne features leather details and a hand-sculpted logo and gold-toned clasp, for a luxury piece that’s easy to carry and even easier on the eyes. In the style of Dior, it’s all about freedom. Wear it or hold it with the adjustable strap, designed to evolve with your style. A mid-sized handbag that holds a lot of class. C’est tout. CHRISTIAN DIOR bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Roberta Pecoraro @robertapecoraro; Shanina Shaik @shaninamshaik.   Rediscover movement. Zipped up or tied at the waist, nipped in or appropriately oversized, the boiler suit is back and it’s never looked so good. The ultimate embodiment of comfort and functionality, the boiler suit is no longer restricted to workshop walls. For the primary take make like Camille and Farah in true reds and royal blues, or keep it classic like Shanina and Roberta. From the comfort of home to the city streets, our model muses embrace the boiler. So, what are you waiting for? Relax in our pick from ACNE STUDIOS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   From left: @rodarte; Winnie Harlow @winnieharlow.   June is synonymous with the CFDA Fashion Awards – held at the Brooklyn Museum for the second year running, it’s one of the biggest in the fashion calendar. Here, we round up our favourite pink carpet moments. Designer and filmmaker Tom Ford worked the room as this year’s Chair, following in the footsteps of fellow industry heavyweight Diane von Furstenberg. Fresh off a memorable red carpet appearance at the Met Gala with Lady Gaga, Brandon Maxwell took home the coveted Womenswear Designer of the Year award. Rick Owens was awarded the other top honour of Menswear Designer of the Year, while Jennifer Lopez was honoured with the prestigious CFDA Fashion Icon award (we do kind of wish she’d had resurrected her iconic Versace Grammy’s dress to mark the occasion). The pink carpet, as always, was owned by our model muses. Lily Nova’s ethereal curls were straight out of an Emily Dickinson novel, Bella Hadid had a major moment in a plunging neckline, Winnie Harlow made the case for a blunt bob while Brooke Shields gave us relaxed 70s glam, like only a true icon could.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan After four years appearing at Milan’s Salone del Mobile, Loewe presents its fifth (and most ambitious) project, Loewe’s Baskets. The brand approached 10 prominent international artisans to interpret the theme of basketry, hand quilting and calligraphy, and work in a new medium of leather, with each producing a series of exclusive objects for the exhibition. In addition, Loewe has commissioned leading Spanish artisans to create a collection of bags, accessories and home decorations to accompany the exhibition and be made available for purchase from Loewe stores. Weave on in. LOEWE bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Say it loud. Shanghai’s creative energy meets the bold attitude of New York for Coach’s newest take on the Riley Top Handle bag. In collaboration with designer and typography artist Guang Yu, the archival designs take on new identities with Yu’s graphic representation of the brand’s beloved mascot, Rexy. The perfect size for your everyday necessities – including, of course, your Coach X Guang Yu card holder – change it up from day to day with a detachable strap, because we know you’ll want this one ‘ til the very end. With a graffiti design paired with Coach’s signature canvas and refined leather, classic meets contemporary this season, and boy, don’t we love it. COACH Bags  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     Alicia Vikander, Léa Seydoux, Samara Weaving, Ruth Negga – just a few of the names that feature in the star-studded campaign for Louis Vuitton’s Pre-Fall collection. The most influential women you can fit into a 35-second clip, the campaign celebrates unique expressions of femininity as interpreted by the individual. In the words of artistic director Nicolas Ghesquière, “These women embrace the various personalities that embody fashion at Louis Vuitton. Be they stars or new faces, all of them share the same willpower and confidence in their choices, and at the same time, they reflect the eclecticism of the female identity”. Each muse brings her own attitude and aesthetic to the collection, with a subtle glance or a sullen smile instantly transforming the look into her own. Hints of classic Louis Vuitton prints and design are effortlessly interwoven into the woman’s own sensibility, revealing how truly versatile the collection is. Pieces for the modern woman, one that takes on the city during the week but escapes to nature on the weekend. A collection of seeming contradictions – think strong tailored lines paired with oversized jumpers and white floral blouses to match – Louis Vuitton masters the art of clashing prints to create an eclectically bold ensemble. Add an iconic bag into the mix, and it’s safe to say we’re ready to express ourselves à la Louis Vuitton.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Gigi Ringel @gigiringel; Rosie Huntington-Whiteley @rosiehw.   A little transparency never hurt anybody – our off-duty muses know this better than anyone. Adwoa’s got a thing for contrast, with a blush pink overlay and solid black bra, Andreea gives us a touch of lace with her black on black maxi dress and Poppy goes full holiday mode in Europe with her see-through dress over bikini bottoms. Whatever your take, don’t be shy with sheer. Be bold in our pick from SAINT LAURENT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     We journeyed to Hong Kong to attend the bi-annual trend presentation for luxury e-retailer Net-A-Porter. With the buzz of the city on our doorstep, Elizabeth von der Goltz, Net-A-Porter’s Global Buying Director, distilled the season into four key trends: All Grown Up captures a more feminine take on power dressing, with a focus on impeccable tailoring and interesting cuts. Become a master of layering by working double coated styling or wrap yourself in one of the seasons unexpected leather scarves. Girl Boss continues the mood of empowerment, working in the key pieces of the season. Think head-to-toe tonal suits, or don’t be afraid to browse the menswear section. This one is all about genderless dressing. The Colour Masterclass transforms every colour in the rainbow into unexpected yet refined hues. This trend enjoys the art that is dressing by embracing unusual colour combinations. Elizabeth von der Goltz suggests injecting a neon or emerald piece atop the rust tones popular with brands such as Nanushka or Rejina Pyo. Dressed Down sees ateliers working with only the most luxurious fabrics to marry comfort with sophistication. Think cashmere two-pieces and stacked woollen jumpers, because two is better than one. Here, three emerging designers in the Net-A-Porter family shared the stories of their AW 19 collections: Tommy Ton of Devaux talks pivoting inside of the industry, Alana Johnson of Orseund Iris speaks on the power of Instagram marketing and Daniel Lee of Ratio Et Motus reminds us of the importance of sustainability. Deveaux You’ve likely already heard of Tommy Ton. The fashion week mainstay is better known as the face behind the camera, capturing those street style photos you’ve been pinning. Now, as the artistic director of Deveaux, Ton is embraced slow fashion – designing for a refined, knowledgeable consumer. “When someone is buying a piece of Deveaux they feel they can wear it – what I like to think is that its life-proof. It’s a term that I’ve coined for all our clothes. It works for a working mum or someone who’s running on the go, but it’s always very comfortable, refined and relaxed.” 
“I think the clothes we put out there are very grounded in reality.”
 “I had a gut intuition that it was going to take off, and that I needed to spend all my time and energy on this platform to create content people actually cared about.” Orseund Iris We’ve been pining over Orseund Iris’ satin blouses for a while now. And that’s exactly as the brand’s designer Alana Johnson, intended. “When I started about three years ago, I saw the opportunity specifically with Instagram. With that dedication it took hours, days, a lot of time and energy focussed on that platform (it was just me at the time) and we’ve grown from zero followers to now 190 thousand organically in three years. I think seeing that opportunity and focussing on it, I don’t think many designers take it, or back then took it, that seriously, and I saw that.” “I feel like sustainability should be a mission for every company moving forward.” Ratio et Motus A member of Net-A-Porter’s Vanguard program, Ratio Et Motus, have managed to design one of the most coveted bags of the season: The Twin Frame. However, designer Daniel Lee is not influenced by trends, rather he focuses on building sustainable collections. “When we first started it was very clear to us that we only wanted to work with leather vendors that make sustainable leather. It is a pretty broad term in the leather industry though. We work with this organisation called Leather Working Group in Italy … They measure [60-80 tanners] every year and give them a certain grading of showing how the vendor is being sustainable. We only work with tanners that have that certification, so the leather we use on our handbags are all by-products from the meat industry; so we’re not killing any more animals specifically to make bags.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     “What a person chooses to wear and how they present themselves is essentially their way of telling you who they are”. These are the words of Jennifer Lawrence in Christian Dior’s latest campaign for its AW 19 women’s collection. Regarding fashion as one of the most important outlets for personal expression, Lawrence details how costuming and the outward embodiment of a character is one of the most vital parts of her role as an actress. Captured in a minimalist setting, the film emphasises the garments and the art, with Lawrence backgrounded by the beautiful textile works of artist Sheila Hicks. Dior (and its creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri) places female artists at the heart of the collection, looking to the future while simultaneously nodding to the past, and the campaign spotlights house’s newest icon – the 30 Montaigne bag. Inspired by the historic Paris address where Monsieur Dior founded his couture house in 1946, the bag asserts itself as a standout in the campaign, with that signature CD monogram contrasting against the bareness of the landscape.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow In structural separates and voluminous layers, she is as close to a work of art as we’ve ever seen. PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow
FASHION Kate Carnegie
MODEL Billie Smolsy @ IMG
MAKEUP Justin Henry using M.A.C.
SET DESIGN Lauren De Innocentis
PROPS The Establishment Studio
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Nguyen Dang
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Monique Malone Equipment supplied by Sun Studios.   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     A peculiar existence. An assault on the senses. This is what we have come to expect of Harmony Korine. The eccentric auteur has teamed up with Gucci for the the brand’s latest men’s tailoring campaign, taking beloved crooner Harry Styles and transporting him to a wonderfully weird world. Wandering around a shed full of abandoned busts and marble sculptures, with disconcerting jump cuts to images of geese and piglets running around his feet, Styles is clad in a purple and pink Gucci suit. A versatile garment, ideal for jaunting around with your gang of animals or exploring farm land, it is a part of the latest collection of sartorial pieces by Alessandro Michele. The campaign film is shot in typical Korine fashion: old VHS camcorder style, with a quirky soundtrack by Softboiled Eggies’ Shower In The Rain to match. Reminiscent of some of Korine’s most assaulting films such as Gummo or Trash Humpers, the visual aesthetic of the campaign matches the brand’s ongoing preoccupation with subverting traditional fashion advertising expectations. The colours and film grain make the film punchy, elevating the mundane activities of folding origami and combing a pig onto a new level; that of high fashion.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci    PHOTOGRAPHY still courtesy of Fenty SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Few people work as hard as Robyn Rihanna Fenty. Adept at harnessing her desires and making them a reality, during her 14-year career thus far Rihanna has released numerous critically acclaimed albums, become creative director of Puma’s women’s collection and released a game-changing Fenty Beauty line (just to name a few highlights), and she is far from finished. In collaboration with French luxury fashion and lifestyle company LVMH, Rihanna will be launching her own maison under her existing brand, Fenty. Such a move is significant on a multitude of levels. Not only is this the first new house developed by LVMH since Christian Lacroix was launched in 1987, but Rihanna is both the first woman and the first woman of colour to achieve this highly coveted spot in the LVMH brand family. Of this honour, Rihanna took to Instagram to respond “big day for the culture. thank you Mr.Arnault [sic] for believing in this little girl from the left side of an island, and for giving me the opportunity to grow with you at @LVMH. This is proof that nothing is impossible. Glory be to God 🙏🏿” The house will create ready-to-wear, shoes, sunglasses and jewellery, and is cited by Rihanna to be inspired by her Barbados background. The launch of Fenty is a major step forward when it comes to fair and accurate representations of people, specifically women of colour, in the fashion industry. Utilising varying body shapes, skin tones and genders within her advertising, and creating clothes for every body, Rihanna is continuing her crusade for a more inclusive world. This fight began prior to Fenty’s inception with the launch of her beauty range that famously provides products for over 40 different skin tones. Sneak peaks of the first collection from the new Fenty brand have been released for the past few weeks, revealing a monochromatic, refined and inclusive line, with hints at subdued neutrals with structure and a penchant for exposed legs also revealed in Rihanna’s interview with the New York Times. The new label will be releasing items exclusively on its website every few months, with the first collection has dropped at the Fenty pop-up store in Paris, and will launch online from May 29.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan A statement pair of shades to add to your wardrobe – make waves in the latest offering from Kenzo and Specsavers. The round frames feature translucent blue acetate and psychedelic graphic print side handles. Not for the faint of heart, take the trip. KENZO sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kitty Callaghan She’s beauty and she’s grace. Inspired by Katharine Hepburn and the colour palette of the 1930s, Anna Quan presented her Resort 20 collection, Turn The Page, at MBFWA. Featuring structured tailoring, timeless evening wear and luxurious fabrications, we’ve never been more ready to turn back time. Captured on Canon’s 5D Mark IV.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Daniel Goode A day in the life. The keepsakes, the memories, the beauty in the ordinary and the thrill of something new. PHOTOGRAPHY Daniel Goode @ The Artist Group
FASHION Ellen Presbury
SET DESIGN Christelle Scifo @ Fleurette
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Julian Schulz  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mia Rankin A grand opening to kick start the week of MBFWA. Designers Adrian Norris and Edwina Forest presented their Aje Resort 20 collection overlooking the Harbour Bridge in the heart of Sydney, with runway icon Emma Balfour closing the show. “Model Ajok Madel walks for stylist Gillian Wilkins and creative director Edwina Forest during castings.” “Model Beck Hume walks for stylist Gillian Wilkins and creative director Edwina Forest during castings.” “Creative director and CEO, Adrian Norris, making adjustments to the collection during fittings.” “Model Alice Yang walks during castings.” “The Aje Resort 20 show shoe.” “Final fittings with model Roberta Pecoraro.” “Look nine, the Mimosa Blooming Gown, hanging backstage pre show.” “Behind the scenes during hair and make up trials.” “The final running order.” “Model, Akiima, walks in her full look during fittings.” “Model Emma Balfour behind the scenes pre-show, wearing her closing look.” “Lancome’s artistic director Lara Srokowski adding final touches during hair and make up trials.” “Models India Stibilj and Akiima behind the scenes during fittings.” “Model Agi Akur behind the scenes during fittings.” “All-star line-up: models Evelina Milward, Rachel Rutt and Agot Dell captured pre-show.” “Model Rosie Tupper behind the scenes pre-show.” “Models, Agi Akur and Roberta Pecoraro, behind the scenes pre show.” “Model Astrid Holler behind the scenes pre-show.” “Waiting game. Spotlight on model Evelina Milward just before showtime.” “Models Beck Hume and Zoe Barnard celebrate post-show.” “CEO and creative director Adrian Norris with stylist Gillian Wilkins celebrate post-show.” “Models Leila Mathieson, Alice Yang and Meike van Roij lined up pre-show.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kitty Callaghan It was all a dream. Double Rainbouu exhibited its Resort 20 collection at the Chinese Garden of Friendship in Sydney’s Darling Harbour. From wide-brim bucket hats to terry towelling jumpers, and of course the all-favourite party shirt, it was a sun drenched afternoon not to be forgotten. Follow your Rainbouu Rider, captured on Canon’s 5D Mark IV.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Claudia Smith Better together. Designed to move and flow with your body, the Nike FE/NOM Flyknit sports bra is all the support you need. This changes everything. PHOTOGRAPHY Claudia Smith
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODELS Helen Bouchard and Carla Pereira @ IMG
HAIR Joel Forman @ Lion Artist Management
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Lion Artist Management
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Alex Wall Shot at Borough Studio.  NIKE Air Force 1 '07 shoes.  NIKE FE/NOM Flyknit sports bra.  NIKE Sportswear top.  NIKE Tempo Tech Pack shorts.  NIKE Australia 2019 Stadium Home top.  NIKE Tech Pack jacket.  NIKE Flyknit Indy sports bra.  NIKE Classic Cortez shoes.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Atty Mitchel SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      For its Resort 2020 collection Bassike harnessed the talents of model and RUSSH face Atty Mitchell to photograph the collection and open the runway show. Known for their minimal and tailored all-Australian aesthetic, Bassike have always embodied and shaped the local way of life. From organic cotton tees and drop waist pants – they are the makers of our favourite wardrobe staples. Showing their Resort 20 collection over an intimate dinner at Sydney’s Apollo restaurant, the clothes were effortless, trans-seasonal and buildable into any existing wardrobe. “I felt really strongly about introducing colour this season. This is something we have shied away from in the past, but it just felt right for Resort and our show.” From lemon yellows to vivid greens, this introduction of colour was more wearable than most. Pieces to layer, love and wear time and again.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Riccardo Tisci unveils Burberry’s first monogram collection in celebration of the luxury brand’s founder, Thomas Burberry. Following his appointment as chief creative officer of the house, Tisci immersed himself in the brand’s archives and discovered a selection of 20th century TB logo motifs, inspiring a new house code. Working alongside British art director and graphic designer Peter Saville, the Burberry monogram was launched in August, 2018, and celebrates the brand’s heritage through a distinctly modern lens. It was only right, then, that the campaign star modern day super Gigi Hadid. Resplendent in ready to wear and accessories featuring the new house code (think interlocking TB initials in tonal shades of Burberry beige) Hadid transforms from the girl, the boy, the lady and the gentleman – embodying each of the four distinct characters at centre of the house. The collection will be available to purchase in select Burberry stores from early June.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Night fever. Saint Laurent’s Spring Summer 19 collection is the one we keep coming back to. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Mira Alldinger @ Chic Management
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using R+Co
MAKEUP Samantha P @ Vivien’s Creative using Yves Saint Laurent
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Sheree Porter
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Annalee Porter  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Olivia Repaci At home we are ourselves; creature comforts provide respite from the chaos, and we lose inhibitions amongst the familiar and the known. In tailored separates and fabrications that feel like second skin, this is the authentic self. PHOTOGRAPHY Olivia Repaci
FASHION Amelia Lee
MODEL Bella Thomas @ Kult Australia
HAIR AND MAKEUP Lottie Gerber  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Smith Hey Mama. It’s the smallest gestures that count. From a new favourite book, the jewellery to keep close or skincare that provides the pampering she deserves. Shop the RUSSH Mother’s Day edit here.  Clockwise from left: CINNAMON PROJECTS Circa Mineral Incense burner; Carol Jerrems, Up Close (SCHWARTZ PU); CHRISTIAN DIOR necklace; LOUIS VUITTON shoes. Clockwise from left: CHRISTIAN DIOR bracelet; OROTON bag; CHANEL hat; L’OCCITANE Almond Shower oil; KATE SPADE NEW YORK bracelet. Clockwise from left: CHANEL bag and swimsuit; RELIQUIA necklace; ALANA WILSON vase; Jill White, Dupain’s Beaches. 
“To describe my mother would be to write about a hurricane in its perfect power. Or the climbing, falling colours of a rainbow.” – Maya Angelou
 Clockwise from left: BURBERRY bag; L’OCCITANE Almond Delicious soap; JACQUEMUS top; TIFFANY & CO. earrings and tray. Clockwise from left: Tracey Emin, My Photo Album; MAISON BALZAC Pink Carafe and Glass; RELIQUIA earrings and hair clips; CAROLINA SANTA DOMINGO bag. Clockwise from left: BVLGARI necklace; VALET STUDIO bag; LONELY bra; BVLGARI ring; Naomi Alderman, The Power. Clockwise from left: ORCHARD ST Glow Botanical tea; Anna Del Conte, Anna Del Conte on Pasta; QUEEN B Bee Lights candles; DOM PERIGNON Vintage champagne; L’OCCITANE Almond Delicious hands and Almond Delight Body balm. Clockwise from left: BVLGARI sunglasses; L’OCCITANE Immortelle Divine Foaming cleanser and cream; OROTON bag; Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends; ORCHARD ST Peace mylk and I Am Peace essences. “And all my childhood memories are full of all the sweet things you did for me. And even though I act crazy I gotta thank the Lord that you made me.” – Tupac Clockwise from left: GUCCI bag from Vestiarie Collective; SENER BESIM ring; L’OCCITANE Herbae EDP; CHANEL pants; TIFFANY & CO. carafe. Clockwise from left: VAN CLEEF & ARPELS watch and bracelet; FENDI bag; L’OCCITANE Immortelle Reset serum.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Abbey O’Connell     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: PHOTOGRAPHY @kendalljenner; Gisele Bunchen in Versace, 1999, PHOTOGRAPHY Pinterest.   As this year’s Met Gala draws closer, themed Fashion: Notes on Camp, we take a look back at the faces and the outfits that have shaped ‘fashion’s night of nights’. The event itself was first conceived in 1949 when publicist Eleanor Lambort founded the first ever Met Gala, inviting a quaint guest list that focused on New York socialites. Now the event has now become synonymous with high-profile models, celebrities having red carpet fashion moments, making it easy to forget that the Met Gala is, at its core, a fundraising prelude to the main event – The Metropolitan Museum of Art costume exhibition. Notable past attendees included supers Kate and Naomi, Anna Wintour in signature spaghetti straps, Princess Diana resplendent in her royal jewels, with Liv and Stella showing us how rock royalty do it. The theme of the exhibition changes each year, with some guests taking it as a sartorial suggestion, some an imperative, others, like model-muse Abbey Lee Kershaw, an opportunity for political activism. Past themes include Haute Couture (1995), which saw the supers descending upon the event for the first time. The organising committee famously banned selfies for China – Through The Looking Glass (2015) but none of the guests complied. This year’s theme is based on Susan Sontag’s seminal 1964 essay, Notes on Camp. Camp is a hard concept to pin down, best explained through examples: John Waters films are undoubtedly camp – think of Johnny Depp in Crybaby or Divine in Pink Flamingos. Lady Gaga’s meat dress exemplifies camp’s appreciation for the vulgar. Dior, under the helm of John Galliano in the early 90s and 00s, is the epitome of runway camp. It’s a love of the unnatural, absurd, the vulgar exaggerated into hilarity and style at the expense of practicality. Camp is in the eye of the beholder, and we’re ready to behold it come May 6.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Move with the music, feel like a local, all in Loewe. The third collection created in collaboration with the iconic Paula’s boutique in Ibiza, this iteration focuses on vibrant colours, loud patterns and sophisticated lines. Dubbed ‘bohemian metropolitan’ (arguably the most perfect sounding fashion fusion), the collection features both women and menswear lines, alongside coveted staples such as monochrome sunglasses, panelled bags, vibrant accessories and even a beach towel. Designed to complement the Ibiza lifestyle, the 2019 collection combines the classic Loewe style with an unparalleled sense of fun, aligning Paula’s ethos with the Loewe image. The capsule draws on iconic archive prints chosen specifically by Jonathan Anderson, Loewe’s creative director, in the search for the perfect celebration of the island’s unique atmosphere and culture. A heavy focus on sun-bleached colour and soft pastels on organic fabrics such as terry towelling, jersey and cotton crotchets are explored in the ready to wear line, accented with wooden beading, tassels and drawstring ropes to add the touch of magic the Balearic Island’s create. A cult retailer internationally known for its unique atmosphere and devotion to cultivating the creative spirit, Paula’s party is now set to make its way to Australian shores. Travelling all the way to Melbourne’s Marais store on Bourke Street, Loewe Paula’s Ibizia will set up shop in this luxury location for the month, from May 2 to 23. This is the first time that the collection will be available to Australian lovers of Loewe, and will also be available for purchase from Westfield Chadstone boutiques. Weave the summer into your winter wardrobe with a collection that evokes a feeling of warmth from every angle.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter     You say you want a revolution? Well, that starts with the hat on your head, thanks to Lack Of Color. The beloved Australian brand has recently launched its most unique collection yet, Revolution, a nostalgic ode to decades past. The collection features 22 new vintage-inspired chapeaus reminiscent of the styles and designs of yesteryear. Follow the Lack of Color crew as they relive simpler times spent together – driving, dancing, and meandering the Australian hills in their vintage best. Featuring models Valentina Ruby, Jess Clarke and Anna Feller, watch as endless days turn into poolside games and dancing late into the balmy evening. Directed by Robert Tilbury and captured on film by Brydie Mack of WolfcubWolfcub, Lack of Color invites you into their dreamy world, with accessories to get you in the mood. Let your journey to the past start with the hat on your head, towards a new way forward.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Elegance redefined. With its joyful Mediterranean spirit and a love for Matisse, Etesian crafts timeless pieces of simple luxury. For the bold: the Cosma Hoop, and for the ones looking to find a little peace the Pajoro earrings, crafted in 24 carat-gold plated brass, are modern day statement pieces with a classic feel. Add a sculptured statement to your everyday or keep them treasured for an escape from the mundane. ETESIAN Cosma hoop and Pajaro earings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   Clare @inouicg.   Break out the bleach and keep your trusty stain remover handy – our model muses show us the light with their favourite all-white ensembles. Nothing has ever felt as fresh or cool than a woman in her whites: whether starched, crinkled, off-white or offset by the smallest splash of colour, there’s something timeless and effortless about wearing the monochromatic hue. Like Camille and Michele, let white guide your palette this season. Cap off your look with a pair of AUÓR sunglasses in Bone.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT There’s a first time for everything. Creative Director Maria Grazia Chiuri takes to Moroccan skies for the debut of Christian Dior’s 2020 Resort collection. Press play and find common ground, live from Marrakech.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson Closet encounters. Zipped down, buttoned up – the way you do anything is the way you do everything. PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson @ Union Management
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Mara @ THE.mgmt
HAIR Joel Forman @ Lion Artist Management
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan The bucket bag has remained iconic throughout the ages and isn’t stopping anytime soon – R.M. Williams has made sure of that. Crafted in premium bovine leather and paired with suede gussets and brass hardware, R.M.Williams’ new bucket bag in black is one you’ll carry ’til the end. Consistency is key with an internal floating zip purse and cardholder, protecting our possessions in style, and for those craving versatility a detachable shoulder strap brings another dimension to an already seamless design. A piece of both elegance and practicality, enjoy R.M. William’s craftsmanship time after time with its new bucket bag must have. R.M. WILLIAMS bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   Rodarte @rodarte.   The collection we’ve been waiting for. Iconic L.A.-based luxury brand Rodarte, known for their whimsical formalwear, has collaborated with size-inclusive role models Universal Standard to create a collection of key wardrobe pieces for every body. Incorporating the sizing range of Universal Standard, who stock garments from sizes 00 to 40, with the classic designs that you’ve come to expect from Rodarte, the collection is a winning combination that brings high fashion to everyone. The collection is only the second time that the luxury brand has ever catered to the mass market, with the first being 2009 a capsule with Target, however it captures the core values and shapes of Rodarte; featuring the brand’s distinctive colour palette of reds, soft pinks, black and white (all embellished with Rodarte’s synonymous layers of frills and bows of course). This collection is an important step towards size inclusivity in the fashion industry, and is amongst the movement of forward-thinking brands working towards a fashion industry that embraces all body shapes. Notably, brands such as Reformation, Fame and Partners, 11 Honoré and Eloquii all stock covetable capsule collections or lines that cater for a wide range of body types and sizes. While there is a movement towards inclusion, there is still of course a long way to go. Large, influential brands are yet to make the move towards varied sizing, instead only creating their clothing for a fraction of women. At this year’s New York Fashion Week, it was reported that only 5 designers stocked clothing above a size 22, and overwhelmingly, majority of brands only created clothing to a size 14. In an era that celebrates diversity and difference, these statistics show how brands need to take the necessary steps towards inclusion in order to remain relevant and profitable well into the future.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Tim Ashton Wild, wild horses. Grab your bags, the only way is forward. PHOTOGRAPHY Tim Ashton
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Helan Bouchard @ IMG
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using R + Co
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid using M.A.C
DIGITAL OPERATOR Bjorn Johnson
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Isaac Brown  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Modern with a vintage flare, Carolina Santo Domingo’s Eva Box petite wristlet bag adds some much needed structure to our frenetic lives. A conversation starter to say the least, the Eva box is a new mini carrier inspired by the attraction of opposite stylistic forces: think tiger striped wood paired with suede, the meeting of geometric and organic elements, for a treasure box you can carry ’til morning. With your Eva box in hand it never felt so cool to be square. CAROLINA SANTO DOMINGO Eva box  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: Gizele Oliveira @giizeleoliveira; Shanina Shaik @shaninamshaik.   March to the beat of your own drum. In snakeskin boots and tie-dye vests, our model muses made it their own at this year’s Coachella Valley Arts and Music Festival. From head-to-toe leopard print to the classic blue jeans or tasseled whites, our model muses took to the grounds of Coachella in their festival best. Gizele and Alessandra braved the dessert heat and kept it cropped, while Georgia and Shanina paid homage to Coachella’s 90s roots in slip dresses and combat boots. With a mini bag on your arm and your favourite pair of shades, days are spent stretched across green grass while nights are danced away under desert skies. Try on our favourite festival essential from ISABEL MARANT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You’ve seen her as the frontwoman of Bridezilla, or perhaps playing keys alongside Alex Cameron in his live sets, but Holiday Sidewinder is a force all on her own. A self-described ‘pop provocateur’, the L.A.-based singer-songwriter is now bringing her disco-drenched live show back home for her Down Under 2019 tour. Press play and be swept into the Holiday universe thanks to her film clip for Tra$h Can Luv. Playing live at Newtown’s Waywards this Saturday, April 20, Holiday Sidewinder is supported by Malys and Kid Heron. Tickets available here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Billie Iveson    PHOTOGRAPHY Harri Peccinotti “… I should one day like to show by my work what such an eccentric, such a nobody, has in his heart. That is my ambition, based less on resentment than on love in spite of everything, based more on a feeling of serenity than on passion.” – Vincent van Gogh In this issue we celebrate the unsung heroes, the creative works of people who were never recognised in their lifetime and the next generation that has yet to find their audience. We explore the rediscovered negatives of photographer Vivian Maier and meet Karen Marks – whose mesmerising brand of 80s new wave has amassed a cult fan base almost 40 years later – along with the new guard of artists at Sydney’s National Art School. We question the weight of success and validation, and how these two things shape creative output. In my almost nine years at RUSSH it has been a primary focus to seek out new voices, to champion their creative work in the pages of this magazine. Perhaps what is interesting to note: it’s their personal work that inspires me most – what they produce with no brief, agenda or commission. What would you create if it was only for your eyes, if only for the joy of getting something out that shouldn’t stay inside you? How does the need for validation seep into the mind and affect the brushstrokes on the canvas or the words on the page? How do we achieve a healthy balance ensuring that our fears never get the better of us? As Anna Harrison writes in Behind Closed Doors, recognition, whether in this life or not, takes second place to the human need of sharing our gifts with the world. We hope this issue inspires you to look at your art before your outcome, and face the fear that what you create won’t fit within today’s definition of success. If we are to learn anything from Emily Dickinson, Franz Kafka and Vincent van Gogh, it is to look beyond the notion of what makes an artist relevant and redefine failure. By simply creating we are succeeding. Don’t wait. Take the leap and let others receive the gifts you have to offer. The Unrecognised Issue is available for purchase here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Move with me. Dance into the Autumn Winter 19 season with Emporium Melbourne. From Dion Lee, to Bassike and Mulberry, we’re in good company. DIRECTOR Jordan Kirk @ Xingerxanger
PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Sandra Martens @ Chic Model Management
HAIR Rory Rice @ Lion Artist Management using Oribe
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Lion Artist Management using Tom Ford Beauty
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Sheree Porter
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Billie Bul  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow She’s a runaway spirit taking refuge on the rocks. By the sea, beneath the sun, wearing pieces to treasure always. There’s no going back from here. PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow
MODEL Adual Akol @ Chadwicks  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Knit leather? We’d expect nothing less from beloved Byron Bay brand, St. Agni, unveiling an innovative new hand-knitted leather technique with the release of its AW 19 collection. The Mae Knit loafer binds fine leather to create a truly unique design, reminiscent of the craftsmanship of generations past, and embracing naturally dyed, vegetable tanned leather. Finished by hand by artisans in Indonesia, The Mae is a testament to the slow-fashion movement. From beach to brunch, the cityscape and beyond, The Mae will carry you through the seasons with its beautiful, stylish knit and second-skin feel. ST. AGNI shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Vanessa Moody @vanessa_moody; Kaia Gerber @kaiagerber.   Bright-yellow, black-rimmed, a hint of gold or somewhere in between … our model muses know how to add some intrigue with a pair of citrus coloured shades. Part-Wes Anderson, part-70s rockstar, add a dose of nostalgia to your look with amber lenses that have you channeling your inner Hunter S. Thompson. Supersize your frames like Adwoa, keep it classic like Kaia, or wear them sultry under the sun like Lera. Best worn with low-key hair and makeup and an attitude to match, so you can see the world sunny side up. Stay golden. Embrace the trend with a pair of ACNE STUDIOS sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson You’re moving without moving. And when you move, I’m moved. From Camilla and Marc to Viktoria & Woods and Scanlan Theodore. Be moved and step into the Autumn Winter 19 season with Emporium Melbourne. For a limited time only receive a $50 gift card to spend with Emporium Melbourne – details below. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Sandra Martens @ Chic Model Management
HAIR Rory Rice @ Lion Artist Management using Oribe
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Lion Artist Management using Tom Ford Beauty
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Sheree Porter
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Billie Bul RECEIVE YOUR $50 EMPORIUM MELBOURNE GIFT CARD* Be one of the first 100 people to spend $200 at Emporium Melbourne, and present a copy of this article to Concierge on Ground Floor, to receive your $50 Emporium Melbourne gift card.  *Australian residents only. Ends May 31, 2019, 11:59pm AEST, while gift stocks last. Maximum one gift per person, per day. Maximum one gift per $200 qualifying spend. T&C’s apply. See full terms and conditions.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     An exciting new frontier. Australian fashion brand Dion Lee unveils its most recent collaboration, and it’s not who you expect. After conquering the world of high fashion, the label has decided to expand its reach to interiors, partnering with industrial designers Sarah Gibson and Nicholas Karlovasitis of DesignByThem. Taking inspiration from classic Dion Lee designs, the new DL Collection features two pieces: a DL lounge chair and a DL bench, launching officially at Milan Design Week. Epitomising the classic structure and form that Dion Lee’s garments are known for, the collection also highlights the timeless designs that are inherent to DesignByMe. As Karlovasitis says, “We wanted to reference Dion’s woven and structured design elements, combining these with traditional furniture making methods to create a visual lightness and interactivity.” This collection is the first interdisciplinary project for Dion Lee and DesignByThem. These works are a statement piece to complement any interior – sleek, minimal design and leatherwork with Dion Lee’s signature weaving technique ensure these will become treasured additions to any home space. “With any collaboration, it becomes a dialogue between two very different perspectives and technical skill sets,” explains Lee of the creative partnership. “In this instance, it was taking the technique of slashing and weaving, seen in some of our most recognisable products and translating that into commercialisation.” Each piece comes in a multitude of different colour ways, and will surely be the fuel for our minimalist interior dreams for months to come.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     A bond like no other. Sisters are the friends we didn’t ask for but desperately need. This connection we share with the ones we love can often be represented in the form of a momento, a keepsake to carry through life’s highs and lows. Enter Fendi’s staple bag: the Peekaboo. As a part of the brand’s campaign #MeAndMyPeekaboo, a series of short films featuring the likes of Clara and Esther McGregor, and Jessica and Krystal Jung, a new set of sisters take to the New York streets with their Peekaboos in tow. Trailblazers and advocates of natural beauty, the Quann sisters (Cipriana and TK Wonder) are our ultimate icons. Co-founders of Urban Bush Babes, a natural hair advocacy and advice platform that ensures the beauty of your natural self is always celebrated, the pair share a bond and a passion that inspires and ignites envy. Oozing with the confidence they are known for, the pair are unapologetically themselves. Armed with the power of the Peekaboo, their personal styles compliment each other to create the ultimate dream team – as sisters often do. The campaign features pairs from all walks of life, sharing with us the individuality and quirkiness that makes them who they are, and why they attract the best company around.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Toss the others aside and let the Camille shine. From day to night, the newest carrier from Brie Leon is your 90s-inspired be-all and end-all, crafted in a patent, 100 per cent vegan leather dark chocolate crocodile sheen. Tucked beneath your arm or held by the petite handle, she’s spacious enough to house everything you need, in a classic baguette shape that complements every outfit. Thoughtfully crafted to be your new everyday tote, The Camille is destined to be treasured even more over time. BRIE LEON bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     Christian Lomas, the cult brand known for its iconic, one-off customised garments, has taken the best of the punk scene and created a high impact new campaign video for his upcoming collection. Featuring the talented Ondria Hardin, the short features a classic studded, hand-painted Christian Lomas jacket, and is scored by Liars. In a live music setting, the dark clip focuses on the detailed embroidery, studs and artwork intrinsic to each of Lomas’ pieces. Directed by Eddy Ming, and filmed and edited by Mike Perry, the short has us yearning for those one of a kind pieces – a shining wardrobe staple, that takes your look from office to concert in the quickest of movements. Simply slip on your Christian Lomas and be someone else, even if only for the night.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Pointed and daring, with the devil on your shoulder. There are no guarantees as to what might happen while wearing Emma – an edgy, playful cat-eye pair of sunglasses rendered in a vivid red. As a part of Mulberry’s first ever foray into eyewear, the Emma features in the brand’s retro sunglasses collection, inspired by British style icons of the past and present. Let the mischief find you when you wear the Emma – nothing offers discretion like the perfect shades. MULBERRY sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Enter the world of St. Agni via behind the scenes footage of the artisanal process used the beloved Byron Bay footwear brand. Celebrating the launch of their Autumn Winter 2019 collection, experience the world of St. Agni yourself with a look at their shoe making process on the island of Indonesia. Each shoe is mindfully designed  by self-employed artisans, who work within the slow fashion movement. AW 19 sees St. Agni unveiling an innovative hand-knitted leather technique that features a fine, intricate weave that has never been seen before. The Mae knit loafer features this woven leather technique that makes for a durable, comfortable, and extremely stylish shoe to carry you through the seasons. Take pride in what’s on your feet, knowing that your shoes were made ethically and artfully on an island by the visionaries behind St. Agni.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   Burberry @burberry.   A win for mother earth. Burberry has announced plans to ban the use of all unnecessary plastic packaging by 2025. An ambitious but important goal, the luxury brand will be switching to reusable, recyclable and compostable packaging of its garments, with environmentally-friendly hangers, shrouds and poly bags being their first port of call. They will be looking to bio-plastics and natural alternatives to the hard plastics have all come to know. The brand had already denounced its use of real fur and controversial tactics for removing second-rate goods in 2018, and it appears as though they are taking this green focus well into the future, with the assistance of the Ellen MacArthur foundation. Motivating these bold steps is the advent of a carbon-neutral company, striving for the use of sustainable new materials and ensuring that the environment is their main concern when it comes to their manufacturing supply chain. This move by the luxury fashion house is not the first of its kind – rather, Burberry are joining the ever-growing list of brands making pledges to do their bit for our earth. In 2018, Chanel decided to ban the use of fur in all of its products, joining brands such as Michael Kors, Versace, Gucci, Furla, Coach, Calvin Klein and Diane von Furstenberg in the crusade for cruelty free fashion. Chanel were the also the first luxury brand to ban the use of exotic skins such as snake, crocodile and lizard, with only smaller brands such as H&M, ASOS and Puma doing so first. Sustainable fashion is something that many of our favourite brands have been working towards for years. Vivienne Westwood and Stella McCartney are core members of the State of Fashion exhibition, a Dutch initiative that highlights the most innovative brands and their sustainable endeavours. Closer to home, labels such as Ginger & Smart, Nimble Activewear, Camp Cove Swim and KitX are all eco-friendly and on a mission to ensure that good fashion doesn’t have to cost the earth.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     “I think they’re doing this homage to like old MGM. The movies and such. Oh my god.” Just in case you had forgotten how epic the Gucci Showtime SS 19 campaign was, we’re here to remind you with a behind the scenes glimpse into the circus of show business. Giving some air time to the crew who put the whole spectacle together, the clip gives us a tongue in cheek insight into not only the technical processes behind the jaw-dropping campaign clip, but also the often challenging dynamics of a film set. From bored co-stars, clueless crew (our favourite line being “It’s a Gushy, sorry Gucci commercial as far as I can tell. Not sure.”) and a sense of absurdity at every turn, the three-minute long clip is a light hearted delight. The level of planning and stress needed to pull off such an intricate production is also revealed, with men and woman climbing everywhere trying to get it done, with quips such as “Today was at least three or four years off my life, just today alone” aplenty. We are reminded of each individual that makes up the whole extravaganza, as they come weaving in and out of the backstage set. Tap dancing men in colourful sweaters joyfully pitter patter down a dark back alley. A mime sits poignantly listening to his music. Ladies in maid uniforms, men in dance outfits and a gang of lads in yellow suits and superhero masks pass by in an anachronistic fashion – is this dream or reality?  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ana Kraš Light and shadow, and all that falls in between. Photographer and artist Ana Kraš turns her lens towards the SS 19 campaign by Paris Georgia. Using close friends as muses for the new collection, founders Paris Mitchell Temple and Georgia Cherrie took to the streets of Paris with comrade and model Emma Champtaloup. “Emma is one of our ultimate muses and we knew that Ana [Kraš] would capture her perfectly – she took full creative direction. It was all put together very naturally, a group of friends roaming the streets of Paris. Emma was in the early stages of her pregnancy with her second baby, which made the shoot feel even more feminine and powerful.” “[The defining mood of this collection is] female form and empowerment.” “For this collection we found ourselves especially drawn to brighter tones and experimenting with colour blocking, which we tied into our signature pieces. We explored custom made trimmings and created horn buckles, which are the focal point of our tailored suits and a definite favourite in the collection.” 
“We met Ana through our New York showroom … We have always admired her work as a photographer but also as an artist and furniture maker. Her eye is so uniquely hers and she captures our clothing and our mood just perfectly.”
 “We love the design process, creating the collections is what we truly love to do, shooting the campaigns – working with people we deeply admire and respect and only ever dreamed of working is a big one and of course travel – we love New Zealand but being able to centre travel around our jobs is the best, we feel so lucky.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson In the delicate hours. Photographer Sarah Adamson captures the ethereal beauty of model Zhoe Trotter. PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson
FASHION Miguel Urbina Tan
MODEL Zhoe @ Kult Australia
HAIR & MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency using Ella Baché  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “My life is in this bag.” Hop in the backseat with supermodel Irina Shayk as she drives between shows during Milan Fashion Week, with her Tod’s D-Bag in tow. Barefaced and dressed to kill in a leather trench coat, watch as Irina unpacks her D-Bag to show us what’s inside. Shayk’s bag reveals an array of sweets from her travels, as she attests the best way to fight jet lag is with a “splash of sugar”. Shayk models the newest edition of the leather D-Styling Bag, named after Lady Diana Spencer who was frequently seen wearing the tote. After 20 years of evolving and creating special editions of the classic bag, Tod’s has released the newest edition for SS19. Whether your sweet tooth is on par with Irina’s or not, watch on as she reveals the special relationship between a woman and her tote.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck  She’s the girl from Long Island, NY, who’s walked for Marc Jacobs and Stella McCartney and danced mid-runway with Bruno Mars. With that covetable cut, infectious smile and achingly cool style, she’s got one name only and it’s one we won’t forget. Meet our December Face – Dilone. At 22 she’s taken to the runway for Victoria’s Secret and Chloé, faced campaigns for Coach and Versace, and has been lensed by industry heavyweights like Patrick Demarchelier, Cass Bird and Steven Meisel. Want to get her dancing? Anything by Missy Elliott brings out her groove, and when she’s out to have fun: “Karaoke!” “My full name is Janiece Altagracia Dilone but I just go by Dilone. It’s not ‘Mary’ like some articles I’ve read have said. Where do people get this from anyway?” 
“My parents came from the Dominican Republic and settled on Long Island. I’m one of 10. Six girls, four boys.”
 With Dominican roots, her big family extends beyond her nine siblings: “My mom is one of 18 and my father is one of 12. So I have lot of cousins I also grew up with. There was always someone to talk to, dance with, create chaos with.” On a New York afternoon we captured her being nothing but herself: laughing, grooving, and serving up the trademark smile that had us hooked from the start. “My family and I are extremely close. I thank them for the good head on my shoulders and strong work ethic.” PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck @ ABTP Agency
FASHION Melissa Levy
MODEL Dilone @ DNA Models
HAIR Benjamin Muller using REDKEN
MAKEUP Stoj Bulic @ Streeters using Laura Mercier
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANTS JP Herrera and Lubo Golic
STYLIST’S ASSISTANTS Raymond Gee and Alexa Levine  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Kaia Gerber @kaiagerber; Logan Crosby @loganemily_.   Whether training, skating, or in transit. Our favourite model muses know a black sneaker is the off-duty go-to for ease, comfort and always-clean looks. Try on our pick from PRADA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     “I’m just learning all the time. About myself, about what I need, and what I don’t need.” Take a rare and exciting glimpse into the mind of model and activist Adwoa Aboah, with Farfetch’s newest platform, Farfetch Communities – a series of fashion stories and style edits that features some of the world’s most important names. Aboah joins this list of iconic contemporaries, including Chloë Sevigny, Riz Ahmed, Blondey McCoy and Moses Sumney, as they share their fashion inspirations and curate their own looks from the Farfetch wardrobe. In this instalment, we see Aboah’s form move and morph in trippy ways on screen – all while decked out in her favourite pieces from Farfetch. Aboah speaks of her personal approach to fashion in an honest and contemplative way: “I would define my style as quite confused. And it changes with the wind, which is sometimes quite similar to my personality actually.“ Oozing confidence, Aboah is able to rock so many different looks, it has us wondering if there is anything she can’t pull off. Whether it be an elegant full length dress paired with a beanie, or the chic coupling of statement sunglasses and tailored shirts, there is a constant sense of clarity and poise in the way she holds herself. And of course it is no surprise Aboah can hold a gaze. Fashion’s wunderkind, she’s walked for Fendi, Miu Miu and Burberry to name a few, all the while taking the helm of digital mental health platform Gurls Talk. Unapologetically herself, her authenticity shines through, always.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Endless summer? That’s exactly what Chanel had in mind for its Spring Summer 2019 collection. And if you didn’t collect quite enough ocean treasures this past season never fear – thanks to Chanel’s new accessories collection you can carry the feeling with you all year long. Pink, white, and blue all over –  your favourite beach ball is now transformed into a clutch for all your summer essentials, accented with Chanel’s signature braided chain strap. Bounce through the day knowing your belongings are mingling inside a novelty tribute to our favourite season. Or collect the most perfect ocean talisman with the sea shell clutch, emblazoned with the Chanel iconic CC logo, a treasure you surely can’t find in the sand. A gift for a loved one, or, ideally yourself. CHANEL Beach Ball bag and Sea Shell bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Gigi Ringel @gigiringel; Gemma Janes @gemmajanes.   Ditch the plastic and invest in a carrier that’s so much more than just a grocery bag. It’s a zero-waste style statement that takes you from the beach to the bar and, of course, the grocery store too. Make like Mimi and use it as a purse with your everyday essentials or look to Farah and use it to transport your fresh fruits and vegetables. Grab one in your favourite colour and take it everywhere. Buy your own from our friends at MATTEAU SWIM  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan What’s black and gold and shimmers ’til dawn? You, under the moonlight, with this bag in tow. There’s no question you’ll shine bright through the night with this latest carrier from Les Petit Joueurs under your arm. Let your essentials rest in satin as you flit from one moment to the next, with gold fringe guiding your every move. Evoking the late noughties (where fringe was added to just about everything) this iteration brings you into the future with a gold chain link strap. Made in Italy from 100 per cent satin and embellished with glass beads, the Fringy Satin Gold Bag from Les Petit Joueurs was made to manage all your midnight mischief. LES PETIT JOUEURS bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter     Stealing glances under their fishnet bucket hats with pearl chokers fastened around their necks, Christian Dior’s AW 19 models stole the show with their attitude and verve. Harking back to British sartorial staples such as tweed, tartan, and plaid, Dior’s Creative Director Maria Grazia Chiuri used this collection to explore the relationship between the French maison and British culture. The collection was inspired by a rule breaking British subculture in the 50s called, The Teddy Girls, where post-war girls rebelliously appropriated male clothing for an entirely new look. The runway saw the Dior girls with perfectly tailored Edwardian jackets, nipped waists from the 50s, fishnet fascinators, British prints, and fantastically retro spider lashes. Grazia Chiuri incorporated technical materials for a modern sportswear twist, dressing girls in bucket hats, slick patent frabrics and anoraks. Here, Grazia Chiuri describes the genesis of her dynamic new collection – one of pure rebellion and intrigue (in the British sense, of course).  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Gemma Janes @gemmajanes; Camille Jansen @camillejansen.   No longer reserved for the school playground or fleeting moments of 90s nostalgia – some of our favourite faces are making a strong case for the bucket hat, all year round. Whether felted or crocheted, wide or short brimmed, brightly coloured or neutral, the accessory of the season comes in all kinds of different shapes and sizes. Worn by the likes of Bella Hadid as a sleek addition to a street-wear inspired look, or by RUSSH girls Roberta Pecoraro and Farah Holt as a sun safe accessory to take you from the city to the beach, or Alina Timofeva as a quick solution for untamed locks. You can certainly leave your hat on. Shop the bucket hat we’re coveting at MY CHAMELEON  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan What’s cooler than cool? Auór eyewear, that is. We can’t get enough of the classic noughties-inspired cat eye crafted in a soft, timeless white bone. They call it the Paloma but we call it a forever must-have. Designed locally in Australia and handcrafted in Italy with European materials, these are a pair made to last. Whether it’s a black slip, a pastel sundress, or a vintage swimsuit, these shades a guaranteed to elevate any outfit to icon status. Paloma, you’re here and we’re never taking you off. AUÓR sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      As one of the first places on our digital hit list we frequent when in need of statement heels, our new staple bag or the party dress to end all others, luxury online atelier Net-A-Porter has saved our sartorial lives more times than we’d like to admit. With their eyes fixed firmly on the future, Net-A-Porter announces its crop of brands that will be joining its Vanguard collection. Aiming to promote the most innovative emerging designers and brands onto the high fashion stage, the Vanguard fold offers an international commercial platform with the Net-A-Porter seal of approval. This year it has been revealed that the Spring Summer 2019 selections for mentorship through the Vanguard program include Peter Do, Commission, Anne Manns and Ratio Et Motus; joining last season’s alumni Les Reveries, Rūh, Gu_De and Souliers Martinez. Peter Do’s collection features exquisite tailored shirts and innovative separates, with his eponymous brand informed by the designer’s work under Phoebe Philo at Celine. Commission takes cues from youth culture and strikes the perfect balance between cool casual and smart office pieces. Anne Manns’ jewellery collection offers unique touch for any outfit; with each piece moulding to the human form in an alien yet inspired way. Ratio Et Motus is a young leather goods brand founded in 2018, with design inspiration deeply rooted in the past. Shop the Vanguard selections now at Net-A-Porter.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The snow falls differently in Seoul, as though each flake contains its own tiny universe. A place to lose yourself or find yourself, it is a city of transformation and rich culture, coloured with luscious natural beauty and contemporary design. Here, filmmaker James Pillion captures model Joan Park on set in Seoul, dressed in Burberry’s SS 19 collection; an exquisite collision of tradition and modernity in movement. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     Captivating from the first frame. Moncler’s fourth instalment of its Genius Project highlights the arresting beauty of Simone Rocha’s designs. Throughout the three minute short Rocha’s collection comes to life in a beautiful English garden. Inspired by “Girl Guides protecting themselves against nature”, the collection is delicate yet functional in the context of the film and in real life. Think raincoats adorned in gerberas and puffers dotted with violets, the styling also inspires us to pull on the collection’s sturdy black boots and rain jackets and set our sights on the world outdoors. The film also conveys the stoic nature of the Simone Rocha x Moncler woman, and the keen ability of these reimagined girl guides to do whatever is necessary to them. Accompanied by a sci-fi inspired soundtrack that has us feeling as though we’re at the very beginning of a dark Tim Burton film, the Moncler Girl Guides showcase a steely resolve for their tasks at hand, with an enthusiasm for digging that adds a slightly sinister element to the film. An enthralling watch, this short film celebrates Rocha’s designs as the perfect accompaniment to a very Moncler Picnic at Hanging Rock moment.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I am woman. Erth Jewelry celebrates the divine feminine with its #12Women portrait series, starring Jessica Alba, Ashley Hart and Outdoor Voices’ Taylor Haney. The #12Women project highlights women that are successful in their own right, and explores the stories of their lives, awakening moments, and challenges they have overcome to . With the intent to send a message and bridge the gap to empower women worldwide. These stories and images continue to perpetuate Erth’s commitment to making a positive impact within the community and around the globe, and the brand has partnered with Unicef by donating a percentage of the #12Women collection sales to save the world’s children.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan All together now. Pandora’s tribute to female empowerment takes form in rose gold. First, a ring designed to look like two hands clasping in unity, engraved with ‘Trust your tribe’ and the classic astrological symbol for Venus, to denote femininity. The second piece comes as a necklace featuring a single hand pendant adorned with clear Cubic Zirconia stones and engraved with the phrase ‘Free to be you’. To celebrate International Women’s Day, if you purchase the Female Empowerment ring or necklace online Pandora will donate $5 to help support young girls and women through Shop for Change. PANDORA Female Empowerment ring and necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter     “A good pair of sunglasses makes me feel … dramatic,” exhales Sabina Socol, the Romanian-French journalist whose effortless style is the envy of Instagram. POMS takes a trip to Paris to enquire into the mind of Sabina, the girl as famous for her style as she is for her inimitable je ne se quoi. In an overcast Paris, Sabina brightens the screen with her tawny glow, coy expressions, and a glint in her eye as she models The Sabina, her eponymous sunglass design for POMS. Featuring tortoise-shell, black acetate and white ivory, the glasses trio has an exaggerated cat-eye design, uniquely embellished with semi-precious, stones such as Amethyst, Tiger Eye, and Onyx piercing the lens with their positive properties. Scoll reveals esoteric musings, believing that her tiger eye-embellished POMS glasses “help you see everything as it is.” When not gazing through her crystal lens, she clears her mind by “listening to music” and sharpens her senses with “a good glass of wine.” Spoken like a true French girl, Scolls takes us on a journey through her mind as she unwinds in the backstreets of Paris with her eponymous POMS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter     Dancing, downward-dogging, dashing down the street and everything in-between. That’s what NAGNATA is for – every moment and movement in your life. Known for high-end performance knitwear that takes you from the studio to the street, the brand recently collaborated with the famed Woolmark Company to develop a super-fine Merino-wool performance fabric. The innovative fabric is made with a blend of Australian Merino wool and Tencel, a highly-sustainable natural fibre that makes the garments feel seamless, breathable and extremely soft. In celebration of this new textile development, the sister designers behind NAGNATA bring us a sublime short film starring model Eva Minaeva to launch the new collection. Set in NYC with the Hudson River flowing in the background, Minaeva makes seamless shapes in her two-tone NAGNATA separates as she fiercely and fluidly moves in the wind. Caught in a dance between coloured sheets, Feel Good by Maribou State and Khruangbin rhythmically undulates in the background as Eva combines dance and yoga for deep, unrestricted movement. The filmic aesthetic echoes the brand’s retro-inspired design, creating a world of sensual, modern movement for today’s active woman who feels good wherever she goes.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Dance, dance, disco baby. The Zoe earrings from Valet Studio are your new Saturday Night Fever statement. Featuring a cluster of amber crystals with an array of multicoloured drop crystals raining below. Best paired with an ultra flashy dress – what more could you want (or need)? Go big or go home. VALET STUDIO earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     There’s something about black and white. It transports us to a place that is otherworldly yet familiar, imbued with a feeling of home. Jil Sander’s Spring Summer 2019 campaign evokes this same sensation through its poignant and mesmerising short film. At two and a half minutes long, the short portrays various scenes backdropped with classic Japanese landscapes and interiors. Sitting in the onsen, wandering the Japanese streets and catching the bullet train has never looked more chic than when in Jil Sander. Through a filmic aesthetic, montage and collage help weave together a story of liminality, exploration and escape simultaneously; amplified by the haunting soundscape accompanying the short. Designers Luke and Lucie Meier have taken Jil Sander’s iconic identity to another level, with their third ready-to-wear runway season a minimal and classic collection that with welcome lashings of experimentation. Uniformity is a key motif, with monochrome, pant and skirt suits adding a sense of sincerity and melancholy to the short. With astounding camera work and beautifully composed stills etched into our minds, the scene reappears as soon as we close our eyes.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes From this day forward. Accessories to treasure, keepsakes to pass on and everyday pieces to never let go. PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes @ Vivien’s Creative
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Saska @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Lion Artist Management  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood Luc Besson, oil paintings and a life spent seaside. Founder and designer of Sydney-based menswear brand Commas, Richard Jarman, talks with RUSSH about his new Spring Summer 2019 collection (exclusive to Matchesfashion.com), the importance of quality and the every-person muse who inspires his pieces. What was the inspiration behind the Matchesfashion.com exclusive collection?
In keeping with our ongoing embrace of aquatic landscapes, culture and history, the collection was inspired by Le Grand Bleu: the famed 1988 French free-diving film from maverick director Luc Besson. In addition to our signature nautical stripes, pieces in the collection feature an original water-painting sailboat print, painted with thick brushstrokes as if it were an oil painting, which is consistent with our ongoing nods to classic and modern art. The silks are printed and hand-dried in Australia, and each fabric was chosen based on how they feel against the skin, as well as their ability to retain that soft feeling, even after printing. This capsule collection features colours inspired by this particular moment in time — like the crimson printed statement shirt. It’s a strong colour palette created especially for this collaboration with Matchesfashion.com, a bold take on resort wear for their discerning clientele. Do you design for yourself? Or do you have a person/muse/man in mind when you design?
I’ve never wanted to have one guy in mind when creating the Commas collections, although of course I want to make pieces that feel good to me, that I’d want to wear every day, whether I’m heading to meetings or to the beach or to grab a coffee in the morning. Designing with one person in mind doesn’t make sense to me, given how diverse we all are, but at the same time there are major things we have in common, and in fashion there’s a need for clothes that represent the best in form and function to meet the needs of our lifestyles. Our plain white collared cotton shirts, for example, can be dressed up for a meeting or drink, or thrown on open after you’ve been in the water. In fact, we have a lot of women purchasing Commas, especially the collared shirts and the linen robes, which must say something about the universality of these kinds of pieces. What is the most difficult part of creating a collection?
If I had to mention one: we’ve grown at a faster speed overseas than we have back home and given that we’re a new brand without offices overseas, the different time zones and requests from overseas have been one of the more challenging aspects. But I’m definitely not complaining. What is the most rewarding part of creating a new collection?
I feel like with every collection we create people understand more of the story and I guess we figure out more of what we want to communicate. When piecing together what I want and will go on to inform the collection, it’s a good point in time to look back on experiences whether it was a movie, place, taste, scent or even somewhere I am yet to visit but am intrigued by. But what takes the cake is hearing the way the clothes make people feel, the places they have worn them and the confidence it gives them. What’s next for the brand?
We’d like to continue expanding our range with each collection, having started with a collection of swimmers and now offering the swim shorts and briefs alongside shirting, trousers and linen robes. I really would love to say, one day, that Commas offers everything you need every day – whether you’re at work or on vacation, at the beach or headed out to dinner – all created with the highest quality and beauty in mind. Collaboration has always been important to Commas, too. I’d love for the brand to continue growing the network of artists and photographers that we work closely with, creating timeless and inspirational imagery in the incredible water-side locations around the world that we’re so inspired by. PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood
FASHION Trevor Stones
MODEL Noel Kuron @ IMG
GROOMING Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative An exclusive capsule collection from Commas is now available at MATCHESFASHION.COM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Farah Holt @farahholt; Freja Wewer @frejawewer.   Floral on camo, stripe on leopard, print on check. It’s a mix and match game of clashing prints that feels so wrong it has to be right. Don’t fight the conflict, take the risk like our muses Farah, Anja and Andreea. Switch up your game in our pick from BALENCIAGA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Bonjour, Paris. The Christian Dior show is always one of the most highly anticipated moments during Paris Fashion Week. Take your front row seat as Maria Grazia Chiuri presents her Autumn Winter 19 collection for Christian Dior.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     Steven Meisel can do no wrong. His latest work, Marc Jacobs’ 2019 Spring Summer campaign, features model Primrose Archer in a bubbly and cool celebration of the brand’s latest collection and features all the curated monochrome styles we loved on the runway. Transparent shoes, the mini handbags and plenty of tulle, get transported back to a time in-between; unsure of whether we’ve arrived in the 60s, 70s or 80s. Archer and Meisel work seamlessly together to realise Marc Jacob’s vision for the collection, with a symbiotic understanding of movement and direction that is magnified by Katie Grand’s styling, Pat McGrath’s beauty and Guido Palau’s hair treatment.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Drew Wheeler Pieces to wear, move and love in. Tender moments as captured by photographer Drew Wheeler. PHOTOGRAPHY Drew Wheeler @ Union Management
FASHION Nat Turnbull
MODEL Bianca Guest @ Kult
HAIR & MAKEUP Georgia Ramman All clothing BASERANGE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Emma Stone and Allison Janney @nytimesfashion; Billy Porter @theebillyporter.   This is what you came for. Hollywood stands still for its final red carpet of the awards season – from Lady Gaga’s Tiffany jewels, Billy Porter’s gown, Awkwafina’s sparkling suit and Brie Larson’s disco ball moment. These are our favourite looks from the Oscars 2019 red carpet.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Ciao, Milano. Bottega Veneta presents its Autumn Winter 2019 collection from Milan Fashion Week – watch the runway presentation here and see the collection revealed in real time.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   ASSEMBLY LABEL jacket (from Universal Store); CHAMPION top; KSUBI skirt (from General Pants).    While the Australian music festival roster gives those who revel a chance to leave their inhibitions in the real world and indulge in the fantasy of music and light, we can often get stuck when it comes to how we express ourselves. Instead of succumbing to the same tried and tested looks of years past, it’s time to embrace a new standard and the possibilities they may hold. Luckily, Chadstone – The Fashion Capital has helped spark a new era in festival-wear. Bringing together over 40 street style brands in location, whenever inspiration strikes you’re certain to have all the tools necessary to fulfil you festival dream. With the likes of cult classic brands such as Nudie Jeans, General Pants, Superdry and Champion, embracing that festival freedom has never been easier. In need of a wardrobe update immediately? Visit Chadstone’s website and vote for your favourite festival look for your chance to win your dream wardrobe in the tune of a $1000 Chadstone Gift Card.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     Lovers of cinema, put down your popcorn and take note, Prada’s latest Spring Summer 19 film campaign is one to admire. Releasing their campaign via a series of five individual short films, each around 80 seconds long, the brand focuses on storytelling rather than mere exhibition. The campaign’s title, Double Exposure, aptly describes the theme behind the series: a multifaceted approach to identity and self-representation through the Prada brand. Each film focuses on the duality of the brand’s new collection, with key motifs of statement headpieces and new staple Prada bags shown to withstand the weight of humanity. Juxtaposition is centrally used to portray the emotional chameleon; someone who is able to go from rave to high tea, from angry to content and from one person to another in a matter of moments. A series in two parts, the first two films focuses on menswear and feature models Daan Duez, Jonas Glöer and Tae Min Park, with the latter three focusing on womenswear and starring Maike Inga, Gigi Hadid and Liu Wen.  A focus on cinema and photography unites the films, captured  by Willy Vanderperre, in collaboration with Benoit Debie and featuring an original score by Frederic Sanchez, Prada adds depth to the traditional fashion campaign like never before.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Live from Milan. Tune in and watch as Alessandro Michele presents his Autumn Winter 2019 collection for Gucci. Known for his visually exquisite vintage-inspired designs and experiential sets, we’re predicting that Michele’s latest spectacle is one you won’t want to miss.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Holly Ryan teams up with Pared Eyewear to create a pair of artistic shades like no other. The Serra pair features an oversized classic oval shape with handmade acetate frame and signature Holly Ryan silver metal squiggle detail arms at the temple. A special piece for you or a friend. HOLLY RYAN X PARED EYEWEAR sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     It’s the coming of age story you wish was your own. Suburban dreams with a sprinkling of the world’s biggest stars, all living life in their Calvin’s. This is the fantasy that Calvin Klein creates with its latest campaign, Our Now. Featuring both its underwear and denim collections, the clip stars icons such as A$AP Rocky, Anna Ewers, Kendall Jenner and Shawn Mendes, alongside new faces Noah Centineo, Jiali Zhao, Lulu Tenney, Ernesto Cervantes, Fernando Albaladejo and Timo Baumann. The 90s high school throwback feel is heightened thanks to a soundtrack from New Order; their classic True Faith adding a retro feel and a lo-fi timbre that oozes nostalgia and takes us back to the days of listening to the car radio while dreaming of another life. Subtly choreographed, there are understated hints of dance and movement expertly intertwined by the film’s cinematographer, Glen Luchford, with moments of passion underscored by moments of stillness – suburban life in a liminal space has never been so enthralling and relatable. Melanie Ward’s styling enable the CK pieces to feature as their own character within the clip, while the action on screen has us intermittently forgetting we are watching an ad at all. The film’s fleeting musical cameos feel intimate, with A$AP Rocky and Shawn Mendes’ voices juxtaposed against one another’s to manipulate their individual styles into one curated for the Calvin Klein brand. The clip perpetuates Calvin Klein’s attachment to the softer, quieter moments in life; continuously stripping back their models and featured celebrities to focus on the one thing we all have in common – being human, first and foremost.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Olivia Repaci     Escape to the 90s. Balenciaga brings back the tiny sunglasses and shoulder pads for artist and filmmaker Jon Rafman’s Spring Summer 19 homage to the ’99 classic, The Matrix. Utilising a low-budget, amateur film aesthetic, the short reimagines Neo and Trinity in some of the label’s already-iconic new season pieces. While the clip centres around a black braided handbag that must be obtained at any cost, there are ample sneak peaks of the collection’s retro design. Glimpses of sequinned Eiffel Tower shirts, boxy blazers and trench coats, monochrome and glitter galore make each piece all the more enticing against a backdrop of the high speed (and high stakes) sci-fi chase. The creative treatment of this collection is almost expected of the fashion house who are known for their slightly left of field visuals, designs and campaigns, and this one is equally out of this world.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: Zippora Seven @zippyseven; Farah Holt @farahholt.   From Andrea’s mission to save the planet to Zippora’s favourite band and Constance’s favourite decade. Whatever your style, off-duty calls for a vintage-inspired tee that can be handed down for generations to come. Slip into our select from STOREROOM VINTAGE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson At the crystal moon, at the red branch of the slow autumn at my window. Barely there but fully exposed.  PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson @ Union Management
MODEL Hannah Kleit @ Priscillas
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using R+Co
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid using Chanel  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   PHOTOGRAPHY Blair Getz-Mezibov.   Picnics on the rocks, salty skin on linen sheets or dining with friends under fairy lights. Here’s all we’re coveting this Valentine’s Day.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jess Blanch    PHOTOGRAPHY Chris Colls “I burn, I pine, I perish.” It’s not at all comforting to know we can actually die of a broken heart. A traumatic emotional stressor can be enough to cause physical damage to this precious organ. It has the fancy name of takotsubo cardiomyopathy but explains the horrific stories we hear of those otherwise healthy souls who leave this world suddenly after the loss of a loved one. For some, the pain is just too much to bear. And yet for others it might seem way, way harder to live on. Like Didion said, “A single person is missing for you and the whole world is empty.” Inside these pages we wallow in the misery of heartache. The suffering, melancholy, anguish and grief. The key to surviving pain is to feel it, no? The throb of devastating loss, the pain and complexity of human relationships or simply the internal despair we feel when we have let ourselves down.  Romantic heartbreak – you know, the kind that has inspired over a billion songs – takes up some serious space as it is perhaps the most poetic, if not the most palatable.   Unless, of course, you happen to be going through it: that feeling of cosmic betrayal, the longing for something that no longer exists – or maybe never existed. Constantly dissecting things to figure out what actually happened, what went wrong and why. The anger that comes with deception and unfaithfulness, the eternal ache of bewilderment as to why this one person – when there are so many others that could be more attractive or appropriate – matters just so much. And – ‘hello, ego’ – the simple realisation that it had nothing to do with the other person, and everything to do with our ideas about ourselves.  When artist Tracey Emin shares with us here her musings on grief, memory, loss and spiritual love: “I wish I didn’t have to suffer” and “I made a neon once that said ‘It’s different when you are in love’. The feeling of love can cure and mend so many things, but the fear of a broken heart can be more damaging than a broken heart itself”, it begs the question of whether heartbreak isn’t ultimately what connects us all.  Is it not the real human experience to wear the scars of all that we’ve felt and ached for? Those moments and the memories are what make us part of this world and what help us to, in an extraordinary act of faith, find inner reserves to forge a way ahead no matter what. Without pain, would we ever feel rapture? Without our own stories to project on them, would all the songs and art that moves us so even matter at all?  Perhaps we need to embrace our hurting hearts, abandon that fear of love and loss and take that walk down heartbreak beat knowing it’s okay to say, “I don’t want to get over you.” The Heartbreak Issue is available for purchase here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Tiffany releases the Tiffany T True bracelets and rings. The collection features the iconic T motif on interlocking chains and is available in 18k yellow, white and rose gold with a faceted finish. Refined yet bold, Tiffany speaks a powerful truth. Because Valentine’s Day should be everyday. TIFFANY & CO. Tiffany T True ring in gold and rose gold and Tiffany T True bracelet in gold and rose gold.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS India Baker     Embark on a road trip, watch the sunrise and sunset as you gaze out of the window of your candy red station wagon and revel in the freedom of Bally’s Spring Summer 19 film campaign. Rich in nostalgia for those care-free adventures and long summer days full to the brim of possibility, the film features Bally’s classic combination of old school tartans, clean line jumpsuits and leather suitcases paired with an athletic twist. Throw your bag in the trunk and let’s go.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Georgia Fowler @georgiafowler; Gigi Ringel @gigiringel.   We’ve been reminiscing about those primary school days and the strings of shell necklaces we’d wear, and now our favourite trend is all grown up. Whether choker style like Vittoria or Georgia or tied around the ankle à la Gilda, no matter your take a tropical getaway is incomplete unless it’s paired with a delicate strand of your favourite ocean treasures. Channel that castaway spirit with our favourite TOHUM necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Captured on the heritage site of White Horse Hill In South-West England, Alexander McQueen’s Spring Summer 19 campaign is eerily beautiful and infused with the late designer’s anomalous vision. Gothic yet feminine, traditional yet contemporary, the collection is a tribute to enduring style and empowered women everywhere. The campaign features models Lara Stone and Kesewah Aboah adorned in heavy jewellery, studded leather boots and lemon lace. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan The Fendi Baguette is back and it’s bringing early 2000s nostalgia with it. The iconic shoulder bag has been re-released in an array of sizes, colours, fabrics and patterns, featuring the classic Fendi logo magnetic clasp, 3D texture and a detachable shoulder strap. Back in our lives for a reason – Fendi now and forever. FENDI bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Annalee Porter      SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   Aimee-Cherie Intimates @aimeecherie_intimates.   Whether you’re celebrating your love, your friends or yourself, this Valentine’s Day starts with you and what’s underneath. We’ve rounded up our favourite plus ones for a guaranteed love affair. Lingerie has never felt so effortless with the help of barely-there, noughties-inspired bralettes and briefs from Aimee-Cherie Intimates. For all your satin daydreams, look no further than two-tone silk chiffon separates in matching jewel tones by Araks. If comfort is the key to your heart the Baserange is the one for you – relax into the touch and feel of bamboo jersey and velour (hotpants that is). Lonely Lingerie has something for each of us, from intricate lace and flowers to underwire-free bras and bold briefs to suit every size. If you’re after something a little more cosmic, adorn yourself in an array of stars from Stella McCartney. All you need this year is love, and lingerie. Yours, truly.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “We’re going to the beach …
We go to a place only fishermen know.
What is it called?
Heaven’s Mouth.
It’s a slice of heaven here on earth.
Tropical.
A slice of heaven on earth,
With roots …
You should come with us.
Is there a place to sleep?
Yes, on a bed of sand, warm and smooth …
Under a starry sky. In luxury.
We can drink coconuts and bring some forties.
Forties?
Big bottles of beer …” – Y Tu Mamá También Take home a slice of bliss with your own RUSSH x Nathan Smith Paradising tee. Designed in Sydney by Nathan Smith and crafted out of 100 per cent cotton, the unisex t-shirts are available for a limited time – get yours now here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT There’s no business like show business. Gucci unveils its Spring Summer 2019 campaign with a bang. Paying homage to Hollywood’s Golden Age and the emergence of celebrity culture, director Glen Luchford draws inspiration from the likes of Fred Astaire, Marilyn Monroe and Ginger Rogers. With all the guts and glamour of Broadway, this is a production in itself featuring Gucci’s scrupulous attention to detail. Be mesmerised amidst a sea of gold sequin dresses, 40s tailored suits and diamonds galore. Press play. Creative Director: Alessandro Michele
Art Director: Christopher Simmonds
Photographer/Director: Glen Luchford
Hair Stylist: Paul Hanlon
Makeup Artist: Isamaya Ffrench  IMAGES & VIDEO
AN AMERICAN IN PARIS: TM & © Turner Entertainment Co. (s19)
SINGIN’ IN THE RAIN: TM & © Turner Entertainment Co. (s19)
THE BAND WAGON: TM & © Turner Entertainment Co. (s19)
GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES © 2019 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation.
THERE’S NO BUSINESS LIKE SHOW BUSINESS © 2019 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation.
COVER GIRL © 2019 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   VIDEO MUSIC
“THERE’S NO BUSINESS LIKE SHOW BUSINESS” by Irvin Berlin © Berlin Irving Music Corp.
Courtesy of Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Whether for balmy beach days or sophisticated garden lunches, the Beatrice hat by Janessa Leoné is one to hold onto for years to come. This boater style hat is made from open weave straw and finished with a natural bleach tone and raw unfinished edge designed to fray with wear. Simple and refined, let the Beatrice do the talking. JANESSA LEONÉ hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The Virgin Australia Melbourne Fashion Festival has released the winners of its prestigious Film Festival Award, with six locally made short films selected alongside four international entrants. The winners’ list includes: Gotta Be Bonds, directed by Gracie Otto (AUS)
Pastel Lake, directed by Georgina Solomon
Zoofari, directed by Ribal Hosn
Makers Who Inspire: Paul Vasileff, directed by Henry Thong
IRVRSBL, directed by Ramon Watkins
Be Ready, directed by Giacomo Boeri and Matteo Grimaldi
The Performers act III: Charlie Heaton, directed by Albert Moya
Recognition, directed by Helen Clemens
The Postman Dreams 2, directed by Autumn de Wilde
The Greatest Luxury, directed by Kathryn Ferguson To celebrate the finalists, VAMFF will host a Fashion Film Award Screening and Discussion, presented by RUSSH. Filmmakers will have the chance to discuss the topic of Fashion Film as a genre and explore the ongoing negotiation between art and fashion. Supported by Val Morgan, the discussion will take place at Melbourne’s Australian Centre for the Moving Image (ACMI) on Saturday, March 2 from 8pm. Tickets will be available to purchase shortly. Watch a selection of the winning films below. Gotta Be Bonds (directed by Gracie Otto)
A day in the life of Cold Springs. Watch the inhabitants of this remote little town as they go about their day. Cold Springs is a small, dusty town off a beaten track, where for years the locals have stripped down to their underwear to beat the heat, and now the youth population have created an edgy sub-culture of beautiful people who wear the latest Bonds Originals. Pastel Lake (directed by Georgina Solomon)
This film is a jovial look back in time by two endearing ladies reminiscing on the past. Framed in a studio setting constructed to be a small ballet arrangement utilising many pastel colours and a racially diverse cast of models who together create a fun and modern look…. the secondary focus is the relationship between type and image… and how a image’s meaning can be perceived many ways depending on the overlaid typography. The Postman Dreams 2 (directed by Autumn de Wilde)
Autumn de Wilde reteamed with Prada for the 2017 holiday season for the second campaign in her popular The Postman Dreams short film series. Written and directed by de Wilde and starring Elijah Wood and featuring Emma Roberts, Sasha Frolova, Amber Valletta, and Natalia Dyer, The Postman Dreams 2 is a humorous and whimsical showcase of branded content for a luxury brand. Comprised of two stories and eight films in total, the dreamy films follow The Postman (Wood) as he attempts to deliver the Prada Galleria bag to our fashion influencers and their great delight. Here, de Wilde devises her own imaginary vistas and mise en scène, inspired not just by her own obsessions but those of others.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   PHOTOGRAPHY Hugo Comte.   Like the very first time. Starring Stella Tennant, Fran Summers and Rianne von Rompaey, Riccardo Tisci releases his first campaign for the house of Burberry. Pulling together six photographers to each capture the campaign through their own unique lens, Tisci captures the multigenerational appeal of the heritage brand.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Walk the line in Goya’s whisky patent croc slide. Featuring a chunky rubber boot sole for long wear and durability, and signature ankle strap, these warm weather essentials are handmade in Spain and inspired by traditional Spanish shoes such as the menorquina or albarca. With a modern and comfortable approach to design, there’s no need to tread lightly. GOYA shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Luxury online retailer Farfetch has teamed up with Spanish maison Balenciaga to launch the brand’s exclusive collection, consisting of 110 ready-to-wear pieces (including shoes and accessories) for men, women and children. Committed to encouraging social awareness for our human responsibility to care and nurture our planet, Balenciaga is standing up against fast fashion, highlighting the detrimental impact that it has on our environment. This imaginative collection channels that energy of all that lives in our world, such as tees and bags that feature illustrations of some of our planet’s most endangered species, including the Blue Whale and the Asian Elephant. The collection is devoid of all leather and fur – just pure Balenciaga genius and all available to shop now.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski    PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com From circus acrobats to whimsical runways and not-so subtle slogans. We round up the best of Haute Couture SS 19 in Paris. A luxury pool party we’d all love to attend. CHANEL
Karl Lagerfeld gave the audience a reprieve from the icy outdoors and brought summer back by way of a grand Italian villa. The collection consisted of handwoven tweeds, pleated hemlines, light floral embroidery, ostrich feathers, ruffles and cardigan jackets. However it was the bride that stole the show in the form of Vittoria Cerretti resplendent in a silver embroidered floral one-piece swimsuit and draping veil. A ceremony for the ages. Roll up, roll up, to the Dior Big Top Circus. CHRISTIAN DIOR
A fantastical affair by Maria Grazia Chiuri for Christian Dior’s Haute Couture SS 19 runway. Models donned sequinned head caps and dark eyeliner, like fashion-forward circus performers. The collection featured gold cascading gowns, sequin embellishments and beautiful suited tailoring. Throw in the jaw dropping acts of Mimbre, London’s all-women troupe of circus acrobats, and you’ve got a show to be remembered. Couture in waves. GIAMBATTISTA VALLI
Giambattista Valli brought a sea of alternating silhouettes for Haute Couture SS 19. From the ever iconic voluminous tulle tiered gowns and long trains to the slimmer, shorter dresses with puff sleeves and shoulders. Add in the mix some sequins, embroidery and array of eclectic headpieces. One of each please. Pieces for now and forever. GIVENCHY
A sleek, modern and sophisticated collection by Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy’s Haute Couture SS 19 collection.  Architectural tailoring showed contrasting lapels on blazers, oversized bows that seconded as backpacks, structured lace and latex pieces that looked almost painted on. Pops of colour made an appearance too, but weren’t overpowering, for pieces to treasure always. Do you believe in magic? VALENTINO
A show that brought even Celine Dion to tears, with a show stopping closing look worn by none other than Naomi Campbell. Pierpaolo Piccioli’s Valentino Haute Couture runways have been a favourite these past few seasons, and with his SS 19 offering full of rich colour, heavy voluminous gowns, ruffles, lace and florals, this collection was no different. The highlight? Those petals delicately framing the models eyes, extending their lashes far and beyond. A magical, tear-jerking affair. Let the dresses do the talking. VIKTOR & ROLF
Viktor & Rolf are saying what we’re all thinking. The aptly named Fashion Statements Haute Couture SS 19 collection by Viktor Horsting and Rolf Snoeren showcased voluminous bright hued tiered tulle gowns featuring the words we’ve all been dying to say. From No photos please, Give a damn, I’m sorry I’m late I didn’t want to come, I am my own muse and, our personal favourite, No.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan An elevated shade. Pom’s Giro sunglasses in brown are crafted from the highest quality Italian and Japanese acetates, complete with Carl Zeiss lenses. The Giro also brings back our favourite Poms signature: the dangling Swarovski charms cut from crystal glass, created by melting a mix of quarts and soda to produce rainbow reflections when the light catches the crystal. Colour me happy. POMS sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   From left: Joan Smalls @joansmalls; Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah.   Layer up, layer up. From Joan’s mixed metals and stones, Adwoah’s gold explosion and Vittoria’s colour fusion. Why settle for one chain when you can have two, or three or four? More is more. ISABEL MARANT necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS India Baker     Steven Meisel teams up with Givenchy once more for the brand’s SS 19 film campaign, I Am Your Mirror. Givenchy’s artistic director Clare Waight Keller’s collection is a deliberate blur between womens and menswear, the designer being a strong advocate for gender fluidity in the fashion world. With some tongue in cheek direction, this fast-paced black and white feature showcases Givenchy’s bold and unapologetic attitude – think heavy-duty leather bags, some killer diamond sunglasses and patent leather pants. We like what we see in the mirror.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan The ocean breeze beckons. Carry the beach with you wherever you go with Reliquia’s South Island necklace featuring shell charms on a thick gold chain. This is no subtle statement, worn to be seen and to celebrate summer all long. RELQUIA necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS India Baker     RUSSH muse Giedre Dukauskaite cuts an empowered figure in Zimmerman’s new Spring 19 film campaign. Drifting into the unknown, we explore a vibrant city coated in pastels and alive with the beat of drums through her eyes, dressed in sheer paisley blouses, cream crochet skirts, a western style red tuxedos and gold embroidered shirting. The collection casts a delicate femininity over traditionally masculine pieces with a twist of the 70s. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS India Baker     Draped in velvet on an urban adventure, actor Jared Leto and singer-songwriter Lana Del Ray star in Gucci’s new campaign for dual fragrances Guilty Pour Homme and Guilty Pour Femme. Directed by Glen Luchford, the film captivates from first frame. Del Rey, resplendent in crystals, sips coffee at a Twin Peaks-esque diner, a tiger wanders nonchalantly past the dancing duo in a laundrette, Leto channels his inner child on a supermarket spree and coffee is poured by the one and only Courtney Love. Transforming the innocuous into the extraordinary, nothing has ever felt more Gucci.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Green with envy. Maryan Nassir Zadeh’s Olympia snakeskin wedge is our new party favourite. Featuring perspex foot panels and comfortable arch, these are perfect when paired with your sequin mini dress. For dancing ’til dawn. MARYAN NASSIR ZADEH shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Raela presents its first launch collection through film, showcasing their eclectic mix of handbags in a dreamy bush-to-beach hidden escape. Captured by Holly Graham and featuring woven tote bags, resin bracelet handles, metal cases and beading, Raela’s collections engage in ethical practices and honour the environment with part of the proceeds of every bag sold being donated to each of Raela’s two charity partners: Thandi House (South Africa) and Kasturi & Mehfuza Charitable Trust (India). Take care.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Georgia Fowler @georgiafowler; Bella Hadid @bellahadid.   Beach season is far from over. Make like these off-duty muses and spice up your swimwear with classic red bikini. From Natasha’s dark stripes to sandy beach days with Elsa’s mix and match – whatever your style, let the red bikini be your new holiday staple. Into the fire. Hit the water in our favourite bikini by HAIGHT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan A hard case clutch like no other. The Alexa Bag from Respiro Studio takes shape in a tortoiseshell case with a hard handle and detachable chain strap. A vintage-inspired staple accessory for now and forever. RESPIRO STUDIO bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Long, hot days by the pool, summer fruits and the ultimate Tigerlily girl. Model, actress and singer-songwriter Sarah Ellen has produces, styles and directs Tigerlily’s Summer 2019 campaign film celebrating its new collection, Jardin. Captured by Ribal Hosn and featuring good friend Rae Rodriguez, Jardin is inspired by the lush botanic gardens of Marrakesh and features the brand’s signature prints and textiles in swimwear and ready-to-wear pieces. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Following the launch of Moncler’s Genius initiative in 2018, the brand releases its third of eight unique capsule collections designed by London-based talent Craig Green. Synonymous with a modern, futuristic aesthetic, Green took inspiration from the attire of alpine mountaineers, tents and kites, and crafted a collection of sculptural suits in a palette of primary colours. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan The delicate touch. Cartier releases a slimmer version of its iconic Juste Un Clou bracelets – available in pink and yellow gold, the now-flexible bracelet wraps around the wrist in a single motion. Perfect for the everyday. CARTIER bracelet in gold and rose gold  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS India Baker     Jason Lee Parry delights us with another signature dusky production previewing Rue Stiic’s new collection, Hacienda – inspired by breezy coastlines, vast deserts, 70s Los Angeles, old Cadillacs and vintage femme prints. The film is a vision of faded palm trees, white cowboy boots, old school convertibles and summer dresses on the ultimate muse Delilah Parillo. View the new collection landing January 15.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT No where else on Earth we’d rather be. Off the grid, out of reception. Where the bush meets the ocean – this is where we journeyed for our Paradising issue. With model Aleyna Fitzgerald we swam the purest shores in the South Coast’s Huskisson, foraged for shells, wore treasured pearls with our favourite bikini and lived as though summer would never end. Captured by James Pillion, press play to see behind the scenes of our December / January issue.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Shanina Shaik @shaninamshaik; Elsa Hosk @hoskelsa.   Off-duty style calls for a little cold shoulder. Whether for beach days à la Emma, a leopard mini for Vegas nights like Shanina or for dancing in the rain in a co-ordinated set like Elsa, the versatile piece reads both modern and playful for the holiday heat. Embrace the one shoulder trend with our favourite select from ARAKS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Minimalism certainly has its place but sometimes the situation calls for more, more, more. Which is why we’re all about spreading our wings this season in Salvatore Ferragamo’s new shades: oversized butterfly tinted frames featuring metallic flower embellishment. Perfect for the summertime and channeling your inner Jackie Onassis. Fly high. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Could go this way, could go that way. Alison Sudol captures the narrative of her song The Quickening, demonstrating the fragility of decision making; how the little things can change everything, in Miu Miu’s Girl in Miu Miu series. Sudol roams around her apartment and emotionally progresses from feeling nostalgic and sentimental to guarded, almost hesitant with herself. Agile in a dream wardrobe of Miu Miu pieces from the brand’s Croisere 19 collection, Sudol ponders over the contents of a letter that seems to impinge on her every emotion. Press play to feel it all.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Alessandra Ambrosio @alessandraambrosio; Bella Hadid @bellahadid.   No hat no play. The straw beach hat continues to dominate our summer wardrobes. From Alexa’s cowboy-inspired chapeau to Georgia’s boater style and Roberta’s oversized take – whatever the shape, let the straw beach hat be your companion this season. Be sun safe in our pick from COMMUNTIE hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS India Baker     Director Nathalie Canguilhem produces an eerie yet provocative intensity like no other for Saint Laurent’s Spring Summer 19 film campaign, starring Kaia Gerber and Mica Argañaraz. A thrilling composite of a dry desert maze made up of chalk pathways to a glitter-clad house party worthy of Saint Laurent’s sequins, bowler hats and iconic blazers. Become bewildered inside this mad world and never be the same again. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Those staple vintage-inspired jewellery pieces to wear for days on end. Celine unveils its Clous Octogonal thin bangle and Chaïne large diamonté ring – both rendered in brass with a vintage gold finish. Pair with your everyday jeans and white tee combo, or a slip dress for those hot disco nights. Paris in the summer. CELINE cuff and ring.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Georgia Fowler @georgiafowler; Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah.   Bike shorts are back, and not just for exercising. Embrace the 90s nostalgia like our off-duty favourites Vittoria and Adwoa. Ride on. Work the trend yourself with our favourite pair from BURBERRY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan The bag to surpass all others. Cult Gaia presents its acrylic Luna shoulder bag. Featuring a removable beaded shoulder strap and hinged flap top for an accessory to use all summer long. Vacation ready. CULT GAIA bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Roberta Pecoraro @robertapecoraro; Emily Ratajkowski @emrata.   Morning swims, or catching lazy afternoon rays. Choose a classic striped towel for your waterside off-duty essential. Try on our pick from TURKISH MURKISH.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Designed for sandy days and summer nights. The Otago slide from St Agni is handmade from buttery soft leather and features a cotton ankle tie for extra security. Best worn with light linens and salty skin. ST AGNI shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Just when you thought 90s nostalgia had reached it’s peak, the Slim Butterfly sunglasses by Max Mara are here to make you fall in love with the throwback trend all over again. Inspired by the bandage style sunglasses worn by style icons like Julia Roberts and Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy, the sporty shape has been given a modern update with sleek, clean lines and Max Mara’s signature prism detail on the temples. Your next pair of summer shades are waiting for you. MAX MARA sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Ophelie Guillermand @ophelieguillermand; Ratner @dear.ratner.   Second skin. From beachside mornings to festival nights, high-cut or knee-length, denim shorts are wardrobe staple for the ages. Make like Kaia and Georgia, and always pack your favourite pair of faded denim cut-offs. Try on our picks from RE/DONE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan It’s hard to go past that little blue box for Christmas, whether you’re looking to find the perfect gift for someone else, or just want to treat yourself to an exquisite piece of timeless jewellery. Tiffany’s latest holiday collection, Tiffany HardWear, is inspired by the urban edge of New York City and the subversive spirit of the women who call it home. Each modern, architectural piece features graduated gauge link details made from sterling silver, making it the perfect collection of elegant statement pieces that you can wear with just about anything. This Christmas, Tiffany and Co. have you covered. TIFFANY & CO. necklace and earrings.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Here’s lookin’ at you, kid. There was something about them all – the way they moved, the way they laughed – that captivated us from the first second. First there was Farah, “flaky, flighty, romantic, impulsive and passionate,” and Atty, who was “hardly without a book in my hand”. Isabell was the coolest girl in the room without ever trying, and Maggie seemed otherworldly in a way you could never replicate. Iowa beauty Jay gave us the best energy, Moa made us feel nothing but free and Phoenix told us all the best places to go dancing in NYC, before designer and muse Mari opened up about her Brazilian upbringing and winemaker Michele (Kissser to her friends) got us seriously considering a sparkly eyeshadow for the holiday season. Here, the Faces of 2018 in motion, soundtracked by Jack Grace’s Us. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   LE LABO fragrance and skincare.   There’s nothing harder than buying for the ones you love. For your brother, father, friend or lover – we round up the quick gifts, the luxury items and the things we secretly want to steal.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The glimmer of gold ribbon laced with wire. Under and over, under and over. Considered yet spontaneous, sublime in its inconsistencies. An embodiment of Cartier’s design philosophy – making the ordinary extraordinary – Sydney-based weaver and muse Poppy Kural turned an Australian staple, the beach hat, into a piece to be treasured. What once was an inanimate object is now a living, breathing work of art, shimmering under the Australian sun.  In celebration of the collaboration and as a tribute to Cartier’s Juste un Clou collection, we chased the light to the brink of the ocean, and against the natural beauty of Sydney’s shoreline captured the custom piece in all of its unpredictable perfection.  PHOTOGRAPHY Michael Brunt
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Saadi Eva Schimmel @ Priscillas
HAIR Joel Forman @ Lion Artist Management
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Lion Artist Management
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Magnolia Minton Sparke  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   C.W. JAMES accessories.   You’re my only one. And I love the things. I really love the things that you do. Ooh you’re my best friend. From face masks to wine time, sleepwear and the perfect accessories. We round up 11 gift ideas for your mother, sister or your best friend.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      Walk this way. Calvin Klein Jeans hits its stride in these Western inspired turquoise cowboy boots. Featuring pointed toes, a block heel and the CK logo on the rubber sole, this is the kind of footwear that demands to be seen. Calvin Klein cowboys forever. CALVIN KLEIN 305W39NYC shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit; Shanina Shaik @shaninamshaik.   Summer days, summer nights, and a floral print fit for every occasion. From dreamy tropical getaways with Bambi to picnics in the park with Roberta, or some late night vacation R’n’R with Hailey. Whatever your off-duty style this season, florals are forever in bloom. Embrace the flower power with our select from PREEN LINE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   AESOP x HENRY WILSON Brass Oil burner, PHOTOGRAPHY @aesopskincare.   The holiday season is a period of time that comes steeped in desire. Yet for minimalists, maximalists and anyone else who’s perfected the contents of their space this year, sometimes we feel like we already have everything we need. This year we’re keeping it simple with these 10 gift ideas that aim to do nothing but please: think Villa26’s transparent pool chairs and Aesop x Henry Wilson Studio’s brass oil burner. Necessity be damned, let’s give into desire.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan A little vintage allure and sparkle for your day-to-day? Yes please. The Viv’ Mary Janes by Roger Vivier, crafted in smooth bordeaux velvet with a luxurious crystal embellished buckle, are the perfect addition to any outfit requiring comfort and elegance. Put your best foot forward and last through the night this festive season. ROGER VIVIER shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Nineties super Amber Valletta and Saint Laurent have long been synonymous with bold sensibilities and sex appeal, so it’s no surprise Valletta was tapped as the face of the brand’s SS 19 film campaign, captured by David Sims. Iggy Pop’s instantly recognisable vocals soundtrack the monochromatic film, with Valletta poised to take on anything as she stares brazenly into the camera, sweeping bands of hair across over smoky eyes. Wearing nothing other than a chain mail leopard mini, we can’t help but give it our full attention. You should too.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   From left: Karen Elson @alexachung; Josephine Skriver @josephineskriver.   The annual British Fashion Awards, undoubtedly the biggest event in British fashion, drew a captivating crowd of industry insiders and models to London’s iconic Royal Albert Hall this week. Think RUSSH cover stars Karen Elson and Jourdan Dunn in Alexander McQueen and 16arlington (respectively), Fran Summers in a cascading Valentino and a powder blue-suited Edie Campbell. With the coveted Model of the Year awarded to Kaia Gerber, accompanied by mother and original super Cindy Crawford, it was certainly a night to remember.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Model, writer and musician Alys Hale on long nights, the Modern Lovers and the welcome intensity of an endless summer. “Summer, to me, is long days, longer nights, night swims, less layers, more sweat, heavy air and a sense of adventure.” “Summer love is different because you tend to feel more free, you feel as though it will never end.” “I know it’s summer when I can leave the house without a jacket and everyone looks beautiful. When things heat up I embrace it whole-heartedly. I love intensity, heat and all that comes with it.” “My ultimate songs of summer are Wouldn’t It Be Nice by the Beach Boys, Cet Air-Là by France Gall, I’m Straight by Jonathan Richman and the Modern Lovers, Tropical Hot Dog Night by Captain Beefheart & his Magic Band, Peaches by the Stranglers.” PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Alys Hale
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Lion Artist Management using Charlotte Tilbury and De Lorenzo
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Sheree Porter  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Alana Zimmer @zimzimzimmer; Daphne Groeneveld @daphnegroeneveld.   Ease and comfort: it’s the Australian way. And according to the SS 19 runways and our off-duty model muses, you don’t specifically need to be on a beach to get away with wearing a pair of thongs. From Aline’s sunny park visits, Caroline’s hair prep days and Alana’s bike ride through Belize – keep your feet happy in summer’s best accessory. Embrace the trend in a pair from TKEES  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Hermès has opened a new luxury boutique in Chadstone – The Fashion Capital, and to celebrate has embarked upon its eighth collaboration with Australian artist Anna-Wili Highfield. In line with the brand’s equestrian heritage, Highfield has designed Pegasus, a mechanical sculpture composed of brass, canvas, feathers and exclusive Hermès Barenia leather for the boutique’s window. A perfect match, Hermès and Highfield have spent years together, joined by their adoration of all creatures, large and small, from paper wolves to copper ravens. Pegasus is a metamorphosis of her previous works, evoking the spirit of change and evolution that lies at the heart of the French brand. With a true appreciation for the creative process, as Highfield has previously told RUSSH, “If you can see how something was made then it makes you wonder about how it was made more … everybody knows that feeling of creating something and just feeling the electricity of that, and that’s the best part for me”. We are all dreaming for an orange box this Christmas and with the new store, we are that little bit closer. Press play to watch Pegasus come to life.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Dior girls do it better. With their vintage-inspired feel reminiscent of the 70s, the Dior Stellaire 1 sunglasses feature wide square lenses with an ultra-thin metal frame for a light-weight feel, and a coral coloured tint for seeing the world in the most beautiful shade. Best worn for poolside at the Beverly Hills Hotel or for dramatic effect while slipping out to do the shopping. In other words, dial it up to 100. CHRISTIAN DIOR sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price I am a fire under wind, I am a lion deep within. Captured by photographer Adrian Price in Singapore and wrapped up in her favourite pieces from Louis Vuitton’s Resort 19 collection, model Sofia Fanego is the epitome of effortless luxury. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Sofia Fanego @ Kult Australia
HAIR & MAKEUP Marc Teng  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ivona Alavanja    PHOTOGRAPHY Daidō Moriyama SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      Saint Laurent is revered the world over for its distinctive and idiosyncratic sartorial attitude, and its latest project, SELF, is no different. Curated masterfully by creative director Anthony Vaccarello, the project asks handpicked artists to respond to the brand’s essence and ethos within their chosen medium, depicting the multi-faceted Saint Laurent woman, and allowing the brand to act as a vessel for the creativity that exists in the world by building a platform through which it can be seen. The first contributor for SELF is photographer Daidō Moriyama – a prominent and highly influential figure in Japan during the 60s. Renowned for capturing contrasting black and white stills that utilised themes revolving around post-war issues, Moriyama takes us to the streets of Japan for his series, photographing models dressed in Saint Laurent traversing the streets with rapid flair. The collaboration orchestrated by Vaccarello for SELF is pure alchemy; both Saint Laurent and Moriyama are well-recognised for their monochromatic style and rock appeal, and if Moriyama’s debut instalment is any indication, SELF is sure to spark the innate creativity that flows within us all.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ivona Alavanja     Italian opulence reigns in Salvatore Ferragamo’s new holiday film campaign, full of luxurious, timeless designs that display their rich heritage. Scenes bursting with rippling pleats and signature grosgrain Vara bows are tied together with energised tones, gold link chains are find their revival alongside printed leather and clean, fine lines, and retro silhouettes are made modern in revitalised design elements. All I want for Christmas is …  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Cathy Marshall Shape and form, light and dark. Her shadow follows wherever she goes. PHOTOGRAPHY Cathy Marshall
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Nynke Slegers @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Isabella Schimid
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Melissa Robinson With special thanks to Sun Studios.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   Cedar Organics @cedarorganics.   Slow it down baby. It’s 2018 and the sustainable choice should be second to none. Here we’ve compiled the brands we look to for a better fit – not just for ourselves, but also the air, the earth and the sea. Go back to basics with some naturally dyed, organic cotton separates from Pansy Co and Cedar Organics, boasting totally transparent and local supply chains. Or skip straight to making a statement in Sydney’s own ethically produced Chief Studio prints, or Maison Cléo’s hand made silhouettes. For summer sartorial heaven, head to Reformation, who focus on waste prevention, fair working conditions and lowering their carbon foot print. See? Much better.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jess Blanch    PHOTOGRAPHY Henrik Purienne “We’re going to the beach …
We go to a place only fishermen know.
What is it called?
Heaven’s Mouth.
It’s a slice of heaven here on earth.
Tropical.
A slice of heaven on earth,
With roots …
You should come with us.
Is there a place to sleep?
Yes, on a bed of sand, warm and smooth …
Under a starry sky. In luxury.
We can drink coconuts and bring some forties.
Forties?
Big bottles of beer …” Each summer is an invitation. Like the one from this scene in Cuarón’s Y Tu Mamá También. Anticipated. Fantasised. But never turning out quite as expected.
And so here we are, again, ready once more to shed all we’ve been carrying around and surrender to that euphoric kiss of optimism about to wash over us. This will be the one; the summer we’ll remember as when our life began. Of time slowing while we take long swims, sand finding its way to places it should never go, eating and drinking from the earth and embracing a lawlessness that tells us we are more than alive.
Feeling the warmth of the sun to our very core, we’ll not just read – but inhabit – our books, say things that will make no sense when the weather changes, laugh generously, rekindle friendships and sip cool drinks on warm rooftops where the breeze will blow our hair across our face and the right person will brush it away. It will be as close to utopia as it ever gets and the only thing it will leave behind is the wonder of whether it can live on inside us. It’s called Paradising.
And, for this moment, we’ll believe it can last forever. The Paradising Issue, available for purchase here. PHOTOGRAPHY Henrik Purienne MODEL Camille Rowe @ GIRL mgmt.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT First you will come to the Sirens who enchant all who come near them. – Homer. The pale, nautical colours of Christopher Esber‘s Resort 19 collection get given a darker, alluring backstory by director Joel Burrows and RUSSH Special Projects Editor, Alys Hale. Rather than singing to sailors, the Siren draws you in with her eyes, distracts you with shapes that billow like sails and details that break like foam upon the shore. Fall through portals and find yourself in a place that is uncomfortably beautiful and unsettlingly familiar.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan The Hammock bag by Loewe is a modern classic: made from checkered wool tweed, calfskin leather and patched together with macramé stitching, the eye-catching bag perfectly bridges the gap between being a statement piece and a timelessly cool accessory. Multifunctional and versatile, the Hammock can be worn tucked under the shoulder, carried by hand or even worn cross-body for maximum comfort to suit any style or outfit, while its discreet external compartments make it the perfect bag to just grab and go. The Hammock, among other Loewe favourites, are available at the now-opened Sydney Loewe boutique. LOEWE bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Staz Lindes @yostazyo; Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah.   The tie-dye print is back to feed your craving for 60s nostalgia. No longer reserved for surfers, hippies, ravers and skaters, this summer the psychedelic print takes the form of muted pastels, tri-tone colour waves or full-on rainbow-fantasies, for whatever mood you’re in. Best worn as a classic oversized tee like RUSSH favourites Valentina, Anja and Ruby-Jean, or combined with another throwback staple – the bucket hat – like Staz and Adwoa. The skies the limit and the colour wheel is yours for the taking this season. Embrace the spirit with our select from PROENZA SCHOULER  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Givenchy’s bold new campaign film for its Spring 19 Pre-Collection revives 70s-inspired styling and modernist subtlety with the help of artistic director Clare Waight Keller. Embarking on a journey that seeks to discover the relationship between architecture and fashion, the film brings to life form and colour within each collection piece by creating dynamic compositions against textured backdrops of brutalist buildings within nature. We see the rebirth of vibrant coats, crisp lines and boots that walk with a purpose; all captured on Super 8 film that injects it with that old-fashioned flair we love. Play on repeat.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   Alexander Wang @alexanderwangny.   Bare your legs and brave the heat in some of the best shorts this season has to offer. Alexander Wang wants you to channel you inner-biker chick this summer, with street style-approved leather pedal pushers and stone wash denim hot pants. For that classic 90s silhouette it’s hard to go past Nobody Denim’s high-rise relaxed fit, or a pair of cut-off 501s reworked by cult label RE/DONE. However, if you’re after something a little bit more structured and sophisticated, Na Nin’s pleated and pocketed shorts have got you covered, while Shona Joy’s boxy white pair will have you looking crisp and sharp even on the warmest days. Keep things cool in Bassike’s breezy drawstring pair, and Zimmermann’s wide leg shorts, if you’re after something light to wear and easy to throw on. There are endless options, for an endless summer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Big in Japan. Because we know you want to be there: tune in from 10pm AEDT to stream Kim Jones’s Dior Men Pre-Fall 19 show, live from Tokyo.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The combination of an abandoned car-park and modish youth is an image that remains iconic. More than 40 favourite and fresh streetwear brands reside at the newly reopened  Lower Ground East Mall at Melbourne’s Chadstone – The Fashion Capital and a new campaign feat. tunes from RUSSH regulars Kayex, and models Thabani Mpofu and Bela Palacio, gives a taste of what to expect. Think luxury sportswear mixed in with classic silhouettes, and labels like Levi’s, Adidas Originals, Ray-Ban and I.AM.GIA at Universal Store. The ideal way to take it in is at this weekend’s launch party, across two nights on Friday 7 and Saturday 8 December, with complimentary food, drinks and a live performance by Kayex. Young hearts run free.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan At first glance the Lilith bag by Cult Gaia could easily be mistaken for an objet d’art, with its sculptural, see-through slats and glossy malachite green acrylic surface, but you would be wrong in thinking this little purse is strictly form over function. A statement bag that will take you from day through to night, it’s also designed to be completely collapsible making it the perfect purse to travel with. The Lilith bag will go wherever the summer may take you. CULT GAIA bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Tahnee Atkinson @tahnee711; Mica Argañaraz @micarganaraz.   Salty hair meets floral prints. Find your off-duty inspiration from Bambi and Mica and let the holiday season roll in. Try on our pick from ADRIANA DEGREAS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Lingering along the River Thames in London, Tamas Sabo uses RED digital film to capture a gauzy chronicle of Chanel’s Cruise 2019 campaign. Including the brand’s classic tweed two pieces, threaded pearl necklaces, boater hats, berets and of course their most-coveted quilted chain bags. A true representation of Chanel’s enduring style. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      How well do you really know me? Riccardo Tisci’s ongoing development of Burberry under a contemporary British lens reveals a delicate dynamic between traditional house codes and surprising elements as part of the AW 19 Pre-Collection. Concentrating on innovative tailoring in evening and outerwear, the pieces are simply designed to make men and women alike feel good. Silk and shearing in shades of warm honey, cherry red and dark moss, as well as the evolving presence of the trench coat, show a reverence for the heritage and a sophisticated anticipation for what is yet to come.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter     This Christmas Tiffany & Co. want to inspire you to believe in dreams again with their candy coloured holiday campaign, starring Zoë Kravitz. In this Alice in Wonderland inspired short, directed by Mark Romanek, we follow Kravitz as she drifts off into the whimsical world of the Tiffany & Co. holiday workshop encountering a star studded cast of colourful characters played by fashion favourites, Xiao Wen Ju, RUSSH cover star Karen Elson, Maye Musk and Naomi Campbell.    She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan For jewellery that’s more then just a decorative piece, it’s hard to look past By Charlotte’s Blessed Lotus collection of rings. Inspired by the company’s signature lotus symbol, each piece is crafted with a different spiritual purpose in mind, to both enlighten and empower the wearer. Made from gold plated silver, and battered to achieve an organic yet luxe finish, these delicate rings are best worn together and stacked up high, for a spiritual statement that packs a real punch. BY CHARLOTTE Devotion ring, Illuminate ring, Grace ring and Blessed Lotus ring.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   BALENCIAGA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   A little protection for when the drops begin to fall. Take some inspiration from the runway’s wet weather selection: from Balenciaga’s oversized silhouette, Maison Margiela’s transparent take or Prada’s intergalactic print. You won’t want that rain to go away. Throw on our picks from ISABEL MARANT, GANNI, PROENZA SCHOULER and MIRA MIKATI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Sophie Martin     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      New York-based Australian architect-turned-artist Jeremyville’s iconic cartoon-style illustrations come alive on sleek BOSS silhouettes for their latest, high-energy holiday campaign – their biggest of the year. In celebration of the festive season, this collaboration sees vibrant, coloured imagery of Jeremyville’s playful characters, including the famous bunny and a newly introduced pig, printed on a range of accessories such as backpacks, scarves, key rings and luggage tags. A strong believer in never getting comfortable, Jeremyville strives to continuously evolve as an artist, a notion evident in this dynamic collaboration, available at BOSS stores across Australia. If ever there was a case for opposites attracting in the best possible way, this is it.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A party we want an invite to. Petra Collins creates a glamorous 70s-inspired soiree fit for Gucci. Captured in Le Roi, a historic Italian ballroom, disco models are clad in oversized sunglasses, sequins and flawlessly clashing prints. Skateboarding through a sea of hot pink balloons, kissing under the fireworks and dancing to Cher: this is some multicoloured holiday magic. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price Drifting in and out of sleep is my favourite state to be. I can see you next to me and it is lovely.
Tailored meets masculine, light meets dark. In her favourite pieces from Resort 19, she’s the only one we’re dreaming about. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Maja Salamon @ Priscillas
HAIR Joel Forman @ Lion Artist Management
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Gigi Perry  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan In bloom. Designer Jennifer Behr’s Poppy earrings in our favourite shade of Cayenne are here to make a statement. Adorned with carefully constructed enamel florals, painted by hand and arranged in a tapered, triangular formation, these delicate pieces prove that when it comes to accessorising, sometimes it’s better to be bold. Reminiscent of the flowers worn in the hair of flamenco dancers, these are earrings we want to be wearing while dancing late into the night. JENNIFER BEHR earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter     Topshop brings the glamour for its latest campaign film, showcasing the 28-piece collection created in collaboration with London-based designer Michael Halpern. Set against the backdrop of a neon-lit carnival, the short film features a range of dresses embellished with Halpern’s signature sequins, in lush velvets and bold mixed prints, capturing the disco spirit of the 70s and the glamour of Studio 54. Let Topshop X Halpern take you for a ride.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Bella Hadid @bellahadid; Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit.   Take me to my beach. It’s the time of the year where we shed our winter layers and migrate down to the ocean, bringing with us only a towel, our favourite book, statement shades and of course, our favourite noir two-piece. As the mercury starts to rise, take your cues from the likes of Bella and Bambi – they know a sleek black bikini is the effortless way to go. Low fuss, high impact. Try on our pick from ROXANA SALEHOUN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price When she gives you that look. From fresh clear specs that say 70s chic, to those tortoiseshell shades destined to be summer essentials: we curate the best of Ellery’s latest collection for Specsavers. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Nynke Slegers @ IMG
HAIR Joel Forman @ Lion Artist Management using Davines Australia
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Lion Artist Management using Fenty Beauty
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Gigi Perry   Any two styles of ELLERY x SPECSAVERS glasses from $199.  ELLERY X SPECSAVERS 21 glasses.  ELLERY X SPECSAVERS 20 glasses.  ELLERY X SPECSAVERS 23 glasses.  ELLERY X SPECSAVERS RX 10 sunglasses.  ELLERY X SPECSAVERS RX 09 sunglasses.  ELLERY X SPECSAVERS RX 11 sunglasses.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan If you’re the kind of person who prefers timeless accessories you can wear year upon year, Sener Besim has crafted the perfect three-piece collection of delicate statement jewellery. Inspired by the architecture of the Ottoman and Byzantine Empires, as well as the clean lines and geometry of modernist sculptors Constantine Brancussi and Anish Kapoor, each piece has been wrought in 18 carat yellow gold, with the choker and cuff both featuring a delicate inset turquoise gemstone chosen specifically its spiritual properties. Mindful accessories for the modern woman. SENER BESIM choker, cuff and ring.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Kendall Jenner @kendalljenner; Juliette Perkins @juliette_perkins1.   The utilitarian trend is back in a big way. Cargo pants are the perfect addition to your wardrobe when you want to level up your street style, or for days when you simply don’t want to have to carry a purse around. Worn oversized and cinched at the waist, or low and slim cut, there are plenty of different silhouettes for this piece of the season. Opt for classic camo like Bella, Adwoa and Kendall, add a stripe of neon like Romee or even bright pink like Fiona, for a feminine spin on the combat classic. Try the look in our favourite pair of MAHARISHI pants  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT She’s the long-haired beauty from California whose deep blue eyes will have you mesmerised. Her laid back style, striking features and joyous spirit made Michele Ouelette the obvious choice for our Face of November. Looking effortlessly chic lounging in a polka dot dress, or walking the streets of NY in her ripped jeans, there’s no denying her unique flair and captivating energy. Get acquainted with our November Face in this short film directed by Sally Griffiths. See what we meant about the eyes? SEE THE FULL SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Creative Director Riccardo Tisci continues to put his own unique stamp on the British house of Burberry, this time with his Christmas campaign film Close Your Eyes and Think of Christmas. Shot in collaboration with artist and photographer Juno Calypso in her signature cinematic, eerie style, the short film takes us on a trip through Tisci’s London to witness intimate moments, seemingly lost in time. Lead by an all-star British cast including Naomi Campbell and her mother Valerie Morris-Campbell, Matt Smith, M.I.A. and Kristen Scott Thomas, this is a Christmas campaign that celebrates those quiet moments caught within the chaos.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood “I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.” Hazy sunrises and lazy days spent poolside. Come on in, the water’s fine. PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Emily Jean Bester @ CHIC Management  REMEDY KOMBUCHA Apple Crisp.  REMEDY KOMBUCHA Cherry Plum.  REMEDY KOMBUCHA Ginger Lemon.  REMEDY KOMBUCHA Ginger Lemon.  REMEDY KOMBUCHA Raspberry Lemonade.  KEMEDY KOMBUCHA Apple Crisp.  REMEDY KOMBUCHA Cherry Plum.  REMEDY KOMBUCHA Raspberry Lemonade.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   Meadowlark.   Whether a delicate chain across a sun-kissed décolletage or a cocktail ring worn with a white tee and faded denim, if there’s one thing we can be certain of this season it’s that jewellery will take centre stage. Here we’ve collected the fine jewellery brands making the pieces we could never leave behind. With the fluid form in mind, Balearic-based Etesian explores the interplay between silhouette and shadow with 24 carat gold pieces, hand finished in their island atelier, as Jasmin Sparrow evokes movement with her pendulum spheres and tassel earrings. Points of connection are emphasised by J Hannah’s pairing of gold and quartz to create sentimentalities made to last forever, and Meadowlark’s new collection Wild Rose, inspired by those close to home, uses natural and ethically sourced gemstones. If a curated treasure trove is what you’re searching for, look no further than the recent paring of Farfetch and Dover St Market, now digitally stocking a mix of emerging and established designers including Sophie Bille Brahe, Castro Smith and Simone Rocha.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT We head across the world with model Sofia Fanego, as she explores the energetic streets of Singapore wearing Louis Vuitton’s Resort 19 collection. The visually captivating short film, directed by filmmaker James Pillion, captures Fanego meeting locals, penning letters to home and even getting caught in the middle of a thunderstorm, perfectly encapsulating the excitement and sense of curiosity that comes with discovering a new city. You’ll feel as though you’re exploring Singapore for the first time too.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan From fashion’s most playful contender, Simon Porte Jacquemus, comes the Le Carino – a mini bucket bag made of sky blue leather, gold hardware and a suede interior that will keep anything secure. Everything we never knew we needed. JACQUEMUS bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sally Griffiths Golden State born and bred, our newest digital cover star is a California girl – the kind the Beach Boys sing about – who got the nickname ‘Kissser’ from an ex-boyfriend and is currently experimenting with what she calls “Year of the Bitch”: “It’s all about doing what you want, being direct, speaking up and taking care of business”. In other words, she’s our kind of woman. Across the country on the first crisp day of Autumn in Greenpoint, New York, we perused the vintage stores and provincial pooches, and got to know our Face of November: Michele Ouellet. After undertaking some modelling work alongside her mother and brother, Ouelett started getting regularly noticed by agents by age 15. “I started getting scouted a bunch and decided to meet with some agencies. I remember my soon-to-be agent flying up from L.A. to meet me and I was all sweaty having come literally straight off the volleyball court. Not ideal, but I guess it all worked out,” she laughs. “Of course there are tough and long days, but for the most part I have fun at work. It’s usually a lot of laughs and dancing and jokes on set, plus beautiful clothes. I’ve made amazing friends through the industry and seen the world.” “I’m closer with stylists and hair and makeup artists, generally. After working with the same teams for years you become a little family!” 
“About once a week, sometimes more, I turn on Prince’s Purple Rain full blast and have a therapeutic singing, dancing sesh. I will never get enough of that song.”
 A lover of the finer things, Ouellet owns and runs a wine company, Lorenza Rosé, with her mother (Lorenza is her middle name) and has a mouth-watering Instagram account dedicated to seriously good looking produce. “I grew up in Napa Valley. If you’ve ever been there, you know it’s pretty dreamy. It was amazing to be surrounded by great food and wine. I feel very lucky to have grown up in such a beautiful place that I will always love coming home to.” A Gemini through and through – “I’m very social and love running around” – Ouelett’s personal style echoes her sign. “My style is very Gemini – my outfits tend to change and evolve over the course of the day. In the same day I can start in a T-shirt, hoodie by Bianca Chandon and ripped old Levi’s and Adidas, and then end up in a head-to-toe leopard velvet suit by Libertine. I love some sparkle. My closet is filled with a lot of denim, white fluffy blouses, silky dresses and loafers by Newbark.” “I’d love to find some time to experiment with making some dreamy synthy sparkly music. I want to deepen my connection to my community and be a positive impact on the environment and those around me.” Though she’s chosen a career that has her in the beauty chair every job, Ouellet says she’s only recently “gotten into makeup”. “My friends laugh whenever I say that because I guess it still looks like I’m not wearing anything, but I’m loving a swipe of Laura Mercier Caviar Sticks in one of their bronzy shades above and under the eye. A little sparkle is so fun,” she says. “I also adore the peachy RMS pots on the eye. For this shoot actually the team was leaning towards an all-natural look, and I was like ‘Can we do some glitter bronzy eye action?’ Lucky for me they were into it.” Which, on reflection, sums our cover girl up perfectly: low maintenance on the surface but always willing to push the boundaries, step outside her comfort zone and make tracks towards the nearest fun. “I really love showing up on set where I don’t know anyone and meeting a whole new crew of characters.” 
“[I’m obsessed with] Champagne. The Great British Baking Show. Omakase.”
 PHOTOGRAPHY Sally Griffiths
FASHION Olivia Kozlowski
MODEL Michele Ouellet @ Heroes NYC
HAIR Takuya Yamaguchi using R+Co
MAKEUP Ayaka Osenkov using M.A.C  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      The embodiment of Scandi-cool, it-girls Jeanette Madsen and Thora Valdimar have been front row fixtures and notable figures in the fashion scene for years. Now the Danish duo have teamed up as creative directors for their own line, Rotate, in collaboration with Cophenhagen-based concept boutique Birger Christensen. Their debut collection, made up of feminine, street style approved, trans-seasonal dresses can be layered during the day, or dressed up for a night out—just in time for the festive season. Get it before anyone else, Rotate’s Pre-Spring 2019 collection is available to buy exclusively through Net-a-Porter from November 14.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Ruby Aldridge @rubyaldridge; Camille Rowe @fingermonkey.   Animal print is back, in all coats and colours, but did it ever really go away? A classic staple for any wardrobe, our model muses prove that there are still plenty of ways to show off your wild side this summer. Whether flexing your stripes like Adwoa or Camille, relaxing like Kaia or beachside like Ruby, a touch of animal print effortlessly elevates any outfit and sets you apart from the pack. Make like the king of the jungle in our favourite ALEXA CHUNG jeans.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   Roxana Salehoun.   It’s the garment we’re forever reaching for come summer; also known as your second skin (for when you can’t skinny dip that is). To help you choose the perfect piece we’re rounding up the swim campaigns that have reignited our lust for lycra. If pool-side glamour is your priority look no further than Roxana Salehoun, all vintage-inspired frills, belts and glitter, and for something you’ve never seen before consider the Camilla and Marc x Ephemera range, captured by here Jessica James, featuring intricate one pieces and even a plaid number. Assembly Label swim has the practicalities covered, providing durability, comfort and UV protection in shades black white and mauve, and NZ label Kowtow’s sleek debut swimwear line, with a campaign photographed by Victoria Zschommler, is made from recycled nylon. Finally, Australian brand She Made Me releases its latest collection, shot for the first time by designer Chloe Dunlop in Vanuatu, featuring a combination of hand crochet and lycra in sun-drenched hues. Just keep swimming.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The future looks like Prada and we’re here for it. The brand’s new Resort 19 campaign is a vivid spectacle of block colouring and retro patterns, with clothes to alter the mood and mind. Think turquoise turtle-necks, bold yellow leather and colossal trooper hats, and featuring former RUSSH cover stars Julia Nobis and Freja Beha Erichsen. For more Prada power, press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Remember the awe that gripped you whilst looking into a rock pool as a child? Now imagine that feeling immortalised, coated in polished brass and worn with your favourite little black dress. Dinosaur Designs has made this a reality, crafting a collection of cuffs, earrings and rings inspired by the imperfect clusters of rock and coral found in the shallows by the ocean. Worn separately or together, they’ll always make dry land a little more interesting. DINOSAUR DESIGNS ring, cuff and earrings.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Step into summer in these bespoke, handcrafted slides made in collaboration with jewellery designer and sculptor Holly Ryan and footwear brand Woven Palm. With their rich terracotta colour palette these slides wouldn’t look out of place on the streets of Tuscany, while design details like the gold sculptural buckle elevate the pair above your average poolside sandals. With each pair made custom to order from the highest quality Italian leather and finished with Holly Ryan’s signature ‘squiggle’ shaped buckle, this collaboration is a match made in heaven. HOLLY RYAN X WOVEN PALM shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy of Burberry SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      You know it when you see it. The cut, the precision tailoring, the flash of tartan – the Burberry trench coat is an indisputably iconic garment, and now you can design your own thanks to a pop-up installation at Chadstone’s shopping precinct: Burberry Trench Studio. Celebrating the history and evolution of the trench, in a workshop modelled upon the British Castleford space, Burberry invite you to be part of the production process from inception down to the last coloured thread. Personalise your bespoke trench with the Archive Button Collection (a find from the brand’s history catalogues, courtesy of Riccardo Tisci) and a new fabric palette including classic honey, dark military khaki, midnight, mid-grey and black. A piece for everyone.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Victoria Lee @victorialee; Jessica Gomes @iamjessicagomes.   The race might stop the nation but it’s the trackside attire that has captured our attention, and with the Spring Racing season fully underway we round up the model looks that have inspired our Melbourne Cup attire. From Jessica Gomes’ monochrome palette in Dion Lee to RUSSH cover star Gemma Ward in a two-piece Bianca Spender, or The Body herself in white Maticevski – this year’s racing set have set the bench mark high.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter     PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Grab it and go. As versatile as it is durable, the Jute Macrame Square Shopping bag from Maison Bengal is the perfect carrier for day trips to the beach this summer, or for toting seasonal vegetables home from the weekend farmers market. Hand woven by artisans in Bangladesh, using traditional techniques and locally sourced natural materials, these ethical, fair-trade bags are designed with care and crafted to last. MAISON BENGAL bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I had this vision of making a product that has travelled the minimum amount of miles, uses the minimum amount of chemical possible, that’s socially responsible and organic. Once you’ve got that information, you can’t go backwards.” Boasting infinite amounts of luxury and feminine charm, Mother of Pearl’s new sustainable diffusion line, No Frills, aims to provide a socially conscious, organic capsule collection with low carbon emissions. Here, Creative Director Amy Powney describes her upbringing and how it shaped her current career path and need to trace her fabrics and textiles back to their points of origin. With the sustainability vanguard leading the way, the No Frills collection has received limitless praise, because let’s face it, who wouldn’t their wardrobe to be overflowing with those dreamy jacquards and cotton ruffles?  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Evo In a dreamland all her own, she reveals the jewels she treasures most. PHOTOGRAPHY Evo
FASHION Alys Hale
MODEL Georgia Farley @ Chic Management
HAIR Sam Overton
MAKEUP Lila Marvell
PRODUCTION Emily Green @ Entropico  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: Sara Sampaio @sarasampaio; Jasmine Tookes @jastookes.   Trick or treat. We still remember last year, with Karlie as Marilyn and Kaia as a picture perfect Elvira from Scarface, but it seems our model muses have kicked the costumes up a gear for Halloween 2018. Sara Sampaio is unrecognisable as a midnight werewolf, our Nightcall issue muse Taylor Hill revives all our childhood dreams as Sailor Moon and former RUSSH digital cover star Sarah Ellen channels her best Kill Bill-era Uma Thurman, samurai sword and all. Give yourself over to the spookiest night of the year and find costume inspiration with these selects from ASOS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Providing minimalist alternatives to daily accessories, Building Block have created a pint-sized statement like no other. The Lady Leather purse, crafted from smooth pillar box red leather and a structured top handle, is the perfect carrier to hold your most essential pieces. To be paired with a those favourite denim jeans and a white tee, the Lady Leather elevates your ultimate casual Sunday look. Minimal, classic and fun. BUILDING BLOCK bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT When the night falls, starts the magic so bright. To celebrate the opening of Louis Vuitton’s new concept space, we sent RUSSH purist and San Cisco drummer, Scarlett Stevens, on an after dark shopping expedition. Platform combat boots? Check. Aviator shearling coat? Yes please. Throw in the studded denim separates, tinted shades and a bag (or seven) and we might just have everything we need. Might.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Babe, you seduce me. You take my heart and use me. You can’t blame us for feeling a little sceptical of a turquoise renaissance, but in the hands of Calvin Klein we’re more than ready for the flashback, courtesy of the brand’s new Seductive range. Featuring statement drop earrings, with a modern take on turquoise, white stones and stainless steel, Calvin Klein effortlessly channels the earnest, bohemian whimsy of our 2000s days and manages to make it all brand new again. CALVIN KLEIN earrings (left and right)  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      They’re the ones we come back to each season, when the weather heats up effortlessness becomes our first priority. One Teaspoon’s cult shorts have been a wardrobe staple for what feels like forever. Now a fresh collaboration with Bonds sees the meeting of two icons and a new take on those slouched classics. Available in three colours, the Marlon short was designed with freedom in mind: it’s the kind you’ll feel inclined to throw over your swimsuit and wear all summer long – just add a white tee and this season’s reimagined thongs.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson    PHOTOGRAPHY Kitty Callaghan SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Louis Vuitton unveils its new concept store at 345 George Street, Sydney; a private universe for its men’s and women’s collections and reimagined here by photographer, collage artist and RUSSH Contributing Editor, Kitty Callaghan. “I felt honoured to be a part of the a project for the new Louis Vuitton space … I loved the idea of mentioning Sydney in the collages.” In curating her edit of favourite pieces in-store, Callaghan found inspiration in the decor and art within the new concept space, including a selection of local artworks supplied by the Piermarq gallery in Paddington and re-editions of modular Danish wall units designed by Poul Cadovius in 1948 – juxtaposed with personalised etchings and favourite moments from Louis Vuitton runway. The collages, exclusive to RUSSH.com, harness the energy of the men’s and women’s collections, discovered throughout the Men’s Club and Women’s Salon – where guests are invited to characterise their purchases by hot stamping selected leather goods with initials, personalising fragrance bottles and customising men’s footwear. A place to go your own way.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Sweet, sweet fantasy baby. Valet Studios is bringing all our late 90s dreams back to life with their range of perfectly poised hair clips, ideal for elevating any style, taming flyaways or distracting from bangs during their awkward grow-out phase. With a range of styles fit for every occasion, we can’t look past classics such as the Ashley, Brooke or Lulu barrettes. Let your creativity run wild and embrace the comeback. VALET STUDIO Brooke, Ashley and Lulu clips  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Glitching the system. Get ready to usher in a new era with the iconic Italian brand’s capsule collection, Fendi Mania. Combining a highly saturated colour palette with sportswear reverberation running through denim separates, jackets and unisex accessories, subversive artist Hey Reilly fuses Fendi with Fila through a hybrid logo adorning each piece. We first laid eyes on these playfully ironic streetwear pieces during Milan Fashion Week AW 18 before seeing them in the off-duty wardrobes of Gigi Hadid and co., and now it’s all we think about. Some things can’t be unseen. Fendi Mania can be purchased online or in store.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit; Kendall Jenner @kendalljenner.   We’re channeling those vintage Calvin Klein days, with Mark Wahlberg and Kate Moss of course, or à la Zhoe Trotter and Chris Fleischer posing for Kelly Geddes’ lens. From hiking smoky mountaintops with Bambi, to NYC rooftop tea parties with Kendall or days spent at the flower markets with Vittoria. Worn to be seen, or for lounging around in at home, these off-duty muses know that underwear makes as much a statement as outerwear. Young hearts run free. Slip into something more comfortable in our pick from BASERANGE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Lithuania may be a long way away from Los Angeles, but that hasn’t stopped Eastern-European label Supernormal from taking inspiration from the Hollywood silver screen. Supernormal’s latest range of cat eye style sunglasses are a tribute to the off-duty style of some of old Hollywood’s greatest icons, think Grace Kelly on the beach in Cannes or Marilyn Monroe wrapped around the arms of Arthur Miller. Channel your inner starlet this summer and see the world through rose tinted glasses. SUPERNORMAL sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Nick Tsindos I’ve crossed deserts for miles, swam water for time.
Pure shores. Meet us at the water’s edge, in pieces to live in all season long. PHOTOGRAPHY Nick Tsindos
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Gabriela Fuentes @ Priscillas
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using R + Co
MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Title Artist Management using Chanel  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do, or don’t do anything I would. Fendi meets Fila for the collaborative capsule collection of the year. The perfect blend of two iconic brands (and their logos) is brought to life in a RTW collection that breaks all the rules, yet continues to uphold the luxury craftsmanship of the eternally loved Fendi maison. From crocodile leather to technical material, cropped sweaters to oversized wind breakers, there is something here for everyone. “We are obsessed with Fendi and we want to share this obsession”. We won’t let anything stop you – press play to see this collection come to life.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jess Blanch    PHOTOGRAPHY Elina Kechicheva Peter Pan was once my hero. “The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it. So come with me, where dreams are born, and time is never planned.” This was his world; youthful innocence and escapism; a thrilling and adventurous Neverland of fairies, mermaids and pirates. He was the ‘Boy Who Wouldn’t Grow Up’ and his cohorts included a nymph-like Tinkerbell, the Lost Boys and a dreamy but essentially pragmatic heroine called Wendy (I know, it sounds like every generation as they approach their 40s), with their escapades culminating in a bloody battle, proving there’s never a good story without struggle. In the author’s own words, “It was quixotic, but it was magnificent.” It was at a recent school reunion that I was reminded of my fascination with Pan and the make-believe as classmates recalled how I’d told of the fairies in my garden at home and rolled their eyes at the memory of how many of them had not just believed me, but encouraged my sophistry by writing them letters. By 13, my callow wonderment had been sharply curbed by the ‘teen spirit’ of a band called Nirvana, but the idea that life requires us to believe in some things without proof, and beyond evidence and experience, has always remained. This kind of magical thinking is deemed normal for children but as we become adults the belief that our ideas and actions can influence the course of events in the material world is met with heavy scepticism and, in psychology, deep concern. This issue explores those possibilities: imagination, intuition, rituals, psychedelic quests, curiosity, enlightenment, spirituality, superstition, associative thinking, the supernatural, mystic, magic and the occult. It celebrates the gurus, shamans, oracles and visionary leaders who continue to have faith that we can control the universe around us by what we think and do. The ones who attempt to look into the future. Who champion ‘seeing it before you do it’, manifesting the inconceivable, taking the time to dream and, most of all, making the impossible possible. “Just think of happy things, and your heart will fly on wings, forever …” said Pan.  But only if you believe … The Magical Thinking Issue, available for purchase here. PHOTOGRAPHY Elina Kechicheva @ Talent and Partner
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODEL Kremi Otashliyska @ Elite London
HAIR & MAKEUP Rebecca Wordingham @ Saint Luke Artists using
Davines and Bobbi Brown
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Luiza Cirico  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT City of angels. In the latest campaign from Byron-Bay based jewellery label Temple of the Sun, model and muse Emily Jean Bester explores the peaks and valleys of Los Angeles and its Griffith Observatory in the glow of the afternoon sun. Adorned with gold hoop earrings, simple layered necklaces, and engraved pendants, Bester twists, turns and dances through L.A. in a collection as timelessly cool and nostalgic as the super 8 film the campaign was captured on by Claudia Rose. Like a moment lost in time.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     From the mind of filmmaker Ryan Hope comes Woman’s Best Friend, second in three-part series celebrating the Prada Cahier bag, The Delivery Man. Named after the French word for ‘notebook’, a place used to hold your secrets, the unexpected union of brass and calfskin makes for a precious piece of cargo. And set in a Hollywood Hills mansion starring J.K. Simmons and Sasha Lane, this surreal vignette will have you convinced that the Cahier should be your newest keepsake.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   Elsa Hosk @hoskelsa.   Your one stop shade. These off-duty muses know that there’s no need to mix and match. From Bella’s crisp white, Poppy’s vivid green and Joan’s lady in red. All in one, from top to toe, accessories included if you dare. Make your mark in monochrome. Unite in red with Sies Marjan’s shirt and pants.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Custom-built for her. Nike’s new AF1 Sage Low sneakers quite literally take the timeless Air Force 1 design to new heights. With its chunky platform sole – a throwback to our favourite 90s girl groups – pared back design, rolled edges and blush pink suede finish, these are sneakers designed with the modern woman in mind. Uniquely feminine but with the same street style edge and comfort you’ve come to expect from Nike, let the Air Force 1 Sage Low sneakers elevate you. NIKE shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT It’s like you’re my mirror, my mirror staring back at me. Givenchy unveils its SS 19 film campaign – a short manifesting the idea of blurred gender codes, channelling inspiration from Annemarie Schwarzenbach, a writer in the 30s who identified as a female but dressed in menswear. Contemporary, fluid silhouettes find form in florals, silver embroidery and leather lamination across both men’s and women’s collections, brought to life by artistic director Clare Waight Keller. Pure reflection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Nina Hill-Potter    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Multi-talented Australian based artist, object and jewellery designer, Louise Olsen, may be better known for her work as the creative director of Dinosaur Designs, but her latest collaboration with lifestyle brand Alex and Trahanas has us dreaming of an Italian summer. Inspired by the organic, weathered forms of Apulian olive trees, this line of gold-tone and silver jewellery sees precious metals twisted and contorted into abstract, elegant loops to form a sculptural collection of bangles and earrings. Packing now for our Mediterranean get-away. ALEX AND TRAHANAS earrings and bracelet.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I started designing things I’d like to wear, but soon realised I need to to design for others as well. I really enjoy that process of discovering about other people’s desires, taste and expectations.” A Cancer by the stars, designer, model and our Face of October – spend a moment with our latest digital cover girl, Mari Giudicelli. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan I wanna be next to you. Black and gold, black and gold, black and gold.
The ultimate in 90s power play, for those garage days and disco nights when you feel like channeling your inner Drew Barrymore. C.W.James introduces the Odile and Selene chokers – each custom-made in Australia using genuine leather and gold-tone brass. Inspired by the forms of local rock pools, each choker strap is made adjustable with black silk ribbon. Nostalgia never felt so luxurious. C.W.JAMES Selene and Odile choker  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   Gimaguas @gimaguas.   A summer fling made to last forever. Emerging clothing and accessories brand Gimaguas (the South American translation for ‘twins’), conceived and designed by Spanish sisters Sayana and Claudia Durany, is our new favourite treasure trove of breezy separates, sexy linen dresses and dreamy crocheted shorts and swimsuits. Woven accessories complete the relaxed, sensual aesthetic – the rounded raffia bags are destined to be our day-to-night summer companions, and brightly accented slides, crafted in collaboration with artisans across the world, perfectly elevate our neutral-toned seasonal uniforms. Live under the sun wherever you go.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan For daily wear, and more, St. Agni welcomes the Paris Woven Mule. With the combination of a slightly pointed toe and raised heel, each mule is handmade with leather in a neutral colour palette, perfect for a Moroccan get-away, sandy beach excursions or to complete a wardrobe of crisp linen staples. Whatever your location, St. Agni’s mules are a breath of fresh air for those light, sun drenched days ahead. Tread lightly. ST AGNI shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Sophie Martin     A new primitivism. Marni’s AW 18 campaign offers a glimpse into the world of designer Francesco Risso, creative director and heart and soul of the brand. The film encapsulates Risso’s exploration of the philosophical conflict between nature and technology; a term he coined ‘technoprimitivism’. Vintage flavours are at the forefront of this collection – think vivid block colours, clogs, zebra prints and sequinned dresses, showcased with the raw energy and romanticism that is quintessentially Marni.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson    PHOTOGRAPHY Sally Griffiths “I grew up in Rio, Brazil. Rio is very beautiful but also a dangerous city, so I learned to be aware and not too naive from a young age.” Model, designer, muse – Mari Giudicelli is a woman of the world. Brazilian-born and currently Brooklyn-based, her’s was a childhood spent surrounded by family and nature. “I was very lucky to have adventurous parents who took me on their trips around the country,” she tells us from New Mexico where she is working on her forthcoming collection, “so I was always barefoot in nature, eating different fruits and becoming friends with the local kids.” After studying graphic design in her early 20s, Giudicelli discovered a visa program which allowed her to study in the United States, and began a course at Parsons School of Design, followed by the Fashion Institute of Technology at the State University of New York, where she specialised in leather craftsmanship. During this time Giudicelli was scouted on the streets of her adopted hometown by photographer Dan McMahon, and it was here, on a “lovely gloomy day, one of the first days of fall” in New York, scored by the sound of cicadas singing, we got to know our newest digital cover girl and Face of October – Mari Giudicelli. Upon graduation, Giudicelli’s love of footwear blossomed, and she began designing and crafting her own eponymous line of shoes. A combination of her nature-driven upbringing and the street-influenced culture of NYC was manifested in her pieces – a luxurious and practical assortment of mules, flats and boots, crafted from materials sourced and produced in her mother country, Brazil. Sophisticated, understated, and an embodiment of Giudicelli’s personal spirit. “Being a model for me is about representing the ideas behind a product and a brand, the lifestyle and choices,” she explains. “As a designer I have the freedom to express my own ideas that are true to my beliefs. I am lucky to have worked with brands I really admire and are in line with my beliefs, but having my own is extremely special and a big responsibility.” Through her modelling (she was the face of friend and collaborator Maryam Nassir Zadeh’s e-shop) and design work, Giudicelli has acquired an almost-obsessive cult following, thanks in part to her ability to translate the wants and needs of modern women into covetable footwear, but also due to her own inimitable aesthetic – unfussy yet considered, with tailored classics and practical accessories mainstays in her personal wardrobe. “[My style is] utilitarian and timeless,” she says, and her go-to outfit for an evening out reflects the sentiment: “vintage 501s, a white tee and boots.” A Cancer, she confesses to being “very introspective and caring … I love being at home with my family, close to friends,” and her list of can’t-live-withouts perpetuate the usual pillars of the sign: “brushing my teeth, hot showers, a book, coffee.” 
“I started designing things I’d like to wear, but soon realised I need to to design for others as well. I really enjoy that process of discovering about other people’s desires, taste and expectations.”
 ‘Maia’ to those she holds closest, Giudicelli finds inspiration in the everyday exchanges of people: “sincere human interactions with each other and with nature. I really love witnessing those, and find it very beautiful. I’m also inspired by smells, architecture, my friends and vintage garb. How things used to be made with such care and attention.” It’s this throwback to the care and attention taken in the past that is visible throughout her own designs, her creative process fuelled by an opposition to the frenzied cycle of fast fashion and its subsequent waste. “I try to balance my ideas of living a simple life with the fashion industry expectations and it’s a constant challenge. [New York has] helped me grow in many ways, but can be frustrating sometimes. I believe in trying to spread the idea of not producing waste, not following trends, of having something you can wear for a long time, and not dispose it after a season or two,” she explains. “It’s difficult in a city where everything has to be made and dealt with so fast. So I think the biggest influence it has on me is the reminder that I want to work on something totally opposite to it.” “I am slowly reducing the amount of stuff I own, I don’t have much,” says Giudicelli. “I live in a small studio apartment, but I want to have less and less everyday. The plan is to fly light, and let things happen naturally.” Giudicelli’s days are often spent in transit – she travels between New York and Brazil regularly – but for the the immediate future she is focusing on the here and now. “I’m working on launching our new website, on the AW 19 collection, training my dog and other personal projects.”  A practical thinker, Giudicelli’s personal mantra depicts a woman who walks her own path, guided by her instincts: “It’s ok, there’s a solution, just think.” As a household name in a frenetic industry such as fashion, it’s the quiet moments in between the chaos that are most beloved by the model and designer, and her life lesson is one we want to make our own. “Say yes,” she says. “Don’t be afraid.” 
“[What makes me smile?] A lot of things actually. Anything sincere, innocent mistakes, making eye contact with animals, clean socks, sunshine hitting my face …”
 PHOTOGRAPHY Sally Griffiths
FASHION Olivia Kozlowski
MODEL Mari Giudicelli
HAIR Taichi Saito @ Streeters
MAKEUP Ryo Yamazaki @ MAM-NYC  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Michele Ouellet @kissser; Ruby Aldridge @rubyaldridge.   Well all of my life I been a tryin’ to save to get a pair of cowboy boots.
A Western accessory like no other, made new again. From themed nights out with friends to days exploring the Grand Canyon, or strolling the L.A. walk of fame. Make like these off-duty muses and opt for a pair of cowboy boots for your wardrobe. Weather pink like Ruby, classic black like Erin or fresh white like Valentina, these are your new go-to’s for day or night. Channel that star power with our pick from GOLDEN GOOSE DELUXE BRAND.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Sophie Martin    PHOTOGRAPHY Jack Stubby Turner SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      Streets of your town. New York’s Harlem community have long been emblems of culture and style – a place rich in history and the hometown of such icons as Malcolm X, Langston Hughes and A$AP Rocky. It’s this neighbourhood that provides the backdrop for Lee Denim’s new Harlem Denim capsule collection. Inspired by the raw and authentic street style of 70s youth culture, the three-piece collection features the classic High Mom jean, the A-Line Lola skirt and the high-waisted Stevie short. Styled by Kate Carnegie, the campaign features a local NYC girl-gang who embody the bold, self-assured attitude intrinsic to the brand.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Ivona Alavanja     Into the undergound. Artistic Director Claire Waight Keller and photographer Steven Meisel take us to the heart of darkness for Givenchy’s AW 18 film campaign. The theme? Night noir. Black leather meets fast-paced editing, with boots on wet pavement soundtracking the conceptual short depicting a heaving nightclub and leading us into the deepest corners of the night. Follow if you dare.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Lily Davis    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan  We’ve always been fans of the slide. Say hello to the ultimate in luxurious comfort – the convenience of a flat, embellished with pearls and faux fur, from the master of contemporary feminine design, Simone Rocha. An undeniable statement shoe that’s crafted to last and doesn’t compromise on function mean these new walkers will see you through the end of the year and beyond. SIMONE ROCHA shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Natalie Petrevski    PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com A closing week like no other. From Chanel’s man-made beachfront (complete with crashing waves) to a special performance from icon Jane Birkin. We round up the best moments from Paris Fashion Week SS 19. Demna’s new dimension. BALENCIAGA
Signature wide shoulders and cinched waists accompanied oversized party shirts and beautifully draped dresses on a culturally and generationally diverse cast, including RUSSH cover girl Cat McNeil. CELINE
Short hemlines, party dresses, skinny tailoring, sequins and leather combined for Hedi Slimane’s new era. Take me to my beach. CHANEL
Model’s walked barefoot along Chanel’s sandy seaside escape in A-line dresses, tweed separates and covetable straw chapeaus. A tropical Parisian getaway from the comfort of the Grand Palais. CHLOÉ
Creative Director Natacha Ramsay-Levi conjured a bohemian rhapsody dream – with a little flair – for Chloé’s SS 19 woman. From scarf prints to soft tailoring and statement earrings. Morocco is calling. Dance with me. CHRISTIAN DIOR
A petal-strewn runway set the stage for conceptual choreographed dancers, before Maria Grazia Chiuri brought a muted colour palette of delicately tailored, free-flowing dresses, pleated gowns and draped jersey for Dior SS 19. GUCCI
Creative Director Alessandro Michele brought Gucci to Paris for an appropriately dramatic presentation at Théâtre Le Palace. Featuring sequins, feathers, embellishment, bright colour, 80s inspirations and a performance by the ultimate French girl Jane Birkin. A highlight of the season. The new summer uniform. HERMÈS
Soft, buttery leathers in mint, tan and off-white tunics, jackets and shorts, with strappy sandals and Hermès’s signature carriers. JACQUEMUS
For beach days and club nights – no one does Le Riviera like Simon. From lightweight fabrics to sheers, short hemlines and plunging necklines, oversized raffia bags or miniature shoulder bags. The Jacquemus woman takes her stride for SS 19. The new elegance. LOEWE
A combination of colour, texture, prints, knitwear, leather, feathers, accessories and a bag for every girl. We all want to be a Loewe muse. LOUIS VUITTON
Back to future with an intergalactic collection from Nicolas Ghesquière – from 80s-inspired shoulders and silhouettes to sharp tailoring, digital prints and space-age boiler suits. Femininity reimagined. MIU MIU
Knee-high socks (that we actually want to wear), crinkled gelato-coloured dresses, pleated skirts and peekaboo cut-outs were the order of the day for Miu Miu’s SS 19 collection. OFF-WHITE
Track and field. It was a sporty affair for Vigil Abloh’s Off-White SS 19 collection, brimming with t-shirts to tulle skirts, cycling shorts, Nike collaborations and neon fashion moments. A herione for 2018. ROCHAS
Animal prints, saturated yellows, chic blacks and feathered touches made for an elegant collection of staple pieces we’ll be wearing long after the season is over. SACAI
A fusion of prints, colours, textures and materials the Chitose Abe way. Walking on water. SAINT LAURENT
From black to leopard print (the pattern of the season), to sequins, short shorts, mini dresses, 80s shoulders and a supermodel return from RUSSH girl Abbey Lee. Paris in the night. STELLA MCCARTNEY
Relaxed tailored suits, tie-dye, skater dresses, boiler suits and touches of floral comprised Stella McCartney’s SS 19 wardrobe. Breezy, strong, street and feminine all at once. VALENTINO
Valentino’s PFW collection offered us a one-way ticket to paradise with beautiful, voluminous gowns, rich reds, sequinned touches and oversized straw hats. We want it all.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS India Baker     Life is art. Etro’s faithfulness to love and beauty comes to life amongst enchanting sculptures for its AW 18 campaign film, captured in a tucked away atelier in Milan.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   CHLOÉ.   Fire and ice characterises our favourite campaigns of AW 18. Anthony Vaccarello’s Saint Laurent offering gives us grime and glamour with an ink black statement heel, while Prada’s neon Americana kitsch keeps the night alive. Erdem is all full skirts and gauze, using light to create a semi-opaque “memory tinged with warmth”, as Steven Meisel for Chloé captures the winter sun on New York’s East River, where time melts like a Dali landscape. Finally, Jacquemus presents Le Souk, ushering in a ‘hot winter’, starring Frederikke Sofie motorcycling in those iconic heels. Everything is not as it seems.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS India Baker     We can all live on island time thanks to Auguste’s Summer collection, Bask, captured in soft, gauzy light by Stefan José. Earthy coloured florals meet white vintage-inspired slips and easy linens for effortless beach wear that can be worn summer after summer. Bask will be available for purchase from October 4, for pieces you will treasure endlessly. Blue Lagoon becomes reality.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Sydney Roper @sydneyroper; Alexa Chung @alexachung.   From the late night parties with Adwoah Aboah and her pop of acid green, to sun-filled holiday escapes with Alex Chung and her classic red, or those New York loft afternoons that seem last forever with Sam Swan in her silk satin blue. Each a celebration of Eastern influence – contemporary takes on traditional designs, adding extra dimensions to an otherwise simple party dress. Try on our select from ETRO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Lily Davis    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan We’re channeling that Olsen twin style – a specific alchemy of luxury and comfort – with Maria Farro’s 100 per cent leather flip-flops. Molding to the shape of your foot, the chic take on the classic footwear of our youth pairs effortlessly with jeans and a crisp white shirt, or slipped on with your favourite swimsuit and tinted shades for a sun drenched day by the ocean. No doubt these will become our go-to shoe of the summer season. MARIA FARRO shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Don’t you wanna let loose sometimes? To celebrate the release of its AW 18 collection, Miu Miu collaborates for the second time with Mytheresa for the short film, Rebel, Rebel. Think big hair, leather jackets and that inimitable Miu Miu attitude, paired with high-waisted floral skirts and glittered heels. The film spotlights the playful resilience in femininity and the ongoing pursuit of gender equality. Rebels with a cause.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Michael Brunt Lately I’m getting lost in you. Our days are spent wandering in golden light. As warmth descends, earthly beauty meets cosmic energy for the mood of the season. PHOTOGRAPHY Michael Brunt
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Alejandra Alonso @ Kult Australia
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst using Giorgio Armani Beauty
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANTS Matt Godkin and Magnolia Minton Sparke  VERONIKA MAINE dress
  VERONIKA MAINE dress  VERONIKA MAINE dress

  VERONIKA MAINE top

  VERONIKA MAINE skirt  VERONIKA MAINE top  VERONIKA MAINE skirt
  VERONIKA MAINE jacket
  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Lily Davis    PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Beyond the eye of the beholder lies Le Specs – all knowing, all seeing, she wears these cool cut shades with the confidence of a modern day muse. The La Dolce Vita silhouettes are edgy yet reminiscent of the timeless, beloved cat eye and oval shapes worn by legends and icons before. Rose-tinted for the lovers and black for all others. LE SPECS sunglasses in black and mist rose  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Sophie Martin     Before the flood. Gucci’s Cruise 19 film campaign, Gucci Gothic, serves as a visual retelling of the biblical story of Noah and the Ark. Animals, big and small, walk alongside their human counterparts, bracing the wind and embarking upon the wooden ark before the heavy rains fall. Long-time Gucci collaborator Glen Luchford’s artistic direction, combined with an emotionally-charged soundtrack by Sonic Boom, makes for an evocative campaign – rich in nostalgia and visually arresting, each character resplendent in Alessandro Michele’s resort collection, heads to the sky as they brave the storm ahead.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT From supermodel comebacks to the accessories we’re coveting. We round up the best fashion moments from Milan Fashion Week SS 19. Get carried away. FENDI
Bags, leather, utilitarian jackets, belt bags, bike shorts, pockets, and let’s not forget the iconic Fendi baguette. Silvia Venturini Fendi and Karl Lagerfeld brought back the classics for SS 19. MARNI
Shady ladies. Colourful printed fabrics, luxurious draping and a strong accessories game were the order of the day at Marni. Colour blocking done right. MAX MARA
In her stride. A display of timeless wardrobe staples for the modern woman – think tailored pantsuits, trench coats and evening dresses. MOSCHINO
Art attack. Squiggle sketches meets 80s-inspired tailoring. Colour me happy. Bird of paradise. MSGM
Here to party. From feathered mini dresses to tie-dye denim, clashing prints and more. Massimo Giorgetti’s collection had us dreaming of a world in technicolour. PHILOSOPHY DI LORENZO SERAFINI
Snakeskin prints, puff sleeves, mini ruffle dresses, sweet lace and touches of skin. A midsummer night’s dream like no other. Around the world. PRADA
Long biker shorts, knee-high socks, crisp collars, fresh t-shirts and plunging necklines, all showcased at the Fondazione Prada’s breathtaking multipurpose performance space. ROBERTO CAVALLI
Careful cut-outs, sequinned mini dresses, a patchwork of clashing prints and embellished blazers. Bring me the night, Cavalli. Understated, comfortable elegance. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO
Stella Tennant continues her Fashion Week tour de force, opening the Ferragamo runway in tonal camo hues. Special mentions go to the beige and khaki workwear, and the sleek leather jumpsuit we couldn’t take our eyes off. SPORTMAX
Never have bikinis and blazers made such comfortable bedfellows. A very wearable combination of 9-5 work-wear and surf-inspired pieces. Off-duty essentials. TOD’S
Leather for days, and even in summer. Rich, earthy tones interspersed with pops of electric blue and touches of suede, with the perfect bag for the everyday. VERSACE
Donatella presented bright colour, a mash of floral prints and mini party dresses for those nights that you never want to end, but it was the return of 90s runway icon Shalom Harlow closing the show that we’ll never forget.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Take us to Le Palace. Always one for a spectacle, it’s no surprise creative director Alessandro Michele chose Théâtre Le Palace as the stage for Gucci’s SS 19 runway collection. Tune in now for the showcase, live streamed from Paris.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Come away with me honey. From the escaramuza riders of the Resort 19 presentation to the delicious dose of 60s nostalgia for AW 18, Maria Grazia Chiuri and Christian Dior take you to another time, another place, every collection – and SS 19 proved to be no different. A stunning dance piece choreographed and performed by Tel Aviv–based performer Sharon Eyal (and her troupe) preceded the runway collection – a combination of softly draped jersey, muted tie-dye textiles and tailored outerwear. Press pray and watch the full runway showcase, streamed live from the Hippodrome de Longchamp outside of Paris.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Come together. Salvatore Ferragamo presents its AW 18 collection campaign film, A Patchwork of Colours. Captured by Harley Weir and featuring industry icon Stella Tennant, as well as Shanelle Nyasiase, Rianne Van Rompaey and Xiao Wen Ju, the collection (designed by Paul Andrew) reflects the craftsmanship, heritage and savoir faire of the Italian house, and celebrates the broad community of faces who embody the brand.  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO Mirror Heel mule.  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO Mirror Heel loafer.  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO Gancini Studded moccasin.  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO Quilted Gancini Flap bag.  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO Classic Flap bag.  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO Ferragamo Studio bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   A.EMERY @a.emery_.   Whether skimming hot pavement or accentuating a bare leg beneath your favourite denim shorts, a summer sandal is the perfect combination of minimalist elegance with a utilitarian function. Woven designs will always be our first pick – try Carrie Forbes‘s naturally dyed raffia slides from Morocco, or slippers made for the island dust of Ibiza by Camilla Skovgaard’s new label, Of Origin .OO. For the art of distilling a timeless piece to its bare minimum, A.Emery champions textured leather silhouettes in matte charcoal, designed in Melbourne and made in India, and Maria Farrow mixes her love of Bondi Beach with the shores of Crete. For something new altogether, look no further than Emme Parson’s eponymous label, offering a patent Mary Jane mule hand made in Tuscany. It all comes down to you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Michael Brunt No need to keep it strictly business. Whether it’s Zimmermann’s 80s shapes or Frame’s classic cigarette cut, the suiting trend isn’t going anywhere. “Suiting doesn’t all have to be conventional. Opt for a short-sleeved jacket, miss-match your colours or layer with a jumpsuit. There are no rules.” – Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor “We’re suckers for a suit, and not just for the boardroom. Daytime with sneakers or nighttime with stilettos.” – Ellen Presbury, Market & Beauty Editor PHOTOGRAPHY Michael Brunt
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Marthe Wiggers @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst using Giorgio Armani Beauty  ZIMMERMANN coat  ZIMMERMANN pants  ELLERY jacket  SPORTMAX shoes  L’AGENCE jacket  SOPHIE BUHAI earrings from My Chameleon  CAMILLA AND MARC jacket  CAMILLA AND MARC pants  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com Best of the Brits. From the Victorian renaissance at Erdem to Victoria Beckham’s return home, we round up our favourite moments from London Fashion Week SS 19. A Fashion Week debut. ALEXA CHUNG
A mash-up of spring dresses, jumpsuits, 70s two-pieces and rich suedes, inspired by the airport’s arrivals and departures lounge. True to form, it was a collection of wearable pieces that were quintessentially Chung. BURBERRY
The first collection under the helm of new Creative Director Riccardo Tisci. With over 100 looks, SS 19 was a mix for all generations, from iconic trenches to street pieces and evening wear. All for one. Tough and tender. CHRISTOPHER KANE
An ode to female empowerment. With wide shoulders, printed t-shirts, tulle, lace dresses and Christopher Kane’s signature jewelled touches, this was a collection dripping in sexual innuendo. EMILIA WICKSTEAD
Event dresses for spring in a mixture of sweet pastel, soft whites and signature floral prints. Sugar, ah honey honey.  The new romantics. ERDEM
Puffed sleeves and delicate lace shaped elegant gowns inspired by the Victorian era, presented in none other than London’s National Portrait Gallery. J.W.ANDERSON
A combination of shapes, cuts, materials, prints and colour, pieced together the J.W.Anderson way. The DIY dream. A never-ending holiday. MOLLY GODDARD
Daisy prints, playful ruffles and plunging necklines. The perfect welcome to spring. It’s all in the details. PORTS 1961
Castaway girls. Macramé pieces, relaxed tailoring, fitted dresses, rope ties and cascading beaded strands combine for the summer uniform of our dreams. Down to an art. ROKSANDA
A sea of rich red and sunshine hues painted oversized, architectural blazers and evening gowns. SIMONE ROCHA
Dramatic veiled chapeaus, delicate lace embroidery and prints of antique paintings shaped Rocha’s romantic spring collection. Back in town. VICTORIA BECKHAM
Victoria Beckham returned to London to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of the brand. Showcasing crisp tailoring and sharp pops of colour, not to mention industry favourite Stella Tennant opening the show, it was a welcome homecoming for the designer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT It’s Spring Summer 2019, and this time Riccardo Tisci is at the helm for Burberry. Press play to watch his first runway collection from London Fashion Week.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry    PHOTOGRAPHY Ilkin Kurt SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      What if we told you some of the best looks of New York Fashion Week are being spun by the youngest talents the city has to offer? Enter designer Rui Zhou’s debut collection, Close Up: a transfixing tangle of delicate knitwear and pearls, shown as part of Parson’s MFA runway show. As someone who appreciates “asymmetry, irregularity and imperfection”, and lending herself to the Japanese Wabi-Sabi aesthetic, the new designer explores the spaces between those closest to her. Become ensnared. Rui Zhou’s SS 19 collection can be found on her Instagram @dandelion_1994.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood Peaches and cream. In the finest jewels from Gucci, new muse Emma Frick is the one we’re devoted to. PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Emma Frick @ IMG
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Walter Maurice
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Isabella Rooney  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Wave rider. Lucy Folk’s two-tone wicker weaved basket is our ultimate Mediterranean summer accessory. LUCY FOLK bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Proenza Schouler returns, and a look to the future prevails. Get the download on New York Fashion Week SS 19. To the horizon. 3.1 PHILIP LIM
Coastal ensembles with a futuristic edge. Think metallic crochet, chic bucket hats and minimalist sandals. BOSS
Simple, light and oh so elegant. The Boss woman takes her stride. Just keep swimming. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC
A big screen classic meets the runway, with Hollywood’s favourite deep sea villain Jaws emblazoned across printed logo t-shirts and wetsuits. COACH 1941
Sandy runways and Mad Max-style desert sets backdropped a collection of soft leathers, fringing, Disney motifs and beautiful blouses. Meet me halfway. DION LEE
An undone zipper is all it takes. Dion Lee brings us blazer-trench hybrids with a hint of lace. GABRIELA HEARST
Beautifully crafted dresses and structured power suits softened with blush tones. I am woman. Take me to my beach. MICHAEL KORS COLLECTION
Tropical prints in bright hues, knitwear and sea-inspired accessories. She sells sea shells. PROENZA SCHOULER
With industry icons like Amber Valletta and Gemma Ward, Proenza Schouler’s SS 19 collection celebrated statement denim and oversized tie-dye shirts. Come together. SIES MARJAN
Cargo-inspired pieces, touches of gold and soft silhouettes shaped a collection dedicated to designer Sander Lak’s friends and family. ZIMMERMANN
Step into a 70s dimension with bell sleeves, patchwork skirts and paisley two-piece sets. Turning back time never looked so good.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Joan Smalls @joansmalls; Emily Ratajkowski @emrata.   Party like it’s the year 2000. Bella or Alessandra know the after dark score – break out the glomesh and get your groove on. Dance the night away in our pick from PACO RABANNE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Chanel introduces its black ceramic Code Coco timepiece with a cinematic Chanel Code Coco Ritz film campaign. Cameos from Alice Dellal, Soo Joo Park, Nozomi Iijima and Alma Jodorowsky highlight the classic quilted bracelet, which is home to a discreet watch face and a subtle diamond. Code Chic.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Introducing the non-leather range from Hobes and your new go-to waterproof sand boater. Let’s get seaside. HOBES shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson A day in the life. Burberry’s Heritage Trench is the one we come back to. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Laura Kluenter @ Priscillas
HAIR & MAKEUP Samantha P @ Vivien’s Creative using Charlotte Tilbury
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Joel Jasper  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Sophie Martin     What’s better than a fresh tee? How about one that’s ethically crafted out of the softest organic cotton, right here in Australia. First Date Studios, sister label to Hatsumi’s Laundry, has released its third collection of tees, inspired by fragrances. Here, model Laura Klünter shows us exactly how to wear these modern wardrobe essentials.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan A sterling silver cable bracelet, accented with 14 karat yellow gold and blue topaz gemstones. Because every modern girl needs some wearable art. DAVID YURMAN bracelet  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     Anything you can do, I can do better. RUSSH x Gucci present Show Love, starring the effervescent Emma Frick. Don’t say we didn’t tell you so.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   VERSACE AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Fringe benefits. From Gucci’s metallics to Versace’s primary colours, the AW 18 runways were all about those textured accents. On the ropes never looked so good.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY David Bellemere To the edge of the ocean with Nicole Trunfio. PHOTOGRAPHY David Bellemere
FASHION Jesse Arifien
HAIR Teddy Charles
MAKE UP Valery Gherman  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: ANDREW GN AW 18; HEARST AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Saratov, Russia.
Sister act: Has an identical twin sister, Sonia Komarova, who is also a model.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Oscar de la Renta, Valentino and Dolce & Gabbana.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Handcrafted from sterling silver. An understated statement from Sara Robertsson. SARA ROBERTSSON earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   CHANEL AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Extra padding. Oversized bags and wraps were neatly tucked under arms for AW 18. Soft accessories. Shop our selects from CHANEL, PRADA, PREEN BY THRONTON BREGAZZI and CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Sophie Martin     Don’t look down. Siblings Kaia and Presley Gerber talk fear of heights and working together on set for Calvin Klein Jeans’s AW 18 Together in Denim campaign. Looking effortless dressed in matching head to toe Calvin Klein black denim – the pair may look similar but their unique personalities shine through. Take a peek here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   CHRISTIAN DIOR AW 18. Gorunway.com.   From Dior’s swinging 60s vibes to Chloé’s 70s-era power players. The AW 18 runways made vintage new again. Turn back the clock with our selects from CHLOÉ, JACQUEMUS, ANNA SUI and MISSONI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Manolo Campion A restless spirit on an endless flight. PHOTOGRAPHY Manolo Campion @ Jones Management
FASHION Dianna Lunt
MODEL Georgia Moot @ Muse
HAIR & MAKEUP Cecilia Romero using Rene Furterer and Glossier
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Patrick MClain
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Erik Ziemba  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   Emily Hutchinson.   As part of its Winter 18 campaign and to celebrate its enduring partnership with The Woolmark Company SABA invites audiences to follow the journey of The Sisterhood of the Travelling Coat – a limited-edition, silk lined, Woolmark approved coat, developed in collaboration with six renowned social ambassadors from across the globe. Ethically crafted from completely natural, biodegradable and renewable fibre, the classic tailored coat will celebrate the spirit of originality and travel by making the journey from the Bryon Bay coast to bustle of NYC and beyond with ambassadors including Arianne Witt, Jasmine Garnsworthy, Holly Titheridge, Emily Hutchinson, Petra Mackova and Jaime Ridge. The social journey begins with Mackova in Sydney, with the final destination yet to be announced. Follow the sisterhood at @sabastyle, @thewoolmarkcompany and #sabaxwoolmark.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Exclusive to Désordre. Navy satin silk to slip on with ease. For when the clock strikes 12 and you’re not quite ready to quit dancing. MARYAM NASSIR ZADEH shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah; Romee Strijd @romeestrijd.   Your new favourite shade. Make like Bambi and Roberta and go green or go home. Try on our pick from CHOSEN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   STELLA MCCARTNEY AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Utrecht, Holland.
Scouted: At a McDonalds in her hometown.
Runway: Debuted at Gucci, and has walked for the likes of Valentino, Stella McCartney, Dries Van Noten and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Lily Davis     The Woolmark Company celebrates its New Wool World campaign – marking 50 years of successful Australian wool trade with China – through the cinematic short film, Armor. Written and directed by Ben Briand and captured in the vistas of Tasmania, beautiful romanticism collides with thrilling noir tones in this visually stunning production, heightening the senses, unearthing memories and blurring the boundaries of time. Inspiration was pulled from the wool manufacturing process, “taking something incredibly raw and turning it into something achingly beautiful”. The film’s protagonist, portrayed by Natasha Liu Bordizzo, is draped in wool from the AW 18 collections, including pieces from Jacquemus, Paul Smith and Max Mara – a reminder of the irreplaceable impact the Australian wool industry has on the global fashion world. I am, you are.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   ZADIG AND VOLTAIRE AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Whether shooting stars at Zadig and Voltaire, or baubled hoops at Tom Ford – a silver statement earring was the prize accessory of the AW 18 runways. Shop our selects at ALESSANDRA RICH, ELLERY, ISABEL MARANT and JIL SANDER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Just you and I together. Vintage lover, midnight dancer, with a passion for “bridging the gap of all inequalities”. In the heat of an NYC summer we got to know our newest digital covergirl, and it’s about time you did too – meet Phoenix Anderson. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Family reunion. We journey to the snow capped peaks for the latest instalment in Gucci’s AW 18 Collectors campaign, directed by Glen Luchford.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Make it your own. Elevate your staple jeans and T-shirt with combo with your choice of black or brown leather, fixed with a silver or gold squiggle buckle. A new venture from Holly Ryan. HOLLY RYAN belt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson    PHOTOGRAPHY Sally Griffiths “When I was younger people would tell me I should model, I was always into art and started becoming very interested in fashion as well. I saw a disproportionate amount of European beauty and I thought it’d be cool to become a small part in bringing the beauty of people of colour into mainstream consciousness.” Our new Face hails from small town New Jersey but she’s got a panoramic world view, making a home for herself in New York City and finding passion in “bridging the gap of all inequalities”. The story of how she was scouted is as contemporary as it comes (Instagram), though her personal style leans towards decades past: “vintage pieces are essential. Keeping [it] modern yet adding style references from earlier eras like the 60s, 70s, which are my favourite decades.” Current bookworm and former tomboy, on a summer’s afternoon in her adopted home of NYC we talked readings lists, idols and learning to surf. Get to know our Face of August – Phoenix Anderson. Hers was a childhood spent away from the city, “a very slow place, farms and animals all around. Far from noise in Central New Jersey”. A self-described tomboy, Anderson liked “exploring nature, bugs and animals … I learned to dance ballet and I was constantly drawing or painting. I was like how I am now”. An avid reader from way back, she’s been devouring books since her youth: “I stayed up late reading through books that I’d finish in a day or two, and my parents would get mad that’d I’d go through so many books so fast.” On her current list? “Radicalism and Origins of the Vietnamese Revolution by Tai, A Concise History of the Haitian Revolution by Popkin, Women Race & Class by Angela Davis, A Theory of Socialism and Capitalism by Hoppe, a book on the Harlem renaissance, The Republic by Plato … I basically have a few bookshelves waiting for me.” “Walking for Eckhaus Latta was a dream, also walking for GCDS with Teyana Taylor was amazing.” “[I’m currently listening to] Daniel Caesar and H.E.R. as of late … Erykah Badu, D’Angelo and Musiq Soulchild constantly. Love me some dancehall, reggaeton!” Anderson keeps her beauty routine to essentials only – “Avene spring water, as well as their Clean AC moisturiser … pretty much anything from Avene. Also a good hair oil and Shea Moisture hair creme is key” – and feels her best after a “very good, thorough, sweaty dancing session somewhere low key”. In fact, moving her body is as good as it gets for Anderson. “This summer I learned how to surf so it’d be awesome to go surfing again. [My perfect day or night includes] great conversation with friends, adventuring, feeling the sun on my skin and dancing the night away. “As far as her idols go, some are found close to home (“My parents are such dynamic people, there’s always more to learn about them”), and some throughout history (“Angela Davis and Assata Shakur – strong powerful women who’ve influenced American History. Liya Kebede, she’s helped give back to so many and did so through her career in fashion”). Open, inquisitive, passionate and steadfast – our newest Face is a woman with an agenda, a look that keeps heads turned and our ideal dance floor partner on a night out. ‘Phoenix rising’ couldn’t be more right. PHOTOGRAPHY Sally Griffiths
FASHION Olivia Kozlowski
MODEL Pheonix Anderson @ Wilhelmina
HAIR Sirsa Ponciano using Oribe
MAKEUP Akiko Owada  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Waiting by the phone. Miu Miu channels Andy Warhol’s Factory Girls for its AW 18 film campaign, starring Adwoah and Kesewa Aboah and Georgia May Jagger.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Logan Crosby @loganemily_; Bella Hadid @bellahadid.   Not just for baseball. Make like Camille and Kaia and pull those statement white socks up high. Slip on our pick from GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   Phoenix Anderson – The Face, August 2018.   You’ve met the Faces who have come before, but this one’s got us all caught up. From small town New Jersey to the bright lights of New York, this is a woman with all the moves – she feels her best after “a very good, thorough, sweaty dancing session somewhere low key”, and is “most passionate about bridging the gap of all inequalities”. A bookworm, former tomboy and our newest digital covergirl. So who’s our Face of August? Find out tomorrow on RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   DRIES VAN NOTEN AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Free flowing, fluid form. The AW 18 runways brought dimension with soft silks in loud, clashing prints. Shop our selects with DRIES VAN NOTEN, F.R.S – FOR RESTLESS SLEEPERS, ZIMMERMANN and BURBERRY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   From left: ISABEL MARANT AW 18; CHANEL AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Yorkshire, England.
Scouted: In M.A.C. at a Westfield Shopping Centre in London. A makeup artist asked if she’d ever considered modelling, then personally took her to an agency the next day.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Loewe, Chanel and Miu Miu.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   BALMAIN AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Future classic. From Tom Ford’s precision tailoring to Balmain’s shimmered draping, the AW 18 runways channelled silver surfers with metallic two-pieces. Space out. Shop our selects at ISABEL MARANT, DIANE VON FURSTENBERG, ZADIG & VOLTAIRE and STYLAND.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Walk of art. Fine strips of white leather contrast with an art deco gold heel. Slip on with ease, exclusively with Net-A-Porter. CULT GAIA shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Michael Brunt A glimpse of glitter goes a long way. Shine a light and shop the best of this season’s embellished pieces. 
“Embellishment doesn’t have to go overboard. Sequins can be pared down with all-black, or added sparingly to collars or straps. Subtlety is key.” – Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor.
 “Don’t limit yourself to ‘special occasions’ – a jumper dotted with pearls or diamante details on a pair of loafers can immediately elevate an off-duty look.” – Victoria Pearson, Arts Editor. PHOTOGRAPHY Michael Brunt
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Saria White @ Priscillas
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst using Giorgio Armani Beauty  VICTORIA VICTORIA BECKHAM dress   NO.21 top from Stylebop  ROMANCE WAS BORN t-shirt from EAST 43  CHRISTOPHER KANE necklace   RELIQUIA earrings  CHANEL shoes  ALICE MCCALL dress   ALICE MCCALL belt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson  The light and the dark. The fire and the ice. She’s the kind of girl who gets what she wants. PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Hannah Cooper
MODEL Saadi Eva Schimmel @ Priscillas
HAIR & MAKEUP Isabella Schimid  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Johannes Vermeer meets Picasso for Holly Ryan’s new antiques. Crafted using a hand engraved lost wax casting technique, these are tokens to be cherished forever. HOLLY RYAN earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   DOLCE & GABBANA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Anything but minimal. Like the girls at Gucci and Dolce & Gabbana, we’re all about walking with a little extra sparkle. Shop our favourite embellished shoes from SOPHIA WEBSTER, ATTICO, MIU MIU and ROCHAS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jess Blanch    PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck “How you live your life is your business. But remember, our hearts and our bodies are given to us only once. Most of us can’t help but live as though we’ve got two lives to live, one is the mockup, the other the finished version, and then there are all those versions in between.”
– André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name We all have a story. Our story forms spontaneously with every experience we inhabit, some parts inherited – family legends, the legacy of our generation – and then the rest; those moments that truly ‘happen’ on this tramp through this life. There’s the first time they happen and then all the times after when we retell them, edit and often re-experience them in our quest to make sense of it all. In here somewhere lie some mysteries; truth, memories, confessions, objective curiosity and self-discovery. But no matter how we look at it, our personal history is our one necessity, and is true to Joan Didion’s words, “we tell ourselves stories in order to live”.  This issue is a high-five to storytellers; those who have taken the fast lane to our emotional centres through their images, lyrics, words and narratives. The authors of legends, the keepers of diaries and curators of photographic memoirs. Observers, fanatics and sometimes stealers of all our precious circumstances.  Like Nan Goldin, whose life work has been a commitment to a “real memory” she describes as “an invocation of the colour, smell, sound, and physical presence, the density and flavour of life”. Kurt Cobain’s confessional diary – worthy here at the very least for the enigma of his handwriting – where he concedes it’s a space where “I like to calmly and rationally discuss my views in a conformist manner even though I consider myself to the extreme left”. And all the songwriters who seem to know those very words that we thought belonged to us alone, those that say ‘whad-up?’ to our soul, catching us way off-guard when we hear them. Emerson Snowe’s “I’ll introduce you to my room, and show you all my favourite things / I’ll tell you stories from my past, and how I was when drinking”, and Leroy Francis: “I’m a loser but we’d laugh a lot / ‘Bout the time we were on the TV / On my rooftop I’d burn on / Waiting patiently praying you won’t be long’”.  Our story will always be our reason why.  It’s our proof, our desire, our bias.  It’s what binds us to others and what makes us live out our imagination. It’s why we make history.  The Make History Issue is available for purchase here. PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck @ Lowe & Co. Worldwide
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Abby Champion @ Next Models
HAIR Kevin Ryan @ Art + Commerce using Unite
MAKEUP Stoj @ Management + Artists using Anastasia Beverly Hills
MANICURIST Dawn Sterling @ Statement Artists
CASTING Calvin Wilson @ Establishment Casting
PRODUCTION Paul Preiss @ Preiss Creative
DIGITAL OPERATOR Keith MacDonald
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANTS Connor Langford and Darren Thomas
PRODUCTION ASSISTANT Max Koiwai  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Roberta Pecoraro @robertapecoraro; Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit.   The best off-duty uniform. A party shirt for day or night. What’s your print? Good times are guaranteed in our pick from DOUBLE RAINBOUU.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: SPORTSMAX AW 18; GIVENCHY AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Career highlight: Christened as a ‘top newcomer’ of AW 18 by Models.com, her shoot with Steven Meisel looks like a sign of things to come.
Playing muse: To Donatella. She starred in Versace’s AW 18 campaign alongside Kaia Gerber and Gigi Hadid.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Givenchy, Dries Van Noten and Christian Dior.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Clearly, they’re the ones. Retro meets modern with Rachel Comey’s statement staples. Wear them with everything. RACHEL COMEY earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Tim Ashton They don’t make ‘em like you no more. Step into the season with The Strand Arcade.
Reserve your complimentary ticket for The Strand Arcade’s Evening with our Designers here. Spend an evening at The Strand Arcade with the designers and personalities behind its extraordinary community, with exclusive experiences and offers available on the night. Evening with our Designers will take place on August 29 from 6pm.   Clothing and jewellery curated from The Strand Arcade. PHOTOGRAPHY Tim Ashton
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Sofia Fanego @ Kult Australia
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANTS Stefan Wellsmore and Vladimir Kravchenko
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Gigi Perry  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan A slingback like no other. Textured wool on a clear lucite chunky heel. Tactile pleasure. ELLERY shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dion Lee, the Australian Ballet Company and renowned underwater photographer Eugene Tan of Aquabumps, join creative forces in a worldwide first. Think ballet dancers choreographed into weightless poses, draped in Dion Lee’s textural pieces and submerged in a blacked-out pool. An underwater abyss is born.   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Georgia Fowler @georgiafowler; Elsa Hosk @hoskelsa.   These rocks don’t lose their shape. From red carpets to sailing the seas. These off-duty girls know diamonds are the ultimate accessory sparkle. Catch the light in our pick from ANITA KO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Simple structure. Handmade in England from sustainable materials. Your new understated friend. WICKER WINGS bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: VALENTINO AW 18; PACO RABANNE AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Russia.
Star sign: Leo.
Playing muse: Has featured in campaigns for Chloé, Louis Vuitton, Prada and Versace.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Lily Davis     Temple of the Sun shows us how we should be wearing their ancient European inspired pieces as a modern-day minimalist – proving you don’t have to be a sundrenched siren to look and feel like a goddess. Lay it on me.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC AW 18. Gorunway.com.   See it though. For AW 18 it was all about feminine on masculine layers, and hints of what lies beneath. Try it on for yourself with our picks from CECILIE BAHNSEN, EWA HERZOG, ZIMMERMANN and SIMONE ROCHA  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Stairway to heaven. Introducing the Matchesfashion.com concept space, 5 Carlos Place, launching in September in the heart of London’s Mayfair. The retail space will boast five floors, uniting online shopping with content experience and events through both digital and physical interactions, creating an immersive retail experience like never before. Press splay for your first glimpse.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   JIL SANDER AW 18. Gorunway.com.    Keep me warm. From Jil Sander to Michael Kors, this AW 18 wrapped an extra layer of warmth around the runways. Bring bed with you. Shop our selects from BURBERRY, ETRO, LE KASHA and MONCLER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     What’s mine is yours. J.W.Anderson casts his eye to the horizon by inviting emerging artists to submit photography to a gallery space for his SS 18 collection. It’s the new generation.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     It’s better when we’re together. Seoul-based dream pop outfit, ADOY, talk success and onstage happiness, whilst rocking out in Levi’s AW 18 denim collection. Made to be lived in.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     Lennon Gallagher, the son of iconic Liam Gallagher, works his new frames for Saint Laurent’s AW 18 eyewear collection. Champagne supernova.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Suspended pearls and coral shaped silver become immortalised in Meadowlark’s Of the Sea collection, with earrings, rings, necklaces and chokers inspired by uncovered treasures of the deep. Dive in – the ocean never felt so luxurious.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     The night is always young if the disco ball doubles as the sun. Preluding the next addition to the Second Summer of Love project, Frieze x Gucci take us to Italy.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT To celebrate the opening of the newest Mulberry flagship store, located in the heart of Melbourne’s CBD, take hold of this gold chain strap and rider’s lock Amberley clutch. Ride on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: ROCHAS AW 18; ROBERTO CAVALLI AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: United States, with Nigerian, Chinese and Thai decent.
Full name: Adesuwa Thongpond Pariyasapat Aighewi, pronounced Ah-day-swah.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Chanel, Alexander Wang and Louis Vuitton.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   ALEXANDER WANG AW 18. Gorunway.com.    Working hard or hardly working. The AW 18 runways brought back the two-piece tracksuit for the ultimate in luxury comfort. Shop our selects from OLIVIA VON HALLE, BELLA FREUD and BASSIKE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Andy Warhol believed that “art is what you can get away with,” and now in celebration of the legendary pop culture icon, Calvin Klein Underwear releases its latest collection in partnership with the Andy Warhol Foundation. Titled Andy Warhol: Exposures, ‘77-‘85, the capsule features classic Calvin Klein Underwear styles, including T-shirts, tank tops, bras and briefs, each printed with the artist’s provocative captures, celebrating the human body through Warhol’s singular and filmic lens. Undercover art.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     Alexander McQueen gives us a dose of old fashioned grandeur for its AW 18 film campaign, featuring Vittoria Ceretti and Rianne Van Rompaey, resplendent in leather bodices and full skirts. Command the space around you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Rodney Deane All I do is think about you. At first light in Tokyo, photographer Rodney Deane captures the faces of the moment. PHOTOGRAPHY Rodney Deane
MODELS Emily Sakura and Saya Honno @ Bravo Models
HAIR Mai @ Model Agency Friday
MAKEUP Rachel Ikegami Special thanks to Cicui at A Certain House in Tokyo.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   TOD’S AW 18. Gorunway.com.    From cosy cuffs to oversized collars, shearling touches were resplendent on the AW 18 runways. Wrap yourself up in our selects by SEA, FENDI, MM6 MAISON MARGIELA and BURBERRY  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Triple looped in yellow gold, the Panthère De Cartier watch is a forever classic. Chained to you. CARTIER watch  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: Logan Crosby @loganemily_; Ruby Aldridge @rubyaldridge.    All hail the Canadian tuxedo. Camille and Caroline know that off-duty days call for layers of denim on denim. Blue jean baby. Try on our pick from MSGM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Not thinking about any more problems but what to do tonight.” Freedom, bikinis, swims at first light, heat, dancing ’til dawn. Six Mango muses, including Bambi Northwood-Blyth, explore what summer and its everlasting days mean to them in the brand’s latest film campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: UMA WANG AW 18; PORTS 1961 AW 18. Gorunway.com.    Hails from: Japan, she’s now based in the USA.
Debut: Was introduced to modelling by her mother when she was 10.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Dior, Céline, Zimmermann and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Celebrate the sisterhood. Steven Meisel helms the camera for Chloé’s AW 18 film campaign, captured in a series of tableaux on the industrial banks of the East River, NYC.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I really wish I had an amazing advice for everyone, but I don’t. I’m still learning and I try not to be too hard on myself. We’re only humans, not robots.” Our newest digital covergirl has us caught in a dream we don’t want to wake up from. Nature girl, and muse to McLellan and Vanderperre, if she considers you a friend you’ll be as close as family. In the dream-like fields of London’s Wansten Flats we spent a golden afternoon getting to know our Face of July – Moa Aberg.  SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   DRIES VAN NOTEN AW 18. Gorunway.com.    They’re calling it the new black. From R13 to Moschino, the AW 18 runways celebrated the bright, citrus hue. Shop our selects from MARA HOFFMAN, MARNI, JIL SANDER and ADIDAS  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Alexa Chung and Poppy Delevingne @alexachung; Ruby Aldridge @rubyaldridge.    From the red carpet to the afterparty. Shimmy in the night with a sequinned dress à la Rosie and Ruby. Try on our pick from GALVAN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Australian favourite Aje captures the strength and spirit of artist Georgia O’Keeffe, muse for the brand’s SS 18 statement blouse as worn by RUSSH girl Jess PW.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo In celebration of the launch of Vestiaire Collective’s Designer Series, five Australian designers will be some of the first to sell their exclusive archived personal and brand pieces on the site. We can’t go past Louise Olsen from Dinosaur Designs’s silver double hoop earring donation. Old favourites bring new delights. LOUISE OLSEN FROM VESTIAIRE COLLECTIVE earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson    PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Milne The girl from north country. Raised in the wide open spaces of Sweden, hers was an upbringing spent out of the city, surrounded by family. “When I was younger I never realised what a blessing it was to grow up in a place like that, just living and learning really freely,” she tells us. “Now when I live in bigger cities I appreciate it so much more … We had a lot of horses, so I started horseback riding at an early age.” It was this first love that brought her into the world of modelling – she was scouted at a horse show at the age of 12 – and why she feels so at home in nature. So on a summer’s day in London we took her out to her happy place, the fields of Wansten Flats in Epping Forest, and talked personal style, life lessons and all-time favourite quotes with our blue-eyed Face of July, Moa Aberg. A Taurus by the stars (although she’s “never been into this whole star sign thing”), she admits they are “stubborn people, and I actually am too stubborn for my own good”. Perhaps it’s her remote upbringing that forged such a strong constitution in our newest digital covergirl – she’s a self-described “very straightforward girl. I’m honest, and if you’re a close friend of mine you mean just as much to me as my family.” This resilience and loyalty has only helped pave the way for her career – she’s walked runways for Burberry and Chanel, and posed before photographers such as Alasdair McLellan and Willy Vanderperre – forging close connections along the way. “I definitely have some close friends who also work as models. Although those friendships are the hardest, because someone is always travelling or other things come in between,” she explains. “I’m one of those people who have a few close friends that I’d kill for, it doesn’t give me anything to be fake friends with 100 people.” 
“I am sometimes closed off and sometimes a little too real with people, but at the end of the day that’s something friends appreciate.”
 
“I really wish I had an amazing advice for everyone, but I don’t. I’m still learning and I try not to be too hard on myself. We’re only humans, not robots.”
 She’s as straightforward and down to earth in her beauty routine as you’d expect. “I’ve tried so many creams / face washes that at one point I was going crazy. I’ve been to dermatologists who prescribed me super crazy products because I’ve had pro-acne skin. One day I was just like ‘fuck this’ and threw everything away,” she laughs. “I slowly but surely got into natural, organic skin products and makeup. Today it’s almost all I use, and my skin is better than ever.” Her personal style follows suit: “super simple and chill. I really admire those people who have great outfits every day, and really think about what they’re wearing. I’m not like that, I just walk out the door in whatever piece of clothing that is most suitable for the weather.” “I’m not really a person with a lot of secrets. But … I’m extremely competitive, and a really sore loser.” She calls her personal mantra “super cheesy” but “effective”: “Be the change you wish to see in the world … It’s easy to blame things on everyone else instead of starting with yourself.” And as far as personal idols go, “I don’t really have an idol, but I do pay attention to what some people say in interviews, and I try to carry that with me rather than looking up to one person,” explains Aberg. “My two latest favourite things that I wrote down are: ‘You step through the door without knowing what’s on the other side, and you’re terrified. Then you realise, whats on the other side is everything,’ (Jim Carrey). And number two is when Adele said ‘I want people around me that tell me no. Because I’ve seen people who surround themselves with yes-people, and they make shit records and they’re shit people’.” A straight shooter, loyal to the core, and strong enough to be exactly who she is, all the time. Our Face of July is a ride or die woman. “[What I enjoy most about modelling is] probably the traveling opportunities and how much you can learn about the world and about people. I’m not gonna lie, I totally enjoy the glamorous moments that comes with it too.” “I think it’s badass when you’re at a dinner and someone speaks their mind to the fullest, but still also respects other peoples thoughts and feelings.” PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Milne
FASHION Anna Foster
MODEL Moa Aberg @ IMG Models
HAIR Liz Taw @ The Wall Group  using Aveda
MAKEUP Joanna Banach  using M.A.C
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Phillip Bradley
STYLIST’S ASSISTANTS Amy Ryall and Honey Elias  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     Jil Sander’s latest gift from the mind of director Wim Wenders, Time Passing, follows the daily routines of two impeccably dressed creatures of habit for AW18. What will happen when they come face to face?  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Lily Davis    PHOTOGRAPHY Kitty Callaghan SPONSORED CONTENT 1/16      The Louis Vuitton Pre-Fall 18 collection, captured for RUSSH by Kitty Callaghan, invited us to revisit our childhood dreams of outer space and indulgence. From galaxy-laden, star-speckled menswear and bags, to lustrous splashes of silver metallics running across both men’s and women’s pieces, the LV stars aligned. The classics were also all in attendance, with the iconic LV monogram embossed on bags, belts, shoes and luggage trunks. Across the universe.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You, me and the ocean air. Miu Miu invites us on a seaside escape with Massima Desire and Carson Zehner, adorned in the must-have pieces from the brand’s Iconic Wardrobe collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Cruising route 66. M.i.h Jeans and London-based stylist Bay Garnett have dropped their second collaborative capsule collection, Golborne Road, inspired by thrifted denim and vintage dead stock discovered in the depths of L.A.’s finest flea markets, as well as Garnett’s own extensive vintage collection. With a focus on sustainability, the duo has created a five-piece capsule boasting classic cut denim and the forever-coveted animal print. Easy tiger.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   CHANEL AW 18. Gorunway.com.    It’s all about that comfort and warmth. From neon green at Sportmax to black and beaded at Chanel, the AW 18 runways were calling all puffer jackets. Try on our selects from RICK OWENS, CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC, PINKO and PRADA  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Shearling collars, candy stripes and contrast stitching – Bally champions playful classics in rich warm tones for its AW 18 campaign film, starring Edie Campbell and Wang Chen Ming.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: ALICE MCCALL AW 18; CHALAYAN AW 18. Gorunway.com.    Hails from: Australia.
Debut: Winner of Australia’s Next Top Model‘s tenth season.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Balmain, Saint Laurent, Dior and Valentino.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Back to where you once belonged. Stella McCartney produces “one of the most emotional ad campaigns I’ve ever shot” for the brand’s AW 18 collection. Set in the backdrop of the designer’s youth, Scotland’s Mull of Kintyre, and captured by Johnny Dufort, the film pays homage to her past and the strength and heritage of the modern McCartney woman.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Ride on. Maria Grazia Chiuri brings new life to Christian Dior’s iconic saddle bags for AW 18. Available in boutiques now. CHRISTIAN DIOR bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes She’s got a ticket to ride, but she don’t care. The girl in Chanel’s Coco Neige capsule collection, we’ll follow her anywhere. PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Shimma @ Kult Australia
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative
MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Title Artist Management using Chanel Beauty  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   ANNA SUI AW 18. Gorunway.com.   The chapeau of the season comes knitted, monogrammed, bejewelled, or all of the above. Whether the embellished showstoppers at Dolce & Gabbana or the oversized multicoloured versions at Missoni – the beanie was the must-have accessory for AW 18. Wrap your head up in I LOVE MR MITTENS, ACNE STUDIOS, FENDI and THE ELDER STATESMAN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Isabella Rooney     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      A welcome comeback. Originally making its debut in the maison’s Spring Summer 2000 ready-to-wear collection, the saddle bag – an icon in its own right – has been reinvented for the modern Dior woman in Maria Grazia Chiuri’s AW 18 collection for Christian Dior. With the same classic shape and gold initials, the carrier can be found in monochromatic leather, 70s inspired patchwork bearing love notes from the brand, or crafted in fine, hand-beaded embroidery and fringed cross-body straps. Prepare to fall in love all over again.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan You can’t dance and stay uptight. Alice McCall launches its Resort 19 accessories collection, complete with bags, belts and shoes. A runway favourite (and ours): the Moonlight boots. From dusk ’til dawn. ALICE MCCALL shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Michael Brunt Throw your arms around me. From Sportmax’s plush pink to Scanlan Theodore’s sleek and shapely checks. Invest in a statement coat to carry you through the cooler months. “Go bold with colour and texture, or keep it refined and sleek. Have fun and play with your shape and style.”
–  Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor. “Under wraps. A coat needn’t be classic – go statement with colours and textures.” – Ellen Presbury, Market & Beauty Editor. PHOTOGRAPHY Michael Brunt
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Billie Adams @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst using Giorgio Armani Beauty
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Emilia Doohan  ISABEL MARANT coat from Parlour X.  JACQUEMUS earrings from My Chameleon.  SCANLAN THEODORE coat.  SEA coat from East43.  CÉLINE top from Parlour X.  C&M CAMILLA AND MARC coat.  CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC top from Parlour X.  HOPE coat from My Chameleon.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      Another kind of summer. British label Joshua Millard embraces pastoral tradition for its Resort 19 collection, inspired by the farming culture of the designer’s childhood spent in Dorset. Men’s and women’s pieces feature layers of ethically sourced shearling, silk and wool, crafting a kind of utilitarian freedom grounded in elegance. Go rogue.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   GARETH PUGH AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Ali MacGraw in Love Story first showed us the power of a belted coat. Between Marni’s high shine and Miu Miu’s voluminous leather, AW 18 proved again that outerwear can be always-wear. Buckle up this season with GUCCI, JOSEPH, LOEWE and MAX MARA  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     Hell hath no fury. Prada brings back the iconic flame motif for its AW 18 360 film instalment, starring Amanda Murphy and Sarah Paulson. Neon angels own the night.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Sundrenched splendour. Byron Bay-based footwear label St. Agni captures the ultimate summer daydream, complete with two new styles now available exclusively on Net-A-Porter. Sail on silver girl.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Shanina Shaik @shaninamshaik; Adriana Lima @adrianalima.   These boots were made for walking. From Adriana to Elsa, this season’s off-duty staple is a red boot worn from day into the night. Try on our pick from GIANVITO ROSSI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Gigi Perry     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   Adolfo Dominguez.   Modern alchemy. The new addition to Melbourne’s high end shopping space, St. Collins Lane, will alleviate any unchecked lust for luxuriating under those European skies this winter. Featuring international brands such as Maje, The Kooples, Sandro and Zadig & Voltaire, retail heaven is a place on earth.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5         She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   From left: Y-PROJECT AW 18; PRABAL GURUNG AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Netherlands
RUSSH girl: Featured in the pages of our Stand By Me issue, captured by photographer Hannah Scott-Stevenson.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Chanel, Balmain, Valentino and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13   ALEXANDER WANG AW 18. Gorunway.com.   You’ve got to network. Gucci added name tags while Balmain had models all wrapped up -AW 18 was about getting your name out there, literally, with brand names and logos emblazoned across dresses, coats and knitwear. Subtlety be damned. Embrace the logomania with BALENCIAGA, GUCCI, VERSACE and MONSE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Get up (get on up). Kate Sylvester’s sister line, Sylvester, presents its SS 18 collection film, Dance Hall.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Chloe Nour SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Run away with me. Matin presents its SS 18 campaign, captured on location in Versailles and Sacré-Cœur, Montmatre, by photographer Chloe Nour. Featuring signature linens, natural palettes and sheer fabrications, the Matin muse continues to seek adventure. The collection launches in August.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The gang’s all here. Alasdair McLellan captures RUSSH girl Lily Nova, along with other faces of the moment, converging at London’s Barbican Centre dressed in the best of Miu Miu’s AW 18 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A celebration of British style and heritage. Vivienne Westwood collaborates with Burberry – the first collection under new Creative Director Riccardo Tisci – on a collection of limited edition and reimagined styles. The new icons will launch in December 2018.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Are you ready for your close up? It’s a Louis Vuitton lineup for AW 18, full of gilded vests, bedazzled accessories and wild west shearling. Stand tall.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan A limited edition piece in Sydney’s Castlereagh Street boutique. With its signature glittering python motif, the Bond Blue is one of 10 python Bvlgari bags inspired by Australia’s iconic Bondi Beach. Just keep swimming. BVLGARI bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT What the water gave me, what the water took. Kate Moss stars in Saint Laurent’s moody Winter 18 film, directed by Inez and Vinoodh.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Alexa Chung @alexachung; Anja Konstantinova @anja_konstantinova.   Here comes the sun. Make like Vittoria and Dilone and rock the happiest hue from head to toe. Try on our pick from MARC JACOBS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT From sky-high hair to tributes to the late Hubert de Givenchy. We round up the best of Haute Couture AW 18 in Paris. Understated elegance. CHANEL
Channeling the steely grey Parisian landscape, Lagerfeld’s collection featured the maison’s signature tweed, chiffon and embellishment in shades of charcoal, silver and ash. CHRISTIAN DIOR
Minimal, unfussy and crafted with purpose. Maria Grazia Chiuri’s couture woman was a future classic. A new wave. FENDI
The expansion of Fendi couture. From coloured coats, skirt suits and a fresh take on faux fur, it was a 60s mod affair for AW 18. GIAMBATTISTA VALLI
Don’t wait up. Subtle skin, voluminous gowns and playful pops of colour – Giambattista Valli’s AW 18 vision was one of youth and attitude. Remembering a master. GIVENCHY
A tribute to the late Hubert de Givenchy by Clare Waight Keller. Capes, free-flowing gowns and exquisite tailoring. Breakfast at Tiffany’s. VALENTINO
Extravagant proportions and volume paired with bright colour and craftsmanship. A dreamy wonderland of couture, with supermodel offspring Kaia Gerber stealing the show.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   ALEXANDER MCQUEEN AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hermès went belted while Isabel Marant veered retro, but one thing that remained for AW 18 was a serious love for leather. Smooth operator. Try our selects at NK, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN, CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC and NANUSHKA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: SPORTMAX AW 18; LACOSTE AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Denmark.
Playing muse: Featured in Calvin Klein, Chloé, Marni and Prada SS 18 campaigns.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Valentino, Givenchy, Alexander McQueen and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: ALBERTA FERRETTI AW 18; MARQUES’ALMEIDA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Reflect your way into the night. From Christopher Kane to Alberta Ferretti, the silver dress shone brightly on the AW 18 runways. BYO disco. Shop our take at GUCCI, MARIA LUCIA HOHAN, GALVAN and BALMAIN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      You’re my obsession. Gucci launches its AW 18 campaign, captured by longtime collaborator of the brand, Glen Luchford. Inspired by eccentric collectors and lovers of art, those bower bird seekers of vintage pieces, paintings and antiques, the campaign is rich in kitsch and colour and quintessentially Gucci. Go your own way.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Seeking inspiration in the world of art, Sarah & Sebastian’s Torc earrings – part of their new Heirloom collection – hug the lobes with 9k yellow gold curved statement lines. Forever and always. SARAH & SEBASTIAN earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   SACAI AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Create your own. From Marni to Margiela to McQueen – AW 18 saw cut and paste, do-it-yourself tailoring take over the runways. Try it yourself with BALENCIAGA, MARNI, LOEWE and PRADA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kitty Callaghan SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14      A slice of Australiana in Paris. Romance Was Born debuted for the first time at Paris Fashion Week, hosting its Step Into Paradise ‘kinda couture’ runway collection at a 125-year-old Parisian gymnasium. Inspired by the works of Chinese-Australian artist Jenny Kee (who attended the show), the collection captured the label’s quintessential whimsy through neon-coloured beading, feathered fringing and delicate embroidery, and paid homage to the brand’s Antipodean roots in references to the Great Barrier Reef and Dorothea McKellar’s iconic poem, My Country. Here, Contributing Editor Kitty Callaghan offers a behind the scenes glimpse into the couture collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Elsa Hosk @hoskelsa; Andreea Diaconu @andreeadiddy.   Rethink the everyday blue wash and channel Elsa and Andreea with crisp white denim for your off-duty style. So fresh, so clean. Try on our pick from EVE DENIM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The early sun, the stormy skies, the wind that picks up and parts the clouds – that’s all Grace; soft and wild. Auguste presents its latest film campaign for new collection, Grace. Focusing on careful details and subtle textures, frills, studs and lace weave their way through soft sundresses and separates, brought to life in nostalgia-drenched film, captured in the hidden cradles of the coast.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Isabella Rooney     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      Home is wherever I’m with you. Matchesfashion.com has announced the launch of its homeware studio, a new dedicated product category for the online retailer featuring an expertly curated edit of interiors and lifestyle pieces from new and established designers. Think Luke Edward Hall’s hand-painted ceramics, Bella Freud’s scented candles, Pendleton blankets from Calvin Klein 205W39NYC and delicately embroidered throw pillows courtesy of Gucci. Inspired by the notion that “the lifestyle of our customers extends into their home environments,” the new chapter from Matchesfashion.com launches July 4.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan May I have this dance? With its almond shaped toe and block heel, Mansur Gavriel’s white leather ballerina pumps have us spinning en pointe. MANSUR GAVRIEL shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT It’s in her hands. Salvatore Ferragamo enlists Belgrade-born, NY-based artist and interior designer Ana Kraš for the brand’s Studio bag campaign – inspired by Ferragamo’s first studio, the Hollywood Boot Shop in California.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: BOTTEGA VENETA AW 18; LOUIS VUITTON AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: New York, United States.
Playing muse: Hayes secured a worldwide exclusive for Louis Vuitton’s SS 17 season.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Valentino, Christian Dior, Dolce & Gabbana and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   GIVENCHY AW 18. Gorunway.com.   From Mary Katrantzou’s geometric offering to Max Mara’s plush pink take – the AW 18 runways saw faux fur coats take their stride. Warm up in MAISON MARGIELA, R13, FENDI VINTAGE and SHRIMPS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Here comes your man. Jacquemus unveils his long-anticipated menswear collection, Le Gadjo, presented on the edge of the ocean by Marseille in the South of France. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Devon Windsor @devwindsor; Gisele Bündchen @gisele.   Baby it’s cold outside. Make like Carolyn and Karlie and cosy up in your best turtleneck. Hold me closer. Try on our pick from VIKTORIA & WOODS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Green rose tinted lenses floating in delicate tortoiseshell frames. A statement aviator like no other from the master of accessories – Chloé. CHLOÉ sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Ski-wear meets scuba-chic. From Calvin Klein to Gucci, the AW 18 runways have us rethinking the humble balaclava. Wrap yourself up in LE KASHA, JEAN PAUL GAULTIER VINTAGE and FENTY X PUMA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood Time passes slowly and fades away. A study of Chaumet’s finest jewels. PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood
FASHION Ellen Presbury
PROP STYLIST Christelle Scifo @ Fleurette  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Anthony Vaccarello’s obsession with his Saint Laurent muse, Zoë Kravitz, continues for the brand’s latest campaign, #YSL16. Soaked in neon and cool as ever, Kravitz embodies the rock ‘n’ roll attitude of the maison, directed here by Nathalie Canguilhem and soundtracked by French musician and DJ, Sebastien.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: ADAM SELMAN AW 18; ALBIN TEODORO AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Kiev, Ukraine.
Debut: Opened Alexander Wang’s SS 13 show.
Hobbies: When she’s not in front of the lens she’s drawing, creating art for her illustration page.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Balenciaga, The Row, Maison Margiela and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: CHLOÉ AW 18; CHRISTIAN DIOR AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Worn on the outer, designed to be seen. Take your cues from Loewe and Christian Dior and put your best bra forward. Shop our selects at ARAKS, LONELY LINGERIE, AIMEE CHERIE and LA PERLA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Miu Miu’s new short film, Summer Dreams, evokes the ease and beauty of summer months spent escaping the city and getting lost in newfound paradises. If you need us, we’ll be here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Chocolate brown meets charcoal leather, with Burberry’s signature D-ring detail. A sleek carry-all and your new staple accessory. Swing with it. BURBERRY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson Castaway, or runaway. She chased the dawn to the brink of the ocean. PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Hannah Cooper
MODEL Beck Hume @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Title Artist Management using Chanel
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Ryan Stamatiades
STYLIST’S ASSISTANTS Zeni Neilson and Ida Neilson  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      The art of the line. French luxury jewellery maison Chaumet enriches its Liens story with the introduction of Liens Séduction – a romantic take on the brand’s traditional cross motif in the form of a delicate ribbon tied with the lightest touch, rendered in pink or white gold and laced with diamonds. The 22-piece collection features stackable rings and bracelets, as well as earrings and pendants, crafted as symbols of eternal attachment – two parts, inextricably linked. Liens Séduction is one of the five chapters in the house’s Liens line, which also includes Liens Evidence, Liens d’Amour, Jeux de Liens and Liens Lumiere watch. All I want is you.  CHAUMET Liens Seduction WG hoop earrings  CHAUMET Liens Seduction PG bracelet  CHAUMET Black Satin watch  CHAUMET Jeux de Liens earrings  CHAUMET Liens Evidence WG ring  CHAUMET Jeux de Liens Sautoir  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Never ending country roads and big skies that kiss the hilltops. RUSSH girl Phoebe Tonkin takes us to the heart of Scotland, dressed in the warmest cashmere knits from Barrie, and captured by photographer and RUSSH contributor Ryan Brabazon.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Isabella Rooney     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      Made for the sun, the salt and the sea – introducing Zulu & Zephyr‘s Signatures collection. Captured by friend, photographer and brand favourite, Henrik Purienne, the campaign channels the glamour and sensuality of the 80s and 90s, and celebrates classic shapes and timeless styles reintroduced in black, olive green and white, and available exclusively online. Pure shores.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: OFF-WHITE AW 18; BRANDON MAXWELL AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Double or nothing. Take your cues this season from Miu Miu and Acne Studios and embrace 90s nostalgia through the tried-and-true Canadian tuxedo. The more denim the better. Shop our take at REJINA PYO, ACNE STUDIOS, MM6 MAISON MARGIELA and TWIIN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Isabella Rooney     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      A continued experiment of graphics and colour. Ukrainian streetwear label Syndicate and Ukrainian artist Masha Reva’s latest collaborative collection for AW 18, captured in Paris, explores the nature of shape and the fluid form of the human body. Crafting silhouettes through authentic and artistic expression, and “using clothing as a canvas”, the collection features screen printed designs by Reva on a variety of coats, jackets, shirts and sweatshirts. Authentically you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Zippora Seven @zippyseven; Zuzanna Bijoch @bijochzuzanna.   Footloose and fancy free – off-duty model-style. Whether like Anja’s citrus flavoured pair or Zippy’s soft pink foot warmers, inject a little colour into your wardrobe with a statement sock. Go dancing in our pick from LUCY FOLK.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan A statement earring like no other. Bordeaux rectangular perspex with crystal drop detail – with accessories like these you need little else. SYLVIO GIARDINA earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jacqueline Alwill    PHOTOGRAPHY thebrownpaperbag.com.au SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   CAROLINA HERRERA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Born in the United States, with Kenyan heritage.
Playing muse: Featured in Prada’s SS 18 advertising campaign.
Runway: In her first season walked for Prada, Marc Jacobs and Christian Dior.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Made in Italy. Made to be seen. From Phoebe Philo’s swansong collection, the essential tote that’s an instant icon. Get it while you can. CÉLINE bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      “Body experience … is the centre of creation.”  – Barbara Hepworth Holly Ryan unveils Resort 19 – an expansion of the label’s fine jewellery universe, with the brand’s signature shapes evolving to include hair accessories, belts, sunglasses (in collaboration with Pared Eyewear) and footwear (in collaboration with Noosa-based brand Woven Palm). Beauty within details, something for everyone.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT We’re more demanding than ever of the clothes we select each day. Gone is the age of ignorant shopping, and ‘sustainability’ is more than just an industry buzzword used to sell us garments – it’s become something we actively seek out when building a modern wardrobe. Enter Snowy Mountains-based Spirit Natural Clothing, a brand whose aim is to make transparent connections between the clothes we wear and the places they come from. With a collection of hemp jeans and other natural fibre classics, the label originated primarily as a vehicle for change. “I wasn’t seeing what I wanted in the market,” says co-founder Tom Osborne, “contemporary, well designed, durable classics made from hemp, superior to cotton in so many ways – less water usage, pesticide free, breathable, durable. So I decided to solve the problem I could see myself … utilitarian, unisex garments that will wear in with you. There’s no blending with synthetics or stretch, so they’ll last longer and can be repaired, and even re-plant dyed, so they’ll gain personality as they age,” he explains. “We’re not trying to rewrite the book here – it’s simple stuff but it’s true to us. We live on a biodynamic farm, and are trying to create a life and products that we’re proud of.” Spirit Natural Clothing’s launch film is produced and directed by filmmaker Sammy Hawker.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   TOM FORD AW 18. Gorunway.com.   It’s time to rethink the fishnet. From Tom Ford’s demure take to Dolce & Gabbana’s ankle sock version – AW 18 made a case for cut-out hosiery. Up the stakes with contrasting glittered heels. Try our selects at ASOS, WOLFORD, FALKE and DARNER SOCKS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A natural beauty, muse to Meisel and McGinley, and a big believer in trusting your intuition, “you never know what will happen or who you will meet today”, our Face of June is one we can’t let get away. On a London rooftop at Regent’s Canal we got to know our newest digital covergirl, and it’s about time you did too – meet Jay Wright. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Bright young things. New Zealand-based designer Maggie Marilyn presented her Resort 19 collection in New York, coloured with bold stripes, silk ruffles and bursts of bright fuchsia crafted in ethically sourced silks and organic New Zealand merino wool. Take a glimpse behind the scenes of the collection showing with RUSSH.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson    PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Milne Jay Wright lives on a feeling – for her, the energy of a person means more than the accolades they’ve attained. As a self-described empath, she finds joy in connecting on an “energetic level with a ‘stranger’”, and credits having an open mind with her successful modelling career to date. “My friend from college told me about an open call,” she explained. “It happened to be right when I got off of work and was right around the corner. [I] went in with an open mind came out with a phone call … asking me to come back. Two months later I walked Marc Jacobs.” Though if you ask us, those ethereal vibes, hazel eyes and delicate smattering of freckles can’t have hurt either. On a sun-dappled rooftop near London’s Regent’s Canal we talked nicknames, natural beauty and pre-tech childhoods with this Iowa-native and our Face of June: Jay Wright. “[My idols are] people with pure intentions who act accordingly. People who appreciate the small things. People who move towards overall growth and don’t take everything personally.” A left-handed Capricorn (“parts of it [ring true], but honestly, they could relate to anyone”), this all-American girl was born in Iowa City, Iowa, with a childhood brimming with outdoor activities – tree climbing, worm digging and biking. “I am so thankful my childhood came before technology took over,” she muses. An artist from an early age, Wright’s creativity manifests itself in her paintings – vivid pinks, blue and yellows swirled together across a canvas, a bright sun with rays that stretch right to the curled edges of a sketch book – and stories of magic and higher power. “I don’t always read since I usually make art if I have free time but I love magical stories such as The Lord of The Rings, mysteries and self-help spiritual books.” “[What I enjoy most about modelling is] being pushed outside of my comfort zone which leads to immense personal growth. As well as travelling and being able to experience different cultures / ways of living.” After walking her first show for Marc Jacobs’s SS 16 collection, Wright soon found herself on the runways of Gucci, Balenciaga and Christian Dior. A natural beauty, she’s played muse for such greats as Steven Meisel and Ryan McGinley, and is a staunch believer in keeping her skincare regimen as pure as she can (“I keep my beauty routine all-natural with the oil cleansing method and various essential oils”) and dresses the way she feels: “my go-to outfit depends on my mood”. What makes her happy? “Animals. Watching people act without knowledge of me being there. A good meal. A sign of thought and care from another.” Her personal mantra is simple, “trust your intuition … You never know what will happen or who you will meet today”. And as for the future? “You’ll have to stay posted and see,” she says with a wink. Girl in the world, Wright’s going nowhere but up. And if you’re looking for a sign, this is it. “I get inspired by feelings,
nature, passion, a void.” PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Milne
FASHION Anna Foster
MODEL Jay Wright @ The Squad Management
HAIR Kerri Ewart
MAKEUP Victoria Martin @ Hart & Co using Rationale
LIGHTING ASSISTANT Scott Hobson-Jones
VIDEO CAMERA OPERATOR Daryl Chase
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Hannah Busby  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Bow-front slingbacks with that iconic BB logo print. Walk the walk in a new pair of kitten heels. BALENCIAGA shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   MARC JACOBS AW 18. Gorunway.com.   All wrapped up for extra warmth this season. The AW 18 runways left extra room to move in oversized coats. Layer up with A.W.A.K.E, PIERRE CARDIN VINTAGE, JC DE CASTELBAJAC VINTAGE and VETEMENTS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      You’ve met the Faces who have come before, but never one like this. An empath from Iowa, she walked in to an open call on a whim with “an open mind”, and was walking the runway for Marc Jacobs two months later. When she’s not in front of the lens she’s painting, and describes her idols as “people with pure intentions who act accordingly. People who appreciate the small things. People who move towards overall growth and don’t take everything personally.” So who’s our Face of June? Find out tomorrow on RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14   From left: ALTUZARRA AW 18; COACH 1941 AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Mons, Belgium.
Star sign: Libra.
Scouted: Dancing to Sorry at a Justin Bieber concert.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Jacquemus, Valentino, Chanel and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      An everlasting summer. Camilla and Marc releases its exclusive Vacation Edit capsule collection: a 14-piece injection of wardrobe staples for those escaping the cool winter months in search of hot sand and sunrise swims. Warm tones, free-flowing silhouettes and relaxed luxury. It’s time to book your next vacation, and we know what you’ll be packing.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      New order. Yu Mei unveils its Resort 18 collection, photographed by Harry Were and styled by Paris Mitchell (co-founder of Paris Georgia). The duo captured the brand’s new leather goods collection – minimal, timeless and refined designs for any time of the day or night.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jess Blanch    PHOTOGRAPHY Jan Lehner “To be naked is to be oneself … To be naked is to be without disguise. To be on display is to have the surface of one’s own skin, the hairs of one’s own body, turned into a disguise which, in that situation, can never be discarded.” – John Berger If we are not observed, if we cannot be found, do we even exist? Today, more than ever, our sense of self, what we are willing to share with the world and what we keep to ourselves, is intrinsically linked to our identifiability. The modern lens seems to recognise only the seen, and the unseen. If it’s not documented, it didn’t happen.  We have surrendered our right to privacy in a trade for hyper-connection. Through our habitation of digital space we’ve opted to live our lives with an audience, seeing ourselves not as we are but as we appear in the mirrors of others; our outer world being a reflection of their perception. There are no strangers anymore and we are all, whether we like the connotation or not, voyeurs. In essence, we’ve got as real and open as we can be with our own human behaviour and that of others. But can we handle it? Is the constant connection, the long-lost anonymity, making us more alone than ever? And is the story we choose to tell the story we actually believe?  This issue reflects on how all that we see and feel has changed. It studies the complexity of our own inner desires through the work of erotic art photographer Francis Giacobetti, re-examining censorship and the dialogue about sexual dynamics in art. We explore female nakedness and what a woman in control of her own body means in the world today, along with the changing place of beauty in intellectual discourse, seemingly at odds with our society’s growing obsession with it, and the invisibility that can accompany ageing. Our cover model Cat McNeil, chosen for her own brand of mystery, plays with different levels of intimacy under the gaze of multiple photographers, including one she chose entirely herself. If, as Gabriel García Márquez suggested, “everyone has three lives; a public life, a private life and a secret life”, then we can still each grace our own limits of what we want to reveal, conceal and what we choose to be blind to. But observing and understanding are not the same and, sometimes, the more that is told, the less we seem to know. Is it now what we choose not to show, what we hold back, that truly defines us? When so much is shared then surely it is our secrets that hold the key to our soul. Real connection lies in the mystery of those we let closest; the freckle only a lover could know about, the complete nakedness of sharing thoughts so deep in the mind we sometimes can’t even articulate them to ourselves and the lyrics to a song we can only bear to listen to alone. May we guard our secrets, honour our privacy and remember that, sometimes, it is with a closed eye that we can see farther. In a wild twist, I joined Instagram during the making of this Privacy Issue. You can find me @thisisjessblanch. The Privacy Issue, available for purchase here. PHOTOGRAPHY Jan Lehner @ Webber Represents
FASHION Melissa Levy
MODEL Cat McNeil @ The Society Management
HAIR Benjamin Muller
MAKEUP Linda Gradin @ L’Atelier NYC
PRODUCERS Molly Carroll and Tessa Maxwell @ The Production Factory
SET DESIGN Dorothée Baussan
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Nate DeCarlo
DIGITAL OPERATOR Nick Barr
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Sara Van Pée
PRODUCTION ASSISTANT Enzo Martinez  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: MARQUES’ALMEIDA AW 18; BOTTEGA VENETA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Renaissance woman. AW 18 was all about luxurious elegance in a cascading velvet dress. Softly does it. Shop our take at ALEXA CHUNG, THE VAMPIRE’S WIFE, SAINT LAURENT and GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Kendall Jenner @kendalljenner; Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah.   Reminiscent of the classic men’s undershirt – think The O.C.’s Ryan and his iconic singlet – it’s time to make like Dilone and Bambi and put on your best white tank. Try on our pick from RE/DONE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      She Made Me launches its Summer 18 collection, Sun it Rises. Inspired by summers on the Cote D’Azur, the collection features elevated, versatile holiday pieces for beach days and bar nights. Your go-to and easy-to-pack wardrobe. Take me away.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Take me away. In the pursuit of a reduction in its carbon footprint, M.i.h Jeans introduces the Paradise capsule collection –  five pieces crafted in a new, sustainable denim textile, specially developed in partnership with the ISKO denim mill in Turkey. Aimed to disrupt and drive change towards more sustainable action within the fashion industry. New dawn.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Man about town. Singer-songwriter Harry Styles takes a stroll to an iconic British institution – the fish and chip shop – for Gucci’s latest men’s tailoring campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Round frames with curved-notch rims, with your choice of coral or sun-tinted lenses. Lord knows I’m a voodoo child. CHLOÉ sunglasses in Coral and Ochre  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I can’t do without you. The soulmates, the sisters and the may-as-well-be, in pieces to treasure always. PHOTOGRAPHY James Nelson
FASHION Anna Foster
MODELS Emily Unkles and Harriet Longhurst @ Elite Model Management, Roza P and Athena Gore @ Select Model Management, Vevina and Delina @ IMG
HAIR Hiroshi Matsushita
MAKEUP Yae Pascoe
SET DESIGN Jess Murphy
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Ebony Talijancich
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Phoebe Brannick  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   ALEXANDER WANG AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Because everything is better in miniature. For the bare essentials only, statement bags came on the smaller size for AW 18. Go small with JACQUEMUS, REJINA PYO, CHLOÉ and LITTLE LIFFNER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: SALVATORE FERRAGAMO AW 18; MIU MIU AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Brazil.
Discovered: After entering a Brazilian modelling contest in 2011.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Balenciaga, Loewe, Chanel, Miu Miu and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Step into their universe. For Prada’s latest film campaign, the brand invites us into its fairytale world – half synthetic, half natural. The Nylon Farm: where artificial intelligence meets human nature and emotion.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      The new girl. Focusing on bolder palettes and sculptural designs, designers Paris and Georgia have taken their brand from Paris Georgia Basics to simply, Paris Georgia. To celebrate the transition, the designers, Paris Mitchell Temple and Georgia Cherrie, have focused their latest campaign on how to dress the ‘Paris Georgia way’. Uncomplicated, minimalistic and elegant.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Through the lens. Given a camera, a bag of clothes and the words “do as you please”, Rag & Bone turns the spotlight on Parisian-born, Brooklyn-based photographer Bibi Borthwick. An intimate self-portrait.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Livin’ la vida Loewe. Creative Director Jonathan Anderson revisits the island of Ibiza for the second collection of Loewe x Paula’s.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   TEMPERLEY LONDON AW 18. Gorunway.com.   I just can’t control my love. From Erdem’s silver shine to Marni’s colour pop. We danced into the night for AW 18 in our finest sequin dresses. Shimmy shimmy ya. Take to the floor in ATTICO, ASHISH, MSGM and MIU MIU.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Alex Tracey She’s the consummate professional with the modern office polish. Shop the latest essentials for eternally classic monochrome workwear. Smooth operator. “Black and white does not mean boring. Have fun with silhouettes, lengths, symmetry and accessories.” –  Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor 
“Keep it simple in blacks and whites. Focus on the fun instead.” – Ellen Presbury, Market & Beauty Editor
 PHOTOGRAPHY Alex Tracey
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Julie Borawska @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency using Ella Baché
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau  J.W.ANDERSON dress from Parlour X  REJINA PYO shirt and skirt from My Chameleon  KOWTOW jumper  MARI GIUDICELLI shoes from Lee Mathews  KOWTOW dress  KAREN WALKER jacket  MARI GIUDICELLI shoes from Lee Mathews  REJINA PYO skirt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Signature gold pebble heels paired with leather bow-embellished details. Our pick is all-white, exclusively available at Net-A-Porter. So fresh. REJINA PYO heels  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Heather Kemesky and Nicolas Ghesquière’s LV muses embody the designer’s iconic tailoring with an elevated twist for Louis Vuitton’s 2018 Pre-Fall collection. Out of this world.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   ALBERTA FERRETTI AW 18. Gorunway.com.   In your hands. For when the morning and evening chill takes over. Protect your hands with AW 18’s most practical accessory – a leather glove for all. Try on a pair from GUCCI, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN, JIL SANDER and CÉLINE VINTAGE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Stay close for comfort. These intimate moments are all that matters. All clothing from Calvin Klein Underwear. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson
FASHION Billie Iveson
TALENT Arca Bayburt, Hannah McDougall and Ollie Henderson @ Chic Management, and Jai Stevens @ IMG
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using R+Co
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using Endota Spa  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR bodysuit.  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR chemise.  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR bralette.  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR bralette.  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR bralette.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Explore the intrinsic bonds between people, house music and 80s underground culture in Adam Csoka Keller and Evelyn Bencicova’s The Second Summer of Love – a film collaboration by Gucci and Frieze Magazine. A celebration of an iconic cultural revolution, 30 years on. Dance ’til dawn.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Willy Vanderperre SPONSORED CONTENT 1/20      Captured by Willy Vanderperre, Calvin Klein 205W39NYC‘s vision of the future – envisaged by Creative Director Raf Simons – includes Warholian florals, oversized knits and utilitarian jackets. Inspired by the iconic extreme’s of Warhol’s work, the brand’s Pre-Fall collection is the everyday, reimagined.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Adriana Lima @adrianalima; Taylor Hill @taylor_hill.   Take me out to the ball game. From football fields to basketball courts. These off-duty models have team spirit in spades. Cheer on in our pick from MONSE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A translation of individuality and authenticity. In a self-directed film for Rag & Bone’s D.I.Y Project, model and icon Ashley Graham captures genuine happiness and her unique personal style. Raw and radiant – a new chapter.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13      Let the sunshine in. Loewe returns to Ibiza to celebrate its second collection with Paula’s Ibiza. Featuring the oversized bags of your dreams in bright colourways and playful prints. It’s a feel-good summer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Alexa Chung @alexachung; Poppy Delevingne @poppydelevingne.   From Eva’s bejewelled number to Sara’s black tie option. It’s a masked affair for these off-duty beauties. Hide away in our pick from MASKS HQ.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: DION LEE AW 18; JIL SANDER AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Free falling. From Jil Sander to Victoria Beckham, a dreamy, long white dress is best for days spent on cloud nine. Shop our selects at JASON WU, ROKSANDA, PARIS GEORGA BASICS and ELLERY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I try to live as much in the present as I can cause this is where I am now, you can not go back and you never know how far your life will take you. So it’s important to stay present or it will pass right before your eyes.” She reminds of a 90s Uma Thurman, this girl from the future with a low key approach to beauty and an appreciation for the here and now. One look and we were captivated, and we know you will be too. It’s time to get acquainted with our Face of May, Maggie Maurer. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson    PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Milne “My name is Margaret Joy Maurer and I come from the future.” That’s the first thing you need to know about our Face of May, and with one glance we can’t help but believe her. There’s something ethereal about her features – those impossibly blue eyes, pale blonde locks and otherworldly cheekbones – it’s no wonder her mother agency searched the country to find her. “I was not really scouted [originally]. My friend Tom Newton sent some pictures of me to Elmer Olsen in Toronto because Daria was one of his favourite models and Elmer discovered her. With no reply from Tom after he sent the photos, Elmer called every Margaret Maurer he could find until he found out where I worked. Very extra …” The day we met Maggie it was cold and grey in London, but she captivated us from the first second. So we listened to music, talked life mottos and natural beauty tips, and got up close and personal with our newest digital covergirl, Maggie Maurer. 
“Sometimes you have to let your life scare you. Things should not always be easy. If you never struggle you never learn and grow.”
 Raised in Upstate New York’s Potsdam, Maurer’s childhood was spent attending homeschool with her six other siblings, and adventuring as much as she could. “My older sister Maliah and I were inseparable. We were outside more than in, and always had friends that were twice our age,” she says. But a serious work ethic was instilled in Maurer from the start, “I started working when I was nine, babysitting, and we would visit our best friends that moved all over the country as often as we could. They were also homeschooled so a proper calendar year had no matter. We were free, but also had to make sure the chores were done. If not, no play.” It’s this dedication to work, whatever task it may be, that landed Maurer an exclusive contract walking with Calvin Klein in her first season in 2013, before quickly being tapped by Maison Margiela, Céline and Gucci. “I saw [modelling] as an opportunity to step outside my comfort zone, and with one choice I changed the whole path of my life … [What I enjoy most is] going to places I would never experience otherwise, the people I get to meet and making beautiful images.” Maurer’s personal mantra speaks to this nomadic lifestyle she’s carved out for herself: “You create the world you live in”. Her other motto? “Treat others the way you want to be treated.” “[I’m a] Scorpio. In some ways. Loyal, caring, tolerant and strong in who they are. Stars signs should not define you, but give you an understanding of yourself and the characteristics you possess.” When it comes to personal beauty, Maurer is nothing but natural: “Don’t put anything on your skin you would not put in your mouth,” she advises. “I don’t use soap, it upsets the natural PH of your skin. Apple cider vinegar mixed with water for toner, rose water mist. I have recently added a zinc spray into this. Let it dry, then aloe (the one I buy also has tea tree in it), then coconut oil with a drop of lavender essential oil.” Her personal style is just as low key: “Easy. A chic, comfortable boy,” she describes, adding her go-to outfit for a night out is “whatever I am wearing at the time. If I have to go home to change I won’t go back out. Also, if I am already at home, I probably won’t go either.” “[My] current obsessions? How the brain works – that is a constant. And balance.” To make her smile? That’s easy. “My friends, my boyfriend’s hands (and him in general), good food, dogs, cosiness, supporting the passions of the people I care about.” And as for the future? “Keeping my mind quite open. Opportunities are always there and one choice changes the direction of where you think you will end up constantly. I try to live as much in the present as I can cause this is where I am now, you can not go back and you never know how far your life will take you. So it’s important to stay present or it will pass right before your eyes.” PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Milne
FASHION Anna Foster
MODEL Maggie Maurer @ IMG
HAIR Alfie
MAKEUP Mel Arter @ CLM using Lancôme
LIGHTING ASSISTANT David Wade
VIDEO CAMERA OPERATOR Daryl Chase
SET DESIGN Jess Murphy
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Hannah Busby  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   BALMAIN AW 18. Gorunway.com.   For those glow in the dark rave nights. The AW 18 runways saw bright neons light the way. Shop our selects at ESTEBAN CORTAZAR, A.W.A.K.E., VETEMENTS and OPENING CEREMONY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      To have and to hold. Natasha Schweitzer releases her first bridal collection, featuring wedding rings, engagement bands and special occasion pieces. Using natural pearls and precious stones, each piece represents years of incredible craftsmanship. Love me tender.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      You’ve met the Faces who have come before, but the first thing you should know about our May digital covergirl is that she comes from the future. There’s a long list of names she’s called by the people she loves, but to us she’s the Scorpio from New York, who believes that “sometimes you have to let your life scare you. Things should not always be easy, if you never struggle you never learn and grow.”  So who’s our Face of May? Find out this tomorrow on RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Shine on. Actress and former Hitchcock muse, Tipi Hedren, follows in her granddaughter Dakota Johnson’s footsteps as the face of Gucci’s jewellery and timepieces collection  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      The road is life. There is freedom in comfort, in knowing yourself truly and expressing yourself exactly how you want to. It’s an ethos echoed by Wrangler in both their line of denim staples and in their latest campaign, Freedom, spotlighting everyday people who inspire others by doing what they’re passionate about. Here, photographer and RUSSH contributor Ryan Brabazon shares film snaps from his road trip into the California desert with stylist and model Kelley Ash and model Rob Moore, each wearing pieces from the latest Wrangler collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Stainless steel with rotating gemstones. Your perfect wrist companion. FENDI watch  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   JACQUEMUS AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Adelaide, originally from South Sudan.
Star Sign: Aquarius
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Jacquemus, Marc Jacobs, Oscar de la Renta and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Set at Bondi’s iconic Icebergs Dining Room and Bar, Maurice Terzini and Lucy Hinckfuss presented their MBFWA collection for Ten Pieces, Rude. Featuring unisex-layered pieces and signature monochrome colour palette, complete with a post-show dance floor, Ten Pieces let us behind the scenes for the show’s final fittings. Punk girls and boys.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dream maker, you heart breaker. A behind the scenes look at the making of a new Moon River with A$AP Ferg and Elle Fanning for Tiffany & Co’s Believe in Dreams campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo One of a kind. Large resin hoops with brass detail stone, and in keeping with the unique craftsmanship of Dinosaur Designs, no two pieces are the same. DINOSAUR DESIGNS earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   PHOTOGRAPHY Amy Wang.   On vacation. Anna Quan presents her Resort 19 collection, Holiday. Featuring timeless pieces for the days spent chasing the sun, as well as the designer’s signature shirting, here, RUSSH takes a look backstage and at pre-show fittings with Anna herself.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   BALENCIAGA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Into the garden. From Balenciaga to Saint Laurent, 80s excess to tea-length hems. For AW 18 the floral dress proved to be a staple of the season. Shop our selects with PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI, MSGM, LOVE MOSCHINO and RIXO LONDON.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Byron Spencer SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13      Kicking off Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia, Camilla and Marc celebrated its 15th anniversary with its Resort 19 runway collection at Centennial Parklands Royal Hall of Industries, featuring the brand’s signature tailoring and oversized accessories. Here, RUSSH takes an exclusive look behind the scenes at the pre-show fittings, photographed by Byron Spencer. Dress me up.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Anything can happen in New York. Tiffany & Co. unveils its Believe in Dreams film campaign, featuring a cover of the iconic song Moon River, reimagined by A$AP Ferg and Elle Fanning. Wherever you’re going, I’m going that way.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Isabella Rooney     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      New cuts, fresh colours, special fastenings and an exclusive hand-drawn floral pattern. Off-White’s Creative Director Virgil Abloh has reinvented and reworked Browns’s most coveted styles, resulting in “a mix of street and chic sensibilities wrapped up into one expression,” says Abloh. Featuring pyjama sets, jackets and iconic flap bags in blue and military green, this 21-piece capsule collection has a distinct essence of Off-White embedded within. Off-White x Browns features designs for both men and women, available now online at Browns.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13   From left: JOHN GALLIANO AW 18; HERMÈS AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Brazil.
Playing Muse: Featured as the face of Net-A-Porter’s SS 18 Campaign.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Loewe, Christopher Kane and Erdem.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo A forever classic. Inspired by motor racing, this is a sports watch laced with diamonds. TAG Heuer watch  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tina Milani     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Sundazed and coconut scented, this is a diary of beach babes and pool punks. Captured on the beaches of Thailand, eyewear label Le Specs has collaborated with the resort-wear brand synonymous with the floral party shirt, Double Rainbouu, to create a collection of vintage-inspired sunglasses for SS 18. Adventure awaits.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   BALENCIAGA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Sway with me. From Balenciaga to Balmain, the AW 18 runways were lined with pleated skirts. Your new winter essential. Shop our selects at CÉDRIC CHARLIER, ALICE + OLIVIA, LEHA and PRADA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo An exclusive capsule collection between Off-White and Sunglass Hut, featuring new lenses and retro proportions. Stronger now. OFF-WHITE X SUNGLASS HUT sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Kaia Gerber @kaiagerber; Alena Blohm @alenablohm.   The future is now. From Imaan to Kaia – a little matrix-inspired eyewear can take you from the light of day and into the night. Try on our pick from OFF-WHITE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Powerful, courageous, audacious and commanding of respect.” TAG Heuer’s latest campaign, captured by wildlife photographer David Yarrow, follows model Cara Delevingne in the heart of South Africa. In the film Delevingne moves between freedom and captivity, power and fragility, and comes face-to-face with a wild and magnificent lion. Hold my gaze.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      Reliquia launches its new collection, Emilie. The range includes a combination of Keshi pearls, artificial pearls and gold accents, each piece crafted using Reliquia’s signature vintage-inspired aesthetic. A piece for now and forever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   From left: ANNA SUI AW 18; JASON WU AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Texas, United States.
Debut: Walked exclusively for Proenza Schouler’s SS 16 runway.
Signature look: Those iconic freckles and long auburn hair.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Valentino, Versace and Louis Vuitton.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Burberry reveals the third instalment of its collaborative series of photographs by model Adwoa Aboah and photographer Juergen Teller. Aboah has previously been shot with her family and friends in London, where she was born, and in New York where she lives. The third chapter is captured in Ghana around her family home in Accra, celebrating Aboah’s West African heritage. Take me home.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   APC AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Put your best vest forward. From Preen by Thornton Bregazzi to Carven, the knitted overlay paved the way for AW 18. Shop our selects from BURBERRY, JIL SANDER, MIU MIU and CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Here come the girls. Chanel unveils its new fine jewellery collection, Coco Crush – appropriate for summer days spent lounging poolside, afternoon road trips and nights by the roulette tables.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Riot girls. Nachtman unveils it’s Punk Whisky tumbler set. Drink up. NACHTMANN glasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Catch me if you can. Australian model and RUSSH face Bambi Northwood-Blyth plays muse for Voodoo’s new campaign. Photographed and styled by Alexandra Spencer, the campaign sees the real-life friends take to the streets of New York City in Voodoo’s AW 18 range.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Sustainable jewellery and interior objects label surō presents its AW 18 jewellery collection, lost. Featuring nine pairs of earrings and four pendants, each one is made exclusively from precious metals and features a unique identity and backstory. Choose your artefact.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Photographed in a luxury private residence in New York, The Daily Edited releases its first interiors collection. Think photo frames, jewellery boxes, and dog collars alongside a new range of bags and clutches. And the iconic Amber Valletta as TDE’s new face. “There’s something so bespoke about the brand,” explains Valletta of the connection. “It’s authentic, it’s relatable and you know that there is a lot of thought and energy behind it. I think it’s incredible to support women — I love female entrepreneurs and businesses that are driven by them.” Celebrating luxury in the essentials, the collection itself is minimal, classic and as always, personal. Amber in residence.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Smooth, cut-out black leather and a contrasting silver-tone heel. A contemporary classic from Rejina Pyo’s SS 18 collection. Fancy free. REJINA PYO shoes from My Chameleon  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Young hearts. Maje celebrates its 20th anniversary with a new campaign, starring Maje muse Yasmin Wijnaldum who also turns 20 this year, and inspired by three key locations: friendship in Morocco, family in Paris and love in London. Dream tomorrow.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Oceans inside. Contemporary label Kloke presents A Tide Within Us, a short film directed by Antuong Nguyen, choreographed by Yahna Fookes and performed by Sarah Mealor and Isabelle Beuverd.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Moa Aberg @moaaberg; Kendall Jenner @kendalljenner.   Top to bottom, head to toe. There’s a piece of Adidas for every off-duty occasion. What’s your style? Try on our pick from ADIDAS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   MARC CAIN AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Bright hues of the shade we can’t get enough of. The AW 18 runways let fuchsia do the talking. Think pink with OSMAN, SIMON MILLER, VALENTINO and GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   ALBINO TEODORO AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Australia.
Playing muse: A RUSSH girl from way back, she was captured by Hannah Scott-Stevenson for Take me to The Strand Arcade, and Adrian Price for Out there.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Marni, Chanel, Christian Dior and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT To celebrate the release of our Creativity issue starring Karen Elson, as well as The Strand Arcade’s AW 18 season launch, we dined with our closest friends in The Strand’s Courtesy of the Artist loft. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price All the light we cannot see. What happens when the outside looks in? PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Billie Adams @ IMG
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using R+Co
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni using Charlotte Tilbury
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah; Victoria Germyn @victoriagermyn.   It’s what’s underneath that counts. For those cooler days, layer up your look with a hoodie like our off-duty muses Taylor and Adwoa. Try on our pick from WE11DONE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Sometimes it’s the moments in-between that touch the most – the one’s we haven’t planned, where the light hits just so, and the colours shift into perfect alignment. Filmmaker Nicole Lily Rose stumbled upon one of these perfect instances while testing a camera on model Bela Palacio. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   ZIMMERMANN AW 18. Gorunway.com.   A forever trend that we keep coming back to. Whether wide plaid or subtle stripes, you’ll never go out of style. Shop our selects from MONSE, ACNE STUDIOS, HOPE and VETEMENTS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Chloe Hill Move in mysterious ways. Adventure beckons, and she creates her own path. PHOTOGRAPHY Chloe Hill
MODELS Sophia & Marlo @ Chadwick Models  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Pleasure and pain. Body Type return with the film clip for Arrow, a boisterous meditation on love and all that comes with it, and directed by Madeleine Purdy.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo An iconic Australian go-to with a twist. Metallic gold with a Cuban heel – the outback goes disco. R.M.WILLIAMS shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14   From left: CHANEL AW 18; TORY BURCH AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: South Sudan, before moving to Australia at age six.
Playing muse: Walked exclusively for Saint Laurent’s SS 17 show in that iconic gold lamé dress.
Runway: Has since walked for the likes of Miu Miu, Chanel, Givenchy and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   ALBERTA FERRETTI AW 18. Gorunway.com.   All your superhero fantasies come to life – a cape to dawn on a new day for AW 18. Shop our selects at JUNYA WATANABE, SEE BY CHLOÉ, PLEATS PLEASE BY ISSEY MIYAKE and THE ROW  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Tommy Zhong releases its AW 18 collection, featuring reinterpreted florals, check fabrics, oversized sleeves and Victorian collars. Architectural tailoring for the modern muse.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I was at university in Frankfurt at the time and got scouted whilst working in a shoe store in the mall. This guy who’s now my mother agent came up to me, asked me a bunch of stuff and then told me he’d send me to Paris so I was like … OK.” Forever a straight shooter, she’s got a mind for business and knows the best advice always comes from mum. With that supernova smile we were hooked from the first second, and we know you will be too. Meet our Face of April, Isabell Andreeva. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Isabella Rooney    PHOTOGRAPHY Alessio Bolzoni and Paolo Roversi SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   PHOTOGRAPHY Paolo Roversi.   You notice it on the collar of a t-shirt or a jacket, it might catch your eye on the pocket of a pair of black pants, or subtly embroidered on small leather goods and shoes. To celebrate the Dior Homme Autumn 18 collection from Kris Van Assche, the house has released the capsule Gold collection. Featuring classic, mainstay pieces from the house, the collection features various metallic accents, such as the iconic gold Dior bee insignia and a gold version of the ‘Christian Dior Atelier, 3 Rue De Marignan’ logo. The Dior Homme Gold Capsule Autumn 18 collection will be available at boutiques in Sydney and Melbourne.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Gold metal, laced in pearls. Add a little luxury to your eyewear. CHANEL Sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      “Create like a god, command like a king, work like a slave.” – Brancusi In the London studio of artist Brian Clarke, photographer Mary McCartney captured model and musician Karen Elson for the cover of our Creativity issue, on newsstands now. See behind the scenes of the shoot here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Rebecca Zephyr SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Wrapped up in you. Finding creative inspiration in the silk scarves of Nicole Sykes’s label, BESS, The Knitter’s Nicole Leybourne has created two woollen versions of each textile design. The pair worked together to create the colourful, hand-made chunky knits, with the collaboration shot on New Zealand’s west coast by photographer Rebecca Zephyr. Hold me closer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      “The best advice I got was to not take any advice by anyone except from my mum.” You’ve met the Faces who’ve come before – now it’s time to meet our April digital covergirl. A throwback beauty – whose waist-length locks and bee-stung pout has us remembering our icons of the 90s – she’s a reluctant Scorpio hailing from Germany, who finds inspiration in the power women of every generation: “[My idols are] Beyoncé and Frida Kahlo.” Curious to meet our Face of April? We’ll tell you her name tomorrow on RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   VALENTINO AW 18. Gorunway.com.   She was on fire and I couldn’t put her out. From Valentino to Dion Lee, it was red from head to toe for AW 18. Embrace the reds with KWAIDAN EDITIONS, OSKLEN, MICHAEL LO SORDO, ROKSANDA  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14   From left: Cindy Crawford @cindycrawford; Kaia Gerber @kaiagerber.   Days like these. From the clothes to the parties and the front-of-stage antics – see the best model moments from Coachella’s first weekend.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Made in Italy. Crafted with gold chains and leather, this one’s for everyday. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   From left: LANVIN AW 18; MARCO DE VINCENZO AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Prague, Czech Republic.
Playing muse: Opened and closed Céline’s SS 18 show and starred in the brand’s SS 17 campaign, following in the footsteps of Daria Werbowy and writer Joan Didion.
Runway: Has walked for likes of Dolce & Gabbana, Stella McCartney and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson Something always brings me back to you. In pieces from Tigerlily, the ocean’s edge is the place they call home. PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODELS Helena Vestergaard @ Chadwick Models and Rosie Tupper @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Isabella Schimid @ Union Management using Charlotte Tilbury
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Ryan Stamatiades
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Ellen Presbury  TIGERLILY bikini top.  TIGERLILY bikini briefs.  TIGERLILY bikini top.  TIGERLILY bikini briefs.  TIGERLILY jacket.  TIGERLILY top.  TIGERLILY dress.  TIGERLILY scarf.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   BALMAIN AW 18. Gorunway.com.   From Balmain’s sharp blazers to Tom Ford’s reflective shine. A silver jacket is a must for AW 18. Take it to the stars with IRO, MARC CAIN, MONCLER and PASKAL.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Eyewear obsessive. Zanzan reveals 11 new limited edition sun frames, introducing for the first time both optical and unisex shades. Designed in London and crafted in the specialist workshops of Valdobbiadene, Italy, the women’s sun collection includes seven new styles and draws inspiration from iconic historical muses, including Georgia O’Keeffe and Italian artist Tina Modotti. Shade me.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Press play. In celebration of the enduring appeal of Chanel’s iconic carriers, friend of the house and right-hand woman to creative director Karl Lagerfeld, Amanda Harlech, hosts the brand’s 3.55 Handbag Stories podcast – a series of interviews with influential women on style and creativity. Here, she chats to legendary model Stella Tennant inside Coco Chanel’s apartment at 31 rue Cambon in Paris, on what she keeps in her handbags, her personal diary, and how she uses accessories to characterise her personal style.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson I like the way you move. Stay light on your feet in a wardrobe to take you anywhere. PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Maggie Jablonski @ Priscillas
HAIR Anthony Nader @ DLMAU
MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   DOLCE & GABANNA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   A new tinted shade to see the world for AW 18. What’s your flavour? Shop our selects from ZANZAN, OFF-WHITE X SUNGLASS HUT, CHLOÉ and FENDI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Handcrafted in Italy, soft-textured leather with bamboo ring detail. Loved you from the first time. CAROLINA SANTO DOMINGO bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/16      Pack your bags. The latest campaign from Browns whisks us away to the vivid streets and tranquil sands of Barbados. Following models Frederikke Sofie and Luca Lemaire, and lensed by Peter Ash Lee, the campaign features luxury ready to wear SS 18 pieces. Sequins, jewels, vibrant colours and bold prints. Understated luxury from disco till dawn.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Young hearts run free. United by their passion for style, art, music and culture, Converse X is a community of young individuals brought together to express themselves and participate in once-in-a-lifetime experiences. Members create their own content in collaboration with Converse, including photo shoots, master classes and VIP experiences. Converse X currently calls Sydney home, but has its eyes fixed on new horizons, with plans to take the initiative around the world. Come together.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Dilone @_dilone; Bella Hadid @bellahadid.   Reflect the light. Off-duty muses Dilone and Doutzen know a patent trench is worth making an entrance for. Shine on in a BURBERRY coat.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT X-band sandals with gold block heels. Your new essential. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I’m all for you. Hailey Baldwin debuts the newest addition to the Fendi family – the Peekaboo Essentially bag. Timeless luxury goes petite.  FENDI bag.  FENDI bag.  FENDI bag.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   From left: SALVATORE FERRAGAMO AW 18; POIRET AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Raseiniai, Lithuania.
Star Sign: Taurus.
Playing muse: Featured in both Etro and Margaret Howell’s SS 18 campaigns.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Givenchy, Hermès, Off-White and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Final fittings. Kate Sylvester debuted her SS 18 collection at Sydney’s China Heights gallery, complete with oversized bows, balloons and a vivid colour palette. Here, RUSSH takes a glimpse behind the scenes of the pre-show fittings with models Roberta Pecoraro and Evelina Milward. Dress me up.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   FENDI AW 18. Gorunway.com.   These boots were made for walking. From Fendi to Isabel Marant, AW 18 put its best cowboy footwear forward. Shop our selects from ISABEL MARANT, CHLOÉ, SAINT LAURENT and COACH  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Handmade in Sydney by musician Brock Fitzgerald, with a choice between thick brass or lightly hammered. Add an engraving of your initials, or note to a loved one, to finish. What’s your style? BROCK BANGLES Classic Hammered cuff and The Thicker Heavier cuff  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Alex Tracey A mellow yellow palette for your trans-seasonal wardrobe. From Bianca Spender’s power suit to Jacquemus’s La Bomba dress – set the controls for the heart of the sun. “Pair block colours with prints, layer alternating shades and mix and match. Find your style.” – Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor. “There’s a shade for every skin tone. Mustard, lemon or marigold – finding the colour that suits is the key to embracing this bright hue.” – Victoria Pearson, Arts Editor PHOTOGRAPHY Alex Tracey
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Kerryn Paasila @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst using Giorgio Armani Beauty  JACQUEMUS dress from Parlour X  ELLERY top  ELLERY earrings  SPELL & THE GYPSY COLLECTIVE dress  BIANCA SPENDER jacket   MOTHER OF PEARL top from Parlour X  ELLERY earrings  LEE MATHEWS dress   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      A woman’s tale begins when she gets dressed in the morning. Since 2011, Miu Miu has been exploring the multifaceted point of view of women through its series of short films with leading female figures: Women’s Tales. To celebrate the series, the brand has designed a collection of T-shirts, adorned with printed film stills and credits on the back, available exclusively at at Miu Miu boutiques and online.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   ALEXANDER WANG AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Feels like I’m wearing nothing at all. From Tom Ford’s sequin sparkle to Alexander Wang’s sports luxe. The best winter warmers this AW 18 were a pair of close-fit leggings. Channel the ease and comfort with STELLA MCCARTNEY, BALENCIAGA, RAQUEL ALLEGRA and GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood Of vices and virtues. In Bvlgari’s Serpenti jewellery she’s forever powerful. PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Cynthia Arrebola @ Chic Management
HAIR Anthony Nader @ DLMAU
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid @ Union Management using Marc Jacobs Beauty
SET DESIGN Christelle Scifo @ Fleurette
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Tabatha Turner SEE THE SHOOT IN THE STAND BY ME ISSUE  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Taylor Hill @taylor_hill; Georgia Fowler @georgiafowler.    A little off-duty glamour. Find your inspiration in a pair of statement earrings à la Lily and Rosie. Get flashy in our pick from RYAN STORER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Spending three seasons as a world-wide exclusive for Louis Vuitton definitely strengthened my friendship with the girls in the same position, although I’m often drawn to the Aussie models too. We somehow usually find each other!” London-born, Australian-raised – our March Face is a girl of the world. A self-described “tomboy” with those deep ocean eyes, it’s time to get lost in our latest digital cover girl: Atty Mitchell.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan A versatile velvet slipper ready for day or night. Luxurious comfort. BERTIE shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   From left: ALEXANDER MCQUEEN AW 18; SALVATORE FERRAGAMO AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Kenya, originally from Sudan.
Star sign: Leo.
Alter ego: Was previously studying to become a flight attendant.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Versace, Miu Miu and Balenciaga.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Your love speaks from afar. Directed by Fabien Baron, Bottega Veneta’s Spring Summer 2018 campaign, Rebirth, sees models Janis Ancens and RUSSH face Vittoria Ceretti playing ethereal, star-crossed lovers, paired enduringly by a “beautiful unspoken connection”.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   SAINT LAURENT AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Whether Alberta Ferretti’s Zorro-inspired chapeaus or Saint Laurent’s wide brims. A black hat added some drama into the night for AW 18. Shop our selects at LACK OF COLOR, MAISON MICHEL, THE SALTY CROWN and CHRISTIAN DIOR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jonah Waterhouse     Catch me if I fall. The latest to join Raf Simons’ eclectic crew of Calvin Klein 205W39NYC muses, RUSSH favourite Kaia Gerber joins older brother Presley in the latest #MYCALVINS instalment, directed by Rubberband. Family is all we need.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: MICHAEL KORS AW 18; VICTORIA BECKHAM AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Unleash your inner spirit animal. From Tom Ford to Max Mara, it was head to toe mixed and matched animal print for AW 18. Shop our selects from SAINT LAURENT, TUFI DUEK, WE ARE ONE and CHLOÉ.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jonah Waterhouse     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/15   MAJE SS 18.   French street-style’s new guard. Already a mainstay in the Australian fashion market, Sandro and Maje are the embodiment of chic, quintessential Parisian attire. With two new boutiques opening next week at The Emporium – Melbourne’s premier inner-city shopping destination – Sandro’s SS18 collection (evoking emboldened summer freshness) and Maje’s new offering (think bold textures and that inimitable je n’ais se quoi) has us quickly en route. We’re sure we’ll see you there.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Pint-sized for on the go. Featuring two-tone leather and chain strap. Some kind of wonderful. CHARLES & KEITH bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Victoria Pearson    PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel “I’m an Aquarius. It 110 per cent sums me up. I’m pretty stubborn and have a good sense of humour, but can be very sarcastic.” Golden hair frames the indigo eyes of our newest digital cover girl. London-born, Australian-raised – she relocated to NSW’s Southern Highlands at a young age and spent her formative years in our wide open spaces. “I rode horses and grew up working with sheep and cattle. But I was also frequently at the beach soaking up the sun and salt water.” Her friends call her outgoing, “a bit mental, loving, strong and fun,” and she was happy to get lost with us down Tokyo laneways earlier this year when we captured her in Louis Vuitton. On an uncharacteristically sunny day in London, we took her back to her roots and got to know our Face of March 2018: Atty Mitchell. 
“There’s loads of models who I feel close to now in the industry. Spending three seasons as a world-wide exclusive for Louis Vuitton definitely strengthened my friendship with the girls in the same position, although I’m often drawn to the Aussie models too. We somehow usually find each other!”
 A true Ghesquière girl, after being scouted at age 14 at a local country towns fair, she was tapped by Louis Vuitton – and has since been captured by the likes of Bruce Weber and Henrik Purienne. When she’s not in front of the lens you might find her rocking out to her current obsessions, “Pink Floyd, Talking Heads, Fleetwood Mac … the classics”, cooking for her loved ones, “I do it when I’m stressed, I do it when I’m sad, I do it when I’m happy!”, or reading: “I’m hardly without a book in my hand”. The one she’d always recommend?  “Sapiens: A brief history of humankind.” 
“Not many people know but my nickname is actually Atty; it comes from Atalanta. But my closest friends and family call me ‘Ats’.”
 Not content with sitting still, Mitchell was once a competitive downhill skier and her future plans include continuing to model alongside “completing a degree of some sort – I’m currently interested in criminal psychology”. Her style? Whatever mood strikes her first. “I generally lean towards tomboy but I also love to dress girly … In the warmer months I go for a mini dress and sneakers, and the colder months leather pants, boots and a cool top.” For a beauty headed nowhere but the top, she keeps her life decidedly down to earth. “[My idol is] my grandma, she’s in her eighties and still runs a farm on her own. She’s the strongest woman I know.” Her personal mantra is succinct: everything happens for a reason, and while she confessed to us she’s “not a morning person”, we think she’s pretty wonderful at any time of the day. Ocean eyes, fixed on her next destination. The best is yet to come. PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel
FASHION Anna Foster
MODEL Atty Mitchell @ Viva Model Management and Priscillas
HAIR Alfie
MAKEUP Mel Arter @ CLM using Givenchy Beauty
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Alexandra Vilcov  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I move, you move. Model, actress, singer-songwriter and RUSSH digital covergirl, Sarah Ellen, grooves away with Burberry’s newly launched Belt bag. You’re all I see.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Lara Stone @lara_stone; Marjan Jonkman @marjanjonkman.   Let me take you to the wild, wild West. Make like Kiki and Kaia for your off-duty weekend wardrobe inspiration. Try on our pick from RAG & BONE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      When form meets sea. Capturing the texture and beauty of New Zealand, photographer Mara Sommer blurs the lines between landscape and silhouette with Wynn Hamlyn’s latest collection, full of rich colours and layers. Submerge yourself.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT From the iconic La Bomba collection. Sleek black mules paired with mismatched wooden heels. Walk this way. JACQUEMUS shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: MISSONI AW 18; ELIE SAAB AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Netherlands – half Dutch, half Ivorian.
Playing Muse: Featured in both Prada and Calvin Klein SS 18 campaigns.
Off-duty: A lover of movement, Traoré has taken different types of dance classes since a young age.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Loewe, Erdem, Christian Dior and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13      Denim forever. Ganni launches its first denim capsule collection with Net-A-Porter, consisting of 10 ready-to-wear separates. Creative Director Ditte Reffstrup found inspiration via a collaboration with Bengt Thornefors and Christoffer Svensson, from Swedish bed linen brand Magniberg, for the collection. Think expertly cropped jackets, jeans and a skirt in lemon yellows, tangerine and the perfect blue wash – they’re staples for now and forever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Ignite the senses. The Strand presents its AW 18 film campaign, Feel the Night, featuring textile artist Tammy Kanat.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Written in the stars. Featuring black satin slides with gold embroidery. What’s your sign? MARA & MINE shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      Inspired by the American Southwest and handmade by America’s oldest hat-maker – a family-run business who once crafted Georgia O’Keefe’s signature wide-brimmed chapeaus. Recently launched brand Tio Y Tia are passionate about local production, their two distinct styles, the Jane and the Dolores, were design in New York and made with ethically sourced wool from Texas. Founders Nicole Najafi, Johanna Peet, and Lucy Laucht took us to the deserts of Arizona for their first campaign with Neada Jane. Into the horizon.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Days gone by in Byron Bay. Lee Mathews releases its latest editorial, Yesterday, captured on film by photographer Marguerite Moloney and featuring the brand’s AW 18 collection pieces. Yesterday, today and tomorrow – Lee Mathews is forever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Adesuwa @adesuwa; Anja Konstantinova @anja_konstantinova.   Punk girls do it better. Go bold and try a nose ring like our off-duty muses Cat and Daria. Try on our pick from MEADOWLARK.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   ZIMMERMANN AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Not all good things come in pairs. AW 18 runways starred single statement earrings, because who needs symmetry anyway? Channel the trend with our picks from CHARLOTTE CHESNAIS, JENNIFER FISHER, SARA ROBERTSSON and NATASHA SCHWEITZER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tina Milani     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Flash back. Evoking 80s vibes, Off-White launches its limited edition capsule sunglasses collection, designed in collaboration with Sunglass Hut. Think retro frames, coloured lenses and doses of Off-White Creative Director Virgil Abloh’s inimitable flare. New wave.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Coloured crystal embellishment for an oversized statement. Two G’s are always better than one. GUCCI earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I’m in a New York state of mind. To celebrate the opening of its new Maison flagship on NYC’s Madison Avenue, Bottega Veneta staged a show in downtown Manhattan’s American Stock Exchange.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: CHANEL AW 18; SAINT LAURENT AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Los Angeles, California, United States.
In the family: Daughter of 90s supermodel icon Cindy Crawford.
Playing muse: The face of Chanel’s SS 18 handbags and Calvin Klein 205W39NYC’s SS 18 campaign.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Miu Miu, Saint Laurent, Chanel and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   ALEXANDER WANG AW 18. Gorunway.com.   All black, leather coats and futuristic sunglasses. The Matrix was in full swing for AW 18. Channel the trend with WE11DONE, TOM FORD, JOSEPH and RAY-BAN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Late nights and fast cars. Karen Elson and Joan Smalls front Tom Ford’s SS 18 film campaign. Drive on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Chris Bagôt SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14   Alexandra Spencer.   I am woman. ERTH Jewelry has released its latest campaign, #12 women – a portrait series of diverse women, including Alexandra Spencer, Nicole Trunfio and Sophie Ward, each wearing ERTH pieces in their own way.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Silver-plated with high shine. It’s a full moon rising with Dinosaur Designs. DINOSAUR DESIGNS earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner      SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      She moves like the waves. In collaboration with renowned British artist Luke Edward-Hall, Lucy Folk launches her Salacia collection. Marking the first meeting of the two creative minds, jewels and drapes take inspiration from oceanic shapes and forms. Colours emulate a dual passion for golden sunsets and far-flung destinations, and a pervading desire to bring mythical dreams to life is inspired by the hidden treasures of Roman Gods. Dive deep and you shall find.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   BOTTEGA VENETA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Golden girls wore shades of the sun for AW 18. Go yellow with ROSIE ASSOULIN, MARA HOFFMAN, BIANCA SPENDER and ROKSANDA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Sweet dreams are made of these. General Sleep Store releases it’s latest collection of sleepwear and loungewear pieces, featuring striped sets, oversized shirts and bed socks. Sleeping in is non-negotiable.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The female of the species is more deadly than the male. From melancholy skylines and moody seas to neon-drenched dive bars masquerading as discotheques. Alexa Chung debuts her new collection, Fantastic, an ode to the 90s Britpop music scene. Let’s dance.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Thicker than water. From Melbourne-based design brand Boyhood comes My Ideal Brothers – a short film reflecting on the unspoken, binding nature of sibling relationships. The moody, emotionally charged film, directed by Hector Herce, was selected as a winner in the National category of the Virgin Australia Melbourne Fashion Festival 2018 Fashion Film Award.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Your perfect satchel bag, crafted in leopard print leather, complete with the iconic YSL logo. It’s a jungle out there. SAINT LAURENT bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Directed by Emma Nichols and produced by Rose Enright, Celebrating Modest Fashion offers visual insight into the world of conservative fashion, featuring interviews with designers and influencers on modest-inspired clothing such as the hijab, the burka and the burkini. The film is a winner in the International category of the Virgin Australia Melbourne Fashion Festival 2018 Fashion Film Award.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Crystal clear. Chanel presents its SS 18 collection – an ethereal, sun-soaked vision brought to life by model Grace Elizabeth and featuring delicate sheers and translucent accessories. White heat.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: HAIDER ACKERMANN AW 18; GIVENCHY AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: China.
Playing muse: Featured in Self Portrait’s SS 18 campaign.
Hobbies: When she’s not in front of the camera you’ll find Wong playing her piano.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Alexander McQueen, Loewe, Carven and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Stand by me. With muses Lulu, Paris Jackson and Millie Bobby Brown, Calvin Klein makes a case for togetherness in new campaign film, Our Moment, directed by Rubberband.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Online vintage seller The Details Store presents their fourth capsule collection, featuring two-piece sets, slip dresses and lace. Soft comfort.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Levels of love. Iconic director Wim Wenders captures intersecting love stories – a few close calls, and a handful of welcome, unexpected happenings – all taking place in a sartorially-consistent elevator wonderland, for Episode three of Jil Sander’s SS 18 campaign. Prepare for lift-off.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Bella Hadid @bellahadid; Elyse Taylor @elysetaylor.   A 90s throwback we’ll never tire of. Make like Bella and Amanda find the perfect worn-in jeans for your day off. Try on our picks from R13.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT From Chanel’s forested runway to Miu Miu’s all-star cast. We round up the best of Paris Fashion Week AW 18. Make a statement. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN
Unified drama. Sleek back buns pared with a bare face or a bold red lip. ALTUZARRA
Those smoky eyes came as no surprise. Whether in kohl, blue or green, the eyes made a sultry statement. BALENCIAGA
High fashion snow gear with multiple layers of colour and plaid. Walking a fine line. CARVEN
Sharp khol liner accented the eyes for an otherwise fresh beauty look this season. CHANEL
The Grand Palais transformed into an Autumnal forest wonderland, Chanel tweed a given. CHLOÉ
Vintage 70s fashion girls. The second collection under Creative Director Natacha Ramsay-Levi. The devil’s in the details. CHRISTIAN DIOR
D-ring belts, oversized tinted shades and patchwork a plenty. DRIES VAN NOTEN
Those signature luxurious prints matched with layer upon texture. GIAMBATTISTA VALLI
People stared at the makeup on [her] face. Lady stardust. Day to night right. GIVENCHY
Spider lashes and silky locks. It’s the simple touches. HAIDER ACKERMANN
Punk never dies. Candy coloured mullets were the look du jour at Haider Ackermann. HERMÈS
A darker, moodier runway set the scene for Hermès AW 18. Soft leathers, coloured boots and belted waists. It’s only natural. ISABEL MARANT
The Marant woman is nothing but consistent. Fresh faced with a hint of blush and hair so healthy we want their secrets. JACQUEMUS
A light-weight winter. Fine knits, clever draping and a selection of long-sleeve dresses we’re ready to live in. LANVIN
Bare-faced, with just a touch of gloss of the lips and lids. DIY attitude. LOEWE
Playful cut-outs, leather pockets and collars and assorted layered materials. Take your pick. LOUIS VUITTON
Into the outer for Louis Vuitton AW 18. Multi-coloured corsets, skirt suits and tactical layers. MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA
Neon lips and glitter skull caps. If we learnt anything from Margiela it’s that self-expression is key. Back to you. MIU MIU
With an all star runway cast including Elle Fanning, Miu Miu AW 18 was a time machine back to the 50s and 60s. NINA RICCI
A feminine touch. The lightest dusting of peach around the eyes is enough. OFF–WHITE
Matrix girls and two-piece suits. The new cool. From day to night. ROCHAS
Colour pop snakeskin boots, metallic coats and evening dresses. SACAI
A patchwork and infusion of multiple layers and garments in one. SAINT LAURENT
A mostly black palette with pops of bright floral and not-so-winter-warmers. Shorter than ever hemlines, 80s club dresses and leather shorts and boots. Paris in the night. The new essentials. STELLA MCCARTNEY
Lace overlay dresses, warm knitwear and comfort sneakers. VALENTINO
The scarves have it. Blushed cheeks and honeyed lids with hair wrapped in silk. Valentino gave us polished femininity for AW 18.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Silk satin in bright fuchsia, hand-finished in Italy. Walk tall. PHARE shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Road trip with me. M.i.h Jeans releases its capsule Marrakesh 1971 collection. Featuring model Ella Richards and shot by Laura Bailey, the collection includes six denim pieces inspired by the brand’s original Made in Heaven archives. Turn back time.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jonah Waterhouse     Bright stars, big city. Bringing Burberry to New York, Juergen Teller captures Adwoa Aboah, her sister Kesewa, and a handful of other house muses for the brand’s SS 18 campaign, scored with a retro-driven soundtrack by Fun Boy Three. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dream, dream, dream. Directed by Lincoln Caplice and filmed on location in Bangalow, She Made Me’s Spring 2018 collection film, Wild Flower, offers a hypercolour glimpse into a horticultural world. Life in full bloom.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Boogie wonderland. Oscar Hunt Tailors prove their suits are made for dancing in Whatever Your Style. Directed by Julian Lucas, produced by Wildebeest and starring ballet dancer Chris Rodgers-Wilson and Oscar Hunt part-owner (and Total Giovanni frontman) Julian Lichtenstein, the film is a winner in the Australian category of the Virgin Australia Melbourne Fashion Festival 2018 Fashion Film Award.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      An ode to writers, painters and sculptors. Alexa Chung releases her fourth collection, Virginia. Inspired by the Bloomsbury Group – a circle of British artists and thinkers who counted Virginia Woolf, and occasionally Aldous Huxley and T.S. Eliot, as members – the collection features 100 pieces spanning ready-to-wear and accessories. Free your mind.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “We are trailblazers, natural beauties and global gypsies, grooving trough this life under sunburnt skies.”
Leaders of the surf, the snow or the street, including Olympic gold medalist snowboarder Torah Bright, six time world champion surfer Stephanie Gilmore and 11-year-old surfer and skateboarder Sierra Kerr, unite for Roxy’s Make Waves, Move Mountains campaign. Press play for more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo All that we need. Handcrafted in Spain, Le Sac Praia open top bucket bag is the one we want with us everywhere. JACQUEMUS bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: SALVATORE FERRAGAMO AW 18; BOTTEGA VENETA AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Seattle, United States.
Signature look: That pixie crop hair and brown eyes.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Calvin Klein 205W39NYC, Prada, Marc Jacobs and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT To stack or wear alone. Find your best silver with Najo. NAJO Alchemy bracelet, You’re My Love Knot bracelet and Oh Honey bracelet  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Alex Tracey From Balenciaga’s silk cuff to Mirador’s painterly print. Once you find that perfect scarf, you won’t want to go without. “Try something new. There’s a different way for everyday.”
– Ellen Presbury, Market & Beauty Editor “Look beyond the neck scarf to a luxurious head wrap, tie-top or even a belt. Your new best friend in a versatile accessory.”
– Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor PHOTOGRAPHY Alex Tracey
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Zhoe @ Kult Australia
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst using Giorgio Armani Beauty
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Tabatha Turner  JACQUEMUS shirt from My Chameleon  BALENCIAGA scarf from Matchesfashion.com  JACQUEMUS top from Parlour X  BALENCIAGA scarf from Parlour X  CHRISTOPHER ESBER top from My Chameleon  OROTON scarf  SACAI dress from Parlour X  SALVATORE FERRAGAMO scarf  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Inspired by Burberry’s iconic trench, the leather belt bag is one for a lifetime. BURBERRY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT From Gucci’s severed heads to Prada’s future females, we round up the best of Milan Fashion Week. More is more. DOLCE & GABBANA
A rich shade of rouge on the lips and every accessory imaginable. EMILIO PUCCI
A defined eye and a touch of gloss on the lip. Nothing more, nothing less. FENDI
Muted colours with yellow highlights and luxurious texture. Softer still. GIORGIO ARMANI
Ethereal beauty. Fairy floss pink lips and silver shadows on the eye. GUCCI
Model’s carrying their own heads, miniature dragons, accessories galore and pieces paying tribute to cultures the world over. Gucci’s surgery is now open. JIL SANDER
Comfort and warmth. Doona inspired wraps, layered knitwear and textured coats. Rainbow styling. MARNI
A colour block of electric blue, neon green, fuscia, orange and more all pieced together by belted coats, knitwear and evening dresses. MAX MARA
Leopard on leopard on tweed, wrapped in blankets and black leather. MISSONI
Signature Missoni prints, layered knits and 70s touches. Colour worldwide. The future is now. PRADA
Rubber boots, padded coats, fluorescent colour and an appearance from Amber Valletta. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO
Taste the rainbow. Pastel pops of coloured shaded the eyes at Salvatore Ferragamo. Yellow, pink, blue or green. SPORTSMAX
Anoraks, knitwear, puffer jackets and vests. Each piece to be styled with another. Smooth operator. TOD’S
A continuation of the Tod’s colour palette of browns, yellows, whites and creams, rendered in the brand’s signature leather, suede and shearling. TOMMY HILFIGER
The last  TOMMYxGigi collection, in collaboration with Gigi Hadid. Fast paced, motor-inspired streetwear. VERSACE
Head to toe prints, primary pop colours and Versace gold hardware. 80s wild child.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson This must be the place. In the languid hours of the afternoon they give themselves over to time and space. PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Hannah Cooper
MODELS Mies @ IMG and Juliette Mesterom @ Priscillas
HAIR Michele McQuillan @ MAP using Oribe
MAKEUP Gillian Campbell @ Company 1 using Jurlique and M.A.C
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You can be alone sometimes, even in an ocean of people.  Amongst the heaving crowds and looming towers of Tokyo, Japan, in Louis Vuitton’s SS 18 collection she is at once both lost and found.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: BOTTEGA VENETA AW 18; CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC AW 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: United Kingdom.
Playing muse: Appeared as the face of Coach’s SS 18 advertising campaign.
Runway: Opened Erdem’s AW 18 show.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Adventures in neon. Kate Sylvester presents its Blade Runner-inspired short, Electric Dreams, in celebration of the label’s AW 18 collection, shot romantically on film camera. Take on your own light.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jonah Waterhouse     Creativity, inclusiveness and a subtle nod to rebellion – these were the looks of London Fashion Week. Curtain call. BURBERRY RUNWAY
The final show from Creative Director Christopher Bailey – vibrancy and colour perpetuated by 21st century inclusiveness. CHRISTOPER KANE
An ode to the body. Delicate lace mixed with maximalist drama, tailored for the unchallenged woman. ERDEM
Inimitably Erdem – featuring a level of intricacy that rivalled the museum it was shown in. A palatial presence. Night moves. GARETH PUGH
Uber-bold lips and dramatic eyes reigned, with an apocalyptic mask also making an appearance. HOUSE OF HOLLAND
Pared-back, polished, pure. Dewy and ethereal was the look at House Of Holland, with a light baby blush proving a welcome accent. J.W.ANDERSON
Pinstripes, pleats, patterned eccentricity. Jonathan Anderson’s beloved eye for boldness remains unchanged. Demolishing barriers. MARQUES’ALMEIDA
Blending velvet and texture with unabashed colour and unapologetic rebellion. Open your own door. MARY KATRANTZOU
A silver inner crease and a nude lip made for a forward-thinking, versatile statement. MOLLY GODDARD
For girls of a feather. Think scrunched pleats, playful silhouettes, and a lively, entertaining manifesto. Eyes on you. PETER PILOTTO
With neon eyes accompanying fervent garments, Peter Pilotto’s models radiated passion and vibrancy. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI
Structure and layered fantasy reigned supreme – accented delightfully by mesh and suitably lavish footwear, no less. Worlds collide. SIMONE ROCHA
An emphasis on ribbons and baby bows, anointed by deconstructed embroidery of all varieties. Wrap it up.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Warm summer days that drift into late balmy evenings. That was the inspiration for debut short film from Simon Porte Jacquemus, La Bomba, captured by director Gordon von Steiner on an afternoon in the Canary Islands’ Tenerife, in collaboration with The Woolmark Company. The sweetest escape.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Choose a favourite or wear all at once. A selection of Tiffany Band rings with added sparkle. TIFFANY & CO. Channel Set Band ring, Jazz Band ring, Cobblestone Diamond Band ring and Soleste Band ring.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT To your shores. Following their first collaborative collection for AW 17, J.W.Anderson and Uniqlo the Spring Summer 2018 collection released in April. Watch this space.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      Piece by piece. Following Dion Lee’s AW 18 runway show at New York Fashion Week, the designer offers a behind the scenes glimpse into the preparation that goes into a Fashion Week presentation, captured by RUSSH contributing Fashion Editor Melissa Levy. One of a kind.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A choker chain with added sparkle. The only accessory you’ll need. SWAROVSKI necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT From popcorn flooded runways to intoxicating colour, we round up the best of New York Fashion Week. She means business. ALEXANDER WANG
An ode to power women. Black leather, short hemlines and futuristic eyewear. ANNA SUI
Nothing says attitude like neon eyeshadow. Make it count. BOSS
The final collection from Creative Director Jason Wu. Sleek, refined and sophisticated. Safety first. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC
Knitted balaclavas, fireman jackets, hi-vis reflectors came down a runway coated in popcorn. COACH 1941
Wild West inspiration for the American leather house. DION LEE
Underwear as outerwear, deconstructed tailoring and utilitarian inspiration. Piece it together. Stay in the shadows. MARC JACOBS
The big reveal. Dark eyes under a wide brim. MARYAM NASSIR ZADEH
Refined, simple pieces with a touch of quirk. Arty girls. MICHAEL KORS COLLECTION
A little bit of everything. Tartan mixed with floral meets leopard, lace, faux fur and more. Shine on. OSCAR DE LA RENTA BEAUTY
Nothing but a healthy glow. From the inside. SIES MARJAN
Colour me happy. Ombré tones and swirls of mint green, orange, pink and more. Enter Sander Lak’s dreamland. TOM FORD
Headbands in black leather or silver sequins. Statements makers. VICTORIA BECKHAM
Barely there. Just you and your skin. ZIMMERMANN
Floral gowns, cowboy boots, leather corsets and plush coats – a wardrobe for all weather. 3.1 PHILLIP LIM
Soft pastel knits and clashing patchworks prints. For the wanderers.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      See now, buy now. Following Christopher Bailey’s final runway show as Creative Director of Burberry Runway, the 99-piece February collection is now available exclusively at Farfetch. Featuring reissued pieces and that iconic Burberry check. From London with love.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A label with the world in sight. Stella McCartney remains one of fashion’s most environmentally conscious names, and her new World Of Sustainability platform offers a glimpse into the designer’s ethos for circular solutions.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: DOLCE & GABBANA SS 18; ANDREW GN SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Portugal.
Big break: Was the 2013 winner of L’Agence Go Top Model competition in Portugal.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Christian Dior, Dolce & Gabbana, Salvatore Ferragamo and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      A New York runway debut. Alice McCall presents its AW 18 collection, Portrait of a Lady. Feminine prints, ruffles and pastels. Baby it’s you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Nostalgic, wild, unconstrained. Lensed by iconic photographer Glen Luchford and evoking the chaotic world of mid-century Paris, Gucci’s Pre-Fall 2018 campaign – Dans Les Rues, meaning ‘on the streets’ – is a study in eclecticism, youth culture, and the unmistakable quest for freedom.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Forever in a dream. Creative director of Horror Vacui, Anna Heinrich, is one of the three emerging designers exhibiting work for Matchesfashion.com’s second digital series, The Innovators. Initially pursuing a career as a lawyer in her native Munich, Heinrich worked at her family’s garment factory making Bavarian Loden jackets, before founding the brand in 2014. A Latin term meaning ‘avoid emptiness’, Horror Vacui is now synonymous with vintage pyjama-inspired couture, “symbolic of not being on duty and having some alone time”. Lost in you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Black velvet, encrusted with white crystals, for those never-ending disco nights. The ankle boot of your dreams. SAINT LAURENT shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT High energy, cool to the core, and with an undeniable British wit “that often doesn’t go down how I imagine it will”, our Face of February is one we can’t let get away. On a bluebird day in the heat of Sydney’s summer we got to know our newest digital covergirl, and it’s about time you did too – meet Farah Holt. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price She’s the mischief-maker who hails from Porthleven: a “salty, crusty, boozy and never-changing” harbour village in Cornwall, England. Having left home at the age of 15, she was soon scouted and moved closer to London, and then to NYC – the girl that got away, and made it big. With that peachy tousled hair and contagious smile it’s no wonder she caught our attention. In the heat of Sydney summer we got to know her on an afternoon at Lady Bay Beach. Introducing our February Face, Farah Holt. “The shoot was fun and easy, we had a laugh all day. It was a privilege for me to be able to be completely myself on set rather than modelling or acting in a role that I was given in the morning.” A consummate host, when she’s not in front of the lens you’ll find her cooking for her loved ones – “the way I’m able to bond with the people I care about at a home with cooked food is really special” – or reading – “[it] inspires me always and forever. It’s my greatest love”. A believer in dressing for her mood, with Holt we never know exactly what we’re going to get: exactly the way we like it. “My style changes depending on my mood – the worse I feel the wilder I dress. But it’s mainly colourful, chavvy, a bit tacky and quite tight.” A true Sagittarian, she describes herself as “flaky, flighty, romantic, impulsive and passionate with a cruel, harsh wit that often doesn’t go down how I imagine it will”. High-energy and cool to the core, she credits the industry with shaping the woman she is today. “Well, even though it started out much the opposite way, modelling has given me a huge sense of comfortability in my own skin and I’m grateful for the confidence and social skills I have gained over the years of travelling. I’m an absolute pro at small talk.” A once in a lifetime kind of girl – and now that she’s here, we’re not willing to let this one get away. 
“I don’t think I ever idolised anyone to be honest but I’ve been in a deeply one-sided love affair with Moto GP World champ rider Valentino Rossi since puberty.”
 
“[My best life lesson] is don’t think too hard. I haven’t learnt it yet though.”
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Farah Holt @ Vivien’s Models
HAIR & MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency using Ella Baché
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Lover’s lane. In the spirit of Valentine’s Day, Matt Godkin captures the one year anniversary of models and partners, Tate Morrison and Elke Rose, for Vale Denim on film. Outfitted in denim, red and white, and embraced in warm sunset hues, the sweethearts escape into the dirt roads and country hills of Myocum, NSW,  leaving behind the floating scent of rose. Yours forever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Birds of a feather. Inspired by an eclectic timelessness, Versace’s Valentine’s Day campaign is a study in 21st  century love, featuring classics styles alongside modern pieces from their recent collections. Spread the love the Versace way.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Embracing an icon. Chanel’s Spring-Summer 2018 eyewear campaign, inspired by Gabrielle Chanel’s eternally modern style, features model Adwoa Aboah shot in black and white by Creative Director Karl Lagerfeld. Pearls, gold, and Chanel’s iconic tweed trademark in acetate form, all send visions of timelessness and elegance. Like no other.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      Vintage jeans or a touch of lace. Springsteen on the speaker, and a scent you’ve been saving. Simplicity is bliss: here’s all we’re coveting this Valentine’s Day.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      “Flaky, flighty, romantic, impulsive and passionate with a cruel, harsh wit that often doesn’t go down how I imagine it will.” You’ve met the Faces who’ve come before – now it’s time to meet our February digital covergirl. She’s got peach-coloured locks, hails from Cornwall, UK, with a personal style that changes with her mood, “the worse I feel the wilder I dress”. So who’s our February Face? Find out this afternoon on RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Golden hour. In an ode to days spent lost in the Spanish streets, Auguste presents an exclusive preview of its new collection campaign, Francesca, where Gigi and Mae play muse to memories of getaways gone by. Nostalgic floral prints meet bursts of tropical colour, lost in the light of 35mm. Vacation forever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Kaia Gerber @kaiagerber; Gabrielle Caunesil @gabriellecaunesil.   For off-duty girls like Kaia and Roberta, the go-to print is sweet like cherries. Try on our pick from RÉALISATION PAR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Keep me close. Nearly 25 years after the first release of CK One, director Zal Batmanglij brings together a handful of Calvin Klein faces, reimagining the iconic scent for modern day. One for all.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      On the Mediterranean coastline, in the glittering city of Tel Aviv, we captured friends and muses Dorit Revelis and Sofia Mechetner for the cover of our Stand By Me issue, on newsstands today. See behind the scenes of the shoot here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   ALEXIS MABILLE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Alberta, Canada.
Off-duty: A foodie at heart, has an Instagram account dedicated to all her food adventures.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Emporio Armani, Marchesa, Tibi, Bluemarine and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You spin me right round. Kate Mara and Ansel Elgort star in Rag & Bone’s short film, Why Can’t We Get Along – co-directed by Benjamin Millepede and scored by Thom Yorke. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   DRIES VAN NOTEN SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Whether vintage inspired à la Marni or monochromatic at Proenza Schouler – SS 18 took its time to smell the roses. Find floral inspiration at MSGM, ERDEM, OFF-WHITE and BROCK COLLECTION.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     Behind closed doors – Givenchy unveils the first images from its SS 18 campaign. photographed by Steven Meisel under the direction of Clare Waight Keller, models linger in the darkness of an all-night party in upstate New York.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Those sun-drenched afternoons that clear your mind and days that seem to last a lifetime. Zulu & Zephyr offer a sneak peak into their latest campaign in collaboration with, and featuring creative direction from, Lara Worthington, and photographed by Darren McDonald. The full campaign and collection will launch online mid-February. Days gone by.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Sophie Maddrell     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   CARVEN SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Plaid, tartan or checked – whatever you want to call it, SS 18 delivered in the pattern department. Try our selects from VINCE, FENDI, ROCHAS and JOHANNA ORTIZ.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The sensual and the surreal. In Bottega Veneta’s next chapter of the Art of Collaboration, the brand presents its SS 18 campaign, Reflections, where six distinct cinematic films, directed by Fabien Baron, will be released episodically throughout the season. Embrace the movement.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Farah Holt @farahholt; Isabella Peschardt @isabella.   From festival days to exploring the streets. Make like Farah and Imaan and sport your best bucket hat. Try on our pick from NIKE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Stretch suede and scarlet hued. These boots were made for walking. STUART WEITZMAN shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Sunset hues. Velvet Canyon debuts its first eyewear range inspired by 60s and 70s glamour. Italian acetate meets champagne gold detailing and rose tinted lenses. Poolside perfection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Blue jean baby. Topshop unveils its latest denim collection, captured by Johnny Lu, it’s first collaboration with partner retailer Topman. Denim dreams.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: ELISABETTA FRANCHI SS 18; BLUMARINE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Denmark.
Playing muse: Featured in Stella McCartney’s SS 18 Campaign.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Elie Saab, Balmain, Saint Laurent, Zimmerman and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Women, by women. Prada’s SS 18 collection presents a new vision of femininity, and feminism, through the gaze of works by Brigid Elva, Natsume Ono, Fiona Staples and Tarpé Mills. Captured in L.A. by Willy Vanderperre, the campaign moves like a graphic novel come to life, with each cast member the heroine of their own story.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   VIVIENNE WESTWOOD SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Comfort in luxury. From Louis Vuittton’s futuristic tread to Loewe’s twist on the classic. Sneakers walked the walk for SS 18. Slip on our selects from BALENCIAGA, GUCCI, STELLA MCCARTNEY and VEJA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit.   Take me to the water. Long beach days call for the perfect white beach dress. Try on our pick from ZIMMERMANN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Down to earth. Channeling 90s styling and retro sportswear, the NAGNATA sisters photographed actress Nathalie Kelley in her father’s backyard. Raw and intimate – Nathalie embraces the bold shape and energetic colour of the ethical fashion and lifestyle label. Postcards from suburbia.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The right amount of sparkle, the perfect amount of height. Sling it back with CHARLES & KEITH’s glittered kitten heels – from day to night. CHARLES & KEITH Textured Slingback Kitten heels  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Inspired by visions of Americana, Raf Simons presents Calvin Klein 205W39NYC SS 18 campaign. Photographer Willy Vanderperre captured over twenty models in a cinematic abandoned barn. Barren plains, quilted blankets, Friday the 13th inspired footwear, glimpses of Andy Warhol’s unseen works. Memories of the past, with eyes on the horizon.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      A place to dream. Sir the Label journeyed to Uluru-Kata Tjuta to capture their AW 18 campaign – pared back and stripped down. Brydie Mack captured Zoe Barnard against the backdrop of our red centre, paying homage to the homeland. Sand linens, rust motifs, minimalist tailoring. Embrace the natural.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT For the lovers. Scored by Italian musician Joan Thiele, Fendi releases the Montrésor mini bucket bag in the heady glow of a London nightclub. I’m willing, I’m ready to go.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     Surrealist beauty. It was fine and feminine for Haute Couture SS 18 in Paris. Springtime in the gardens. CHANEL
Signature tweeds, voluminous and tiered gowns with a touch of sparkle. Sweet and sophisticated. CHRISTIAN DIOR
Surrealist symbolism, black and white abstracts and Peggy Guggenheim-inspired sculptural masks. For women of power and poise. A new dawn. ELLERY
A welcome to couture for Ellery at École Nationale des Beaux Arts, Salle Melpomène, featuring signature tailoring with a masculine edge. GIAMBATISTA VALLI
Soft cascading gowns, voluminous tulle and delicate florals. Surrender to beauty. After dark. GIVENCHY
The first couture collection by Clare Waight Keller. Bold black and whites and strength in tailoring. VALENTINO
Clashing colours, extravagant silhouettes and feathered hats. Bringing life to couture.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Into the desert. Adwoa Aboah, Edie Campbell, Cameron Russell, Elle Fanning and more star in Miu Miu’s SS 18 film campaign, captured in Yavapai County, Arizona.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   CHRISTIAN DIOR SS 18. Gorunway.com.   To have and to hold – with room for more, always. A supersized bag for SS 18. Shop our take at BURBERRY RUNWAY, BALENCIAGA, LOEWE and MAX MARA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: ERDEM SS 18; EMPORIO ARMANI SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Jamaica.
Playing muse: Featured exclusively for Burberry Runway AW 16 show.
Alter ego: If she wasn’t modelling, Depass would be pursuing a career in accounting.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Hermès, Céline, Balenciaga, Loewe and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14   MSGM SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Sleek and futuristic. Make like Miu Miu, Prada and Louis Vuitton and go galactic for optimum shade. Shop our take at LE SPECS, SAINT LAURENT, POPPY LISSMAN and KAREN WALKER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Back to the future. Channeling 70s Paris through the lens of American sportswear, Frame co-founder Erik Torstensson captured model Cara Taylor in the dry heat of Malibu, California, for the brand’s SS 18 campaign. Summer whites, oversized shirting, utilitarian elegance – a new take on the classics.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     Radiant light, vast sandy plains, opulent hotels and bronzed, toned women. Zimmermann’s Spring Summer 18 collection, Goldentime, found inspiration in memories of the Gold Coast circa the 60s and 70s. The accompanying film features Frederikke Sofie and her cult curls in pieces from the season – from where we’d rather be.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Tokens of love. Inspired by Botticelli’s Renaissance artwork, The Birth of Venus, Meadowlark launches its new collection, Venus. Rich golden flourishes, blush-pink and sumptuous green hues play backdrop to the collection’s baroque-style pieces, rendered in gold, diamonds and endearingly imperfect pearls. Made for forever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   BLUMARINE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Whether it’s the whimsy of Picnic at Hanging Rock’s Victorian ruffles or the sheer Studio 54-era jumpsuits – find inspiration at Saint Laurent and Simone Rocha for the best white lace looks of the season. Try on our take at ETRO, ZIMMERMANN, OFF-WHITE and MORPHO + LUNA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I look to you. Bold cat-eye frames complete with gold chain detail. Your new statement shades. STELLA MCCARTNEY sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: CHRISTIAN DIOR SS 18; VERSACE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Dominican Republic.
Big break: Discovered by Luis Menieur while at school in 2016.
Playing muse: Featured exclusively in Saint Laurent’s SS 17 show.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Hermès, Miu Miu, Chanel, Prada and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      From bed to street. Progressive lingerie label Les Girls Les Boys releases its second collection and campaign, captured by photographer Sarah Piantadosi. The brainchild of Agent Provocateur’s Serena Rees, Les Girls Les Boys harnesses diverse cultural and generational attitudes to inspire collection pieces for the young, creative, vulnerable and loving. One of my kind.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Tabatha Turner     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Volume, opulence and unstructured androgyny. Hillier Bartley finds harmony in the space between femininity and masculinity for SS 18. Inspired by the artwork of Sarah Lucas, masculine tailoring is made soft and sensual, accessories are structured and misplaced. Glam rock, lilac three-piece suits, and feminine dandies – meet the new romantics.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   DOLCE & GABBANA SS 18. Gorunway.com.   From Emilia Wickstead’s princess gowns to Gucci’s 80s-inspired pieces, for SS 18 the dresses were ordered in sheer. Because it’s what’s underneath that counts. Shop our take at CAMILLA AND MARC, DIANE VON FURSTENBERG, JONATHAN SIMKHAI and FLEUR DU MAL.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo An assortment of delicate shapes and precious stones. The Clash knows best. LUCY FOLK earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Get free. Stella McCartney takes us to the the beaches of Sardinia, in the picturesque Mediterranean Sea, for its Spring Summer 18 campaign. The campaign is fronted by models Karly Loyce, Sophie Hemmet and Sophie Rask, each adorned in the collection’s bold hues, new textures and deconstructed evening wear. New wave.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT It’s all in the family. Calvin Klein has tapped singer-songwriter Solange for its latest #MyCalvins campaign. Here she performs alongside fellow musicians Kelela, Dev Hynes of Blood Orange, Caroline Polachek (formerly of Chairlift) and Adam Bainbridge of Kindness. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Human impact. Featuring faces like Adwoa Aboah, Elle Fanning, Cameron Russell, Oumie Jammeh and more, Miu Miu presents its SS 18 campaign, Return to Arcosanti. Captured on location by Alasdair McLellan at the central Arizona futuristic urban experiment, Acrosanti, created by architect Paolo Soleri in the 1970s, the campaign is a journey to the other side.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Adjustable leather and silver hardware. Functional fashion at its best. CÉLINE bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   LOEWE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Lightweight and breathable. The fine knit is your new warm weather essential. Slip into one of our selects from DION LEE, HANSEN & GRETEL, RAEY and BASSIKE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Out of the blue and into the black. Prada releases its 365 SS 18 campaign film, Black Nylon – a celebration of that darkest hue, the shade of an eclipse. Once you’re gone, you can never come back.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: MARY KATRANTZOU SS 18; MARNI SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Toronto, Canada.
Playing Muse: Featured exclusively in Céline’s SS 17 campaign, captured by Juergen Teller.
Makeover: Hairstylist Guido Palau cut her long hair into a now-signature bob for Prada.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Hermès, Stella McCartney, Nina Ricci, Miu Miu and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo White sand and cerulean seas – take me away to Saint-Tropez. And these, the perfect leather slides for that sweet escape. POSSE shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Neon-laced sky scrapers and New Order’s Blue Monday pulsing through the air: this is Anthony Vaccarello’s vision for the Spring Summer 18 Saint Laurent woman. And with a dance floor featuring Raquel Zimmermann, Anja Rubik and Hiandra Martinez, to name a few, he’s got us wanting to stay through ’til sun up.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      We are the future. Australian model and activist, and RUSSH face, Ollie Henderson, has collaborated with Sportsgirl to release a capsule collection of T-shirts featuring powerful slogans from her label, House of Riot. The custom T-shirts are crafted for a relaxed fit and each adorned with a House of Riot statement slogan. Think Power To The Peaceful, Girls to The Front and Love Without Borders. Say it louder.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Eternally British and moves like a rocker – our Face of January has a look we couldn’t shake if we tried. With cheekbones that could cut glass and eyes that invite mischief, it’s no wonder she plays Nicolas Ghesquière’s Louis Vuitton muse. On the coldest day of the year in a London studio, we got to know our first Face of 2018, and it’s time you did too – meet Lorelle Rayner. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   GIVENCHY SS 18. Gorunway.com.   For your convenience. From Gucci to Marc Jacobs, this SS 18 saw the rise of the belt bag. There’s no looking back. Shop our take at ALEXANDER WANG, MIU MIU, WANDLER and MOSCHINO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel At first glance those cheekbones don’t appear real – almost otherworldly, so chiseled are they on her face. Then there’s the eyes, light green and piercing. But Rayner is as real as they come, residue of a youth spent “out in the sticks of Essex. It’s not all as bad as it sounds. Had a solid childhood, playing in the woods ’til about 14 … that kinda thing,”. It’s this upbringing that’s gifted our January muse an undeniably British aesthetic: those Jagger-inspired heavy bangs and layered chestnut locks, an androgynous personal style and distinct devil-may-care grin. Here, on the coldest day of the year in a London studio, we got to know our first Face of 2018: Lorelle Rayner. With a look that makes us wonder where she’s been all this time, Rayner was discovered comparatively late at the age of 21 “at V Festival in Essex when it was a semi-decent line up.” She quickly caught the eye of Louis Vuitton’s creative director Nicolas Ghesquière, who booked her exclusively for his AW 15 and SS 16 runways. It was during these shows that she forged a connection with three other “truly wonderful ladies”, fellow models Heather Kemesky, Rianne van Rompaey and Tamy Glauser – with the group going on to get matching ‘LV’ tattoos in commemoration. In the years since she’s appeared on runways for Céline and Jacquemus, and posed before Juergen Teller’s lens. For Rayner, it’s all about that easy living. Her beauty routine involves showering and little else, and her approach to personal style is “minimal effort where possible, a bra if you’re lucky”. What gets her smiling? “Many a thing. I really like driving my van,” and her personal mantra is equally low-key: “breathe”. With a Face forever on our minds, and a healthy dose of that British cheek, this is a muse we’re sure to share – though her future plans echo her decidedly laid-back approach to life, simply to “keep on keepin’ on”. 
“[I] always tried to make ‘Lozza’ work [as a nickname] but it never really caught on ’til Sam [Hendel] made it happen on the day of the shoot. Thank you Sam!”
 “[I’m a] Taurus. Pretty happy with that. We’re reliable folk, can’t argue with that.” PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODEL Lorelle Rayner @ Select London
HAIR Blake Henderson using Bumble & bumble
MAKEUP Martina Lattanzi using M.A.C Cosmetics
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Giulia Berretti and Luiza Cirico Photographed at Darnley Road Studios.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gosha Rubchinskiy SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Worlds collide. Iconic British label Burberry Runway releases a capsule collection in collaboration with Russian designer Gosha Rubchinskiy, whose eponymous brand is synonymous with skate and streetwear. The collection reinterprets classic Burberry silhouettes and prints through Rubchinskiy’s lens, inspired by the British football culture in Russia – think updated checks, utilitarian trench coats and more. The collection is available from now online and selected stores.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Midnight black offsets gold metal and diamanté, direct from the Couture runway and into the night. CHANEL bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      “[I’m a] Taurus – pretty happy with that. We’re reliable folk, can’t argue with that.” You’ve met the Faces who’ve come before – now it’s time to meet our January digital covergirl. She’s tattooed, hails from Essex, UK, and her future plans include nothing other than to “keep on keepin’ on.” So who’s our first Face of 2018? Find out on RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  The way you make me feel. Stella McCartney‘s AW 17 eyewear collection stays true the designer’s emphasis on sustainability, with pieces developed using ethically-sourced and renewable materials. The look and feel is equally modern. The Stella Essential frames – lightweight and metal-rimmed – are the ones to take anywhere and wear with everything, while the Falabella styles – inspired by the brand’s iconic bag and embellished with its signature chain detail – are sure to draw a second glance. Can’t take my eyes off you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   TOM FORD SS 18. Gorunway.com.   White heat. From Jil Sander to Tom Ford, the power suit was reimagined, à la Bianca Jagger, in a lighter shade this season. Shop our take at THE ROW, THE ROW, TOM FORD and MAX MARA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      A face we can’t shake, the city that never sleeps. Coach releases its SS 18 campaign, fronted for the second time by singer and actor Selena Gomez. Captured by Steven Meisel, the campaign celebrates the iconic New York City and the Coach girl who inhabits it. Here, we take a look behind the scenes of the shoot. New York, New York.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: ACNE STUDIOS SS 18; PACO RABANNE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Seoul, Korea.
Star sign: Cancer.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Acne Studios, Miu Miu, Louis Vuitton, Chanel and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   BALMAIN SS 18. Gorunway.com.   From Fendi to Marques’ Almeida, block stripes took a stand for SS 18. Shop our take at VICTOR GLEMAUD, CHOSEN, DIANE VON FURSTENBERG and ZADIG & VOLTAIRE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Designed in Bondi Beach, a new pair of champagne summer shades to complement your 5pm flute. PACIFICO OPTICAL sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Logan Crosby @loganemily_; Constance Jablonski @constancejablonski.   Multi-purpose. Make like Georgia and Amanda and choose the sarong for the ultimate holiday staple. For summer days on the go. Wrap up in our pick from ZIMMERMANN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   DOLCE & GABBANA SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Palm tree prints and party shirts – SS 18 took the runways on a summer vacation. Get on island time with GANNI, VIKTORIA & WOODS, ZIMMERMANN and ADRIANA IGLESIAS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: DOLCE & GABBANA SS 18; SIMONE ROCHA SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Netherlands.
First glance: Those long, tousled locks helped secure an exclusive for Prada’s FW 17 runway.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Versus, Fendi, Max Mara, Mason Margiela and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Megan Nolan Because who wouldn’t want a love box bag from Saint Laurent? Heart shaped black leather, with silver metal strap and YSL logo. Perfect for those 2019 party plans that start on New Year’s Eve and run long into the month. Dream on. SAINT LAURENT bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Fasten with care. A slim line addition to your 9-5 look. SMYTHSON briefcase  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   TOM FORD SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Sleek and refined. The one-piece swimsuit is your new summer staple. Dive in with HER LINE, SHE MADE ME, MATTEAU SWIM and MARYSIA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Elsa Hosk @hoskelsa; Yasmin Wijnaldum @yasminwijnaldum.   Summer days take a rose coloured turn. Make like RUSSH cover star Taylor Hill and swim in pink. Try on our pick from MARYSIA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   From left: ACNE STUDIOS SS 18; ALTUZARRA SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Star sign: Aries.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Calvin Klein, Prada, Fendi, Versace and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Milne Fresh faced and tender as the first light. Photographer Amie Milne captures the new muses taking over. PHOTOGRAPHY & FASHION Amie Milne
MODELS Dariana Ruiz @ Elite Models, Nuria Rothschild @ IMG, Pasha Harulia @ Viva Model Management, Rachel Meageen @ The Hive Management, Zwaan Bijl @ Elite Models  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   From left: Joan Smalls @joansmalls; Giulia Tordini, PHOTOGRAPHY Giorgia Tordini @girogiatordini.   Another year gone by, and all our favourites know how to dress for the occasion. Make like Vittoria and the Supers for the ultimate in party dressing this New Year’s Eve. Out with a bang. Bring in the new year with our pick from JOHANNA ORTIZ.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT From the perfect bikini to those Louis Vuitton boots. And a little sparkle never hurt anyone. These are the gifts to buy for the woman who has everything. Clockwise from the top left: I AM GEORGE Shiraz Cabernet; LOUIS VUITTON shoes; CIRE TRUDON Ernesto – Christmas candle; CHANEL Soleil Tan de Chanel Bronzing Makeup base; EDDIE BORGO handbag from The Outnet.  “Buy less, choose well.” – Vivienne Westwood Clockwise from top left: CARTIER watch; MEADOWLARK bowl; LOEWE bag; AN ORGANISED LIFE 2018 diary; LOEWE 001 Woman EDP. Clockwise from top left: VIKTORIA & WOODS bralet; RATIONALE The Essential Six Day kit; RUSSH 12 Issue Subscription; TIFFANY & CO. bracelet; LOUIS VUITTON wallet. Clockwise from top left: MAY LINDSTROM The Problem Solver Correcting mask and The Pendulum potion; BURBERRY RUNWAY bag; ART GALLERY OF NSW tickets; JAMES & IRISA bracelet; STUDIO ELKE earrings; REMBRANDT & THE DUTCH GOLDEN AGE book. 
“When you wear those big earrings, long hair, and things.
You got style, girl, that sure is wild.” – Brenton Wood
 
“Take your pleasure seriously.”
– Charles Eames
 Clockwise from top left: CHANEL wallet; JO MALONE Basil & Neroli cologne; COMMAS shorts; CHANEL cuff; RATIONALE The Essential Six. Clockwise from the top left: MARC JACOBS sandals from The Outnet; TOM FORD Soleil Blanc EDP; CHANEL La Crème Main; ALINKA rings; MIU MIU bag. Clockwise from top left: RACHEL GILBERT top; DYLAN KAIN wallet; REEK Damn Rebel Bitches EDP; CHANEL Le Vernis nail polish; TOM FORD Lip Colour in Near Dark. “A woman who doesn’t wear perfume has no future.”
– Coco Chanel Clockwise from top left: ZIMMERMANN bikini top and briefs; CARTIER necklace; CARTIER ring; CHANEL Huile de Jasmin oil. Clockwise from top left: PRADA shoes; PRADA bag; JO MALONE Cologne Intense Collection. 
“Life’s just a cocktail party – on the street.” – Mick Jagger
 Clockwise from top left: EMPORIO ARMANI shoes; BALMAIN Silk Perfume And Texturizing Salt spray; OROTON scarf; CLUSE watch.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   COACH 1941 SS 18. Gorunway.com.   From Coach à la Keith Haring, to Versace’s Andy Warhol prints. SS 18 knows arty girls do it better. Shop our take at GUCCI, ART SCHOOL, VERSACE and VALENTINO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT We’ll keep driving ’til all we can see is sun on sea. Where the ocean meets summer love. PHOTOGRAPHY Nick Tsindos
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Britt Odell @ Priscillas
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative
MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Title Artist Management  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Family album. Burberry Runway collaborates with British model and activist Adwoa Aboah, alongside photographer Juergen Teller, for a multi-part campaign series. Portfolio 1 features Aboah beside her friends and family in Burberry’s latest collection, captured by Teller in North London, with the duo’s second portfolio launching in February 2018.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Vintage inspired glamour. Gucci’s square frame tortoiseshell sunglasses are fit for Jackie O. GUCCI sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price Your holiday Essential. From Paris Georgia’s wide brim to Nerida Winter’s ribbon-tied classic, shop our favourite hats of the season. “The wider the brim the better. Don’t be afraid of size. This Paris Georgia hat is a dream for creating shape and alternating silhouettes.” – Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor. 
“It’s time to play dress-ups. Add a dose of whimsy to your summer wardrobe by throwing on an oversized hat with a tailored suit or dress.” – Victoria Pearson, Arts Editor.
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Dorith Mous @ Priscillas
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using Giorgio Armani Beauty  NERIDA WINTER hat  LACK OF COLOR hat  HELEN KAMINSKI hat  JACQUEMUS dress   ISABEL MARANT jacket from Parlour X  SWAROVSKI ring  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: GIVENCHY SS 18; ROCHAS SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Toulouse, France.
Debut: Valentino Couture AW 15 at age 16.
Hidden talent: Can solve a Rubik’s Cube puzzle in record time.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Worn to be seen. Soft cup black satin with velvet detail. Heartbreaker. SIMONE PÉRÈLE bra  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: CHRISTIAN DIOR SS 18; ALEXIS MABILLE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Boogie days and nights. From Alberta Ferretti to Christian Dior – on the SS 18 runways everything was illuminated. Shop the metallic trend at RICK OWENS, GOLDEN GOOSE DELUXE BRAND, SAINT LAURENT and CHOSEN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Shanina Shaik @shaninamshaik; Kaia Gerber @kaiagerber.   Fire in her eyes. Make like Gigi and Kaia and harness the power of a red lens. Try on our pick from POMS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Smith From cult classic shirts you’ll want to borrow, to scents that draw you closer. These are the gifts to buy for the man in your life. Clockwise from top left: PACIFIC BRIM hat from Strand Hatters; RAY-BAN sunglasses from Luxottica; LOEWE 001 Man EDP; COMMAS shorts; LE LABO body lotion; LE LABO shower gel. Clockwise from top left: ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA hat; ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA shoes; Colin Westerbeck and Joel Meyerowitz, Bystander; KEVIN MURPHY Shave crème. Clockwise from top left: BURBERRY shoes; P.JOHNSON jumper; COACH bag; HENNESSY whisky; TOM FORD Tuscan Leather EDP. Clockwise from top left: COMMAS shirt; LE LABO Mecca 20 Santal 26 candle; CARTIER candle holder; LOUIS VUITTON shoes. 
“Got to be good looking cos he’s so hard to see.” – The Beatles 
 Clockwise from top left: COMMAS shirt; ROLEX watch; LE LABO Shaving cream; LE LABO After Shave balm; MR.BLACK Cold Brew Coffee liqueur. Clockwise from top left: VANS shoes; LE CREUSET mugs; HAIGH’S Chocolate Christmas tree; ALEX AND TRAHANAS vase. Clockwise from top left: COS sandals; BRIXTON hat from Strand Hatters; CAMILLA shorts. Clockwise from top left: PERSOL sunglasses from Luxottica; P.JOHNSON tie; JAMESON whisky; KIEHL’S Facial Fuel Energising face wash; KIEHL’S Facial Fuel Energising moisture; LOUIS VUITTON shoes. “I got news for you baby, you’re looking at the man.” – The Killers Clockwise from top left: TOM FORD Costa Azzurra Body spray; EMPORIO ARMANI shoes; SONOS speaker; NIKE pants. Clockwise from top left: AKUBRA hat from Strand Hatters; ALEX AND TRAHANAS plate; GLENMORANGIE scotch whisky; COMMAS shorts.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   ERDEM SS 18. Gorunway.com.   From Bottega Veneta to Paco Rabanne, SS 18 gave the runways a little fringed flare. Shop the look at ANNA SUI, RAEY, ELLERY and ROMANCE WAS BORN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Directed by Wim Wenders and edited into five separate chapters, Jil Sander presents the thriller-inspired trailer for its SS 18 film campaign, Paused By. Press play.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo A glittery cat-eye for the party season. Miu Miu knows best. MIU MIU sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT In books, in art, in the clothes you wear. RUSSH Face Sarah Ellen celebrates the launch of the Tiffany & Co. EDP at a seaside dreamscape. All you need is love.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: FENTY SS 18; MOSCHINO SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Dominican Republic.
Playing muse: Featured exclusively for Saint Laurent’s SS 17 show.
Scouted: Entered a modelling competition at the insistence of her cousin and was chosen as a winner.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Make my dreams reality. Christian Dior has once again aligned with 10 artists from across the world to reimagine its Lady Dior bag. The collaboration allows for each artist to transform the house’s iconic carrier into wearable art, untethered by a set brief, encouraged to push their creative practice to its most tangible limits. “I thought it looked like an iconic bag,” says multimedia artist Hong Hao of his first impressions. “I wished to add a new style to the bag, letting my work find itself in a new form of expression. It’s also a way to communicate my art with a wider audience.” Hao finds deep fascination in the ordinary. The tiny pieces of everyday debris that fill the cracks and empty spaces of our lives – ticket stubs, buttons, maps, bank notes, food containers. The surface design of his interpretation was based on the visual arrangements of his works, “which makes it look like there is a sense of entity and depth – more glamorous and shiny.” The pop-art style carrier is made tactile by coloured buttons and the Dior keychain, inspired by his 2008 work About Circle No. 4. “I desired the crossover, of art and fashion, which I believe is the vision and foundation of our co-operation.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo The perfect sized colour pop accessory. Red leather and gold hardware for the weekend. GIANFRANCO LOTTI bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I want to know your secrets. Miu Miu presents its holiday campaign film starring Chloë Sevigny, Dakota and Elle Fanning, Julia Garner and Sadie Sink.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: TRUSSARDI SS 18; GUCCI SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Not your usual summer staple, but when the weather takes an unexpected turn channel Margiela and McQueen and throw on your best lightweight trench. Shop our take at CHRISTOPHER ESBER, BURBERY RUNWAY, CARMEN MARCH and MAISON MARGIELA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Girl on the move. She’s a real shapeshifter, switching selves in the pieces she can’t leave behind. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Matilda Dods @ IMG
HAIR Anthony Nader @ DLMAU Management
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using Marc Jacobs Beauty
PROP STYLIST Caitlin Melling
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Tabatha Turner  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      On a misty morning at Bell House, Dulwich, we captured RUSSH muse and our newest covergirl, Isabeli Fontana, for the Born Again issue, on sale today. Take a glimpse behind the scenes of our cover shoot here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT What the water gave me. Captured at London’s iconic Barbican Conservatory, RUSSH face Madison Stubbington is ethereal in Red Valentino Spring Summer 18.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All that she wants. Give the gift of Marc Jacobs this holiday season.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Smith Show her love. From homeware obsessions to the bikini of the season – shop the RUSSH gift edit for your mother, sister or best friend. Clockwise from top left: IN BED bathrobe; LUMIRA x RUSSH Dreamweaver candle; SALT BY HENDRIX Bath to Body oil; HAIGHS Milk Chocolate speckles. “There must be quite a few things that a hot bath won’t cure, but I don’t know many of them.” – Sylvia Plath Clockwise from top left: CONVERSE shoes; BEC AND BRIDGE x PARED sunglasses; AESOP Association kit; J.HANNAH nail polish in Hepworth ; J.HANNAH nail polish in Agnes ; MASINI & CHERN shorts. Clockwise from top left: LO ROLLER compact; ANASTASIA BEVERLY HILLS A23 brush; IT COSMETICS Heavenly Luxe Wand Ball Powder brush; Anna Jones, The Modern Cook’s Year; FOG LINEN tray and spoon from My Chameleon.  Clockwise from top left: CHRISTOPHE ROBIN Daily Hair cream and Instant Volumizing mist with Rosewater; LUCY FOLK clutch; MATTEAU bikini top and briefs; MECCA MAX Gloss Boss Lip gloss; LUCY FOLK sunglasses and eyewear chain. 
“… I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.” – F. Scott Fitzgerald
 
“If a girl looks swell when she meets you, who gives a damn if she’s late?” – J.D. Salinger
 Clockwise from top left: VIKTORIA AND WOODS shorts; OROTON bag; KIEHL’S Crème de Corps moisturiser; KIEHL’S Pineapple Papaya Facial scrub; OLIVER PEOPLES X THE ROW sunglasses from Luxottica. Clockwise from top left: DYLAN KAIN belt; TOD’S boots; BEAR High Summer Performance Explore pack; DEADLY PONIES clutch. Clockwise from top left: AYU White Oudh Scented oil; IN BED bag; LIFE WITH BIRD skirt; MIMCO shoes; Robin Sloan, Sourdough. Clockwise from top left: CALVIN KLEIN bra; NIKE tights; FRANK BODY Coconut Coffee scrub; CALVIN KLEIN Obsessed EDP For Her; PRODJUICE The Restore cleanse. Clockwise from top left: MIMCO shoes; TIGERLILY bikini top; RELIQUIA earrings; ENDOTA SPA Glow pack; THE DAILY EDITED iPhone case; SOH MELBOURNE x RUSSH parfum. 
“Summertime is always the best of what might be.” – Charles Bowden
  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Slick Woods @slickwoods; Joan Smalls @joansmalls.   From shoulder to waist, from festival days to starry nights out. Make like Mica and Joan and strap on a bum bag. Not just for tourists. Try on our pick from GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Our style, our way.” A$AP Rocky, A$AP Ferg and the rest of hip hop’s infamous A$AP Mob come together for Calvin Klein’s latest family-focused #MyCalvins campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: ALEXIS MABILLE SS 18; GIVENCHY SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Do the vertical. From Altuzarra to Givenchy, this season’s stripes were one directional. Get in line with our selects from ALEXA CHUNG, REJINA PYO, I.AM.GIA and PALMER//HARDING.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      We can’t help but look twice. Gucci releases its FW 17 men’s eyewear campaign, fronted by model Thomas Riguelle and photographed by Colin Dodgson. The vision of creative director Alessandro Michele comes to life once more at East London’s Rio Cinema, with his gender-neutral sunglasses and spectacles taking centre stage. Classic frames in jet-black acetate meet retro-inspired gold shades, with mother-of-pearl tip ends and soft-toned lenses. Want more? Shop the Gucci FW 17 eyewear collection below.              She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   From left: COACH 1941 SS 18; ERDEM SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Hunan Region, China.
Star Sign: Virgo.
Big break: Opened and closed Valentino’s 2013 runway show in Shanghai.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Bella Hadid @bellahadid; Montana Cox @montanacox1.   The off-duty eyewear staple. Make like Vittoria and Kaia and opt for a striking cat-eye frame. Sharpen up. Try on our pick from POPPY LISSIMAN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   CHRISTOPHER KANE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   From Haider Ackermann’s twists and overlays to Helmut Lang’s barely there. The SS 18 runways got crafty with cut-outs. Shop the trend at LANVIN, RACIL, MUGLER and DION LEE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I would describe my style quite skater boyish. The majority of my clothes are quite baggy and men’s, but whatever I’m wearing is always teamed up with a cute bag.” In her spare time she’s a baker, and she’s a “true Scorpio” through and through, but it’s those green eyes that had us hooked from day one. We spent a day in a London studio with our newest Face, now it’s time for you to get to know our November digital covergirl, Lottie Hayes. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The girl with green eyes and hair that tumbles to the waist. Her parents may have named her Charlotte but, for us, it’s Lottie forever. Discovered at just 13 at Birmingham’s The Clothes Show, this one’s a “true Scorpio”; she chooses her friends carefully, and has a look that’s all her own. “My best life lesson is always remain true to yourself. Oh, and also greaseproof paper can set on fire in the oven if not paying attention.” She was raised in Manchester, northern England, in a town called Sale. “I enjoyed growing up there as everything was in walking distance, so you could see your friends easily but also head into the centre of Manchester which was completely different. There was so much to do all the time.” It was during this time that she cultivated her love of cooking, “when my Mum used to make a different cake every Sunday. When I was old enough I was able to help bake and it then became a tradition to bake on Sundays and then as I got older I experimented and came up with my own recipes and ideas and I’m obsessed.” 
“My future plans are to eventually open up my own bakery / cake decorating store.”
 
“I enjoy getting to visit so many places I would have only dreamed of visiting and meeting many different people along the way.”
 She’s fronted campaigns for Zara and See by Chloé, but hers is a style that’s decidedly more street. “I would describe my style quite skater boyish. The majority of my clothes are quite baggy and men’s, but whatever I’m wearing is always teamed up with a cute bag.” A collector of teaspoons – “I collect [them] from every place I visit” and the perfect blend of “exciting but sensible”, she’s got the face to raise a riot. I just want to be about you. PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODEL Lottie Hayes @ Select
HAIR Blake Henderson
MAKE UP Crystabel Riley using Ere Perez Natural Cosmetics
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Alesha Jivanda  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   BALMAIN SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Let’s be clear. From Chanel to Balmain, it was a transparent takeover for SS 18. Shop our take with CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC, COMME DES GARÇONS, CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC and YEEZY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “My best life lesson is always remain true to yourself. Oh, and also, greaseproof paper can set on fire in the oven if not paying attention.” You’ve met the Faces who’ve come before – now it’s time to meet our November digital covergirl. She’s a baker and a Scorpio, finds inspiration in photography and was discovered in Birmingham at just 13. So who’s the Face of November? Find out this afternoon at RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Beyond the edges of time, I’m there. You’ll find me.” Nicolas Ghesquière takes us to the ends of the earth for Louis Vuitton’s Cruise 18 campaign film, fronted by house muse Alicia Vikander.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   OSCAR DE LA RENTA SS 18. Gorunway.com.   A little sparkle never hurt anyone. From Alberta Ferretti’s sequinned suits to Oscar De La Renta’s shiny slips, SS 18 was ready for the holiday season. Get in the mood with ZIMMERMANN, EMILIA WICKSTEAD, TWIN-SET, ASHISH  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   EMPORIO ARMANI SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Russia.
Debut: Milan Fashion Week SS 15.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Loewe, Carven, Dolce & Gabbana and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT French actress Marine Vacth plays muse for Chanel’s Cruise 18 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   PHOTOGRAPHY Vito Fernicola.   Elegance, playfulness and ingenuity. Christopher Esber dissects and reworks masculine elements for his upcoming contemporary Resort 18 collection presented by AMP Capital, captured by Vito Fernicola in Walter Fontana’s Italian villa and art-inspired grounds. “Resort 18 was inspired by Walter Fontana, so being able to shoot in his country estate one hour outside of Milan was a major moment,” says Esber. Through Esber’s touch, pastel-hued trench coats, sheer flounces, crinkled cottons and menswear stripes are interwoven with a selection of feminine fabrications and colours. All that we want.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Second look. Alessandro Michele presents Gucci’s AW 17 women’s eyewear campaign, fronted by actress and muse Ni Ni, and captured at the Rio Cinema in London.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      With a cult following and celebrity devotees such as Cara Delevingne and Solange, Poms reveals its summer collection, Nuovo, featuring three new eyewear shapes in 12 different colourways. Shady ladies.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Italy is one of my favourite places to visit and I just wanted to kind of create this sense of movement in the campaign.” Designer Christopher Esber takes us to Villa Walter Fontana, Italy, for his Resort 18 collection campaign.    She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Connect the dots. Crafted in suede, jersey and calfskin, Loewe’s functional and playful Missy Dots bag is your new favourite accessory. LOEWE bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Timeless keepsakes to hold forever. Holly Ryan releases her holiday injection collection, handcrafted in both her Coolum Beach and Bronte studios, using only recycled, high-quality metals. Finding inspiration in by artists such as Matisse, Picasso and Arp, the collection runs true to the Holly Ryan signature minimalist, art-driven and sculptural aesthetic. All summer long.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: CHLOÉ SS 18; ALTUZARRA SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Copenhagen, Denmark.
Star sign: Sagittarius.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Fendi, Givenchy, Lanvin and Saint Laurent.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT She’s so high above me. Anthony Vaccarello taps icon Kate Moss for Saint Laurent’s moody Spring 18 #YSL13 campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Shiny metallic leather with that iconic LV twist lock. For after-hours play. LOUIS VUITTON wallet  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      She was like art. For its AW 17 campaign, Lonely Lingerie travelled to Carrara, Italy, with photographer Yumna Al-Arashi. Captured in a marble atelier with an all-female team, the campaign was inspired by the many unique types of female bodies in their purest and most beautiful form. Soft focus.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      It’s all about the theatrics. Gucci presents its FW 17 women’s eyewear campaign, captured by photographer Colin Dodgson in East London’s Art Déco Rio Cinema. True to creative director Alessandro Michele’s vintage-meets-modern aesthetic, the look is hinged on true romanticism, eccentricity, gender neutrality and the desirability Gucci’s made its signature. Think cat-eye frames rendered in midnight acetate and oversized shades encrusted with jewellery-inspired embellishments – crystals and microstuds – in a campaign fronted once more by the house’s eyewear muse: Chinese actress, Ni Ni. Just can’t get enough? Shop the Gucci FW 17 eyewear collection below.              She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes What lies beneath. From Simone Pérèle’s delicate lace to Baserange’s comfort factor. We explore the new essential underwear. “Switch up your daily routine. Mix and match pieces, add colour or print, explore new shapes for your body.” – Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor 
“Don’t wait for an occasion to make yourself feel good. In the new generation of lingerie, comfort is key.” – Andréa Tchacos, Features Director
 PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Jade Woods @ IMG
HAIR AND MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using endota spa COLOUR
STYLISTS AISSTANT Holly Lees  AIMEE dress from I.M. Imports  AIMEE skirt from I.M. Imports.  STELLA MCCARTNEY bra  SIMONE PÉRÈLE shorts  SIMONE PÉRÈLE briefs  BASERANGE bra   ARAKS briefs from My Chameleon  SIMONE PÉRÈLE top   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   DION LEE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   From Dion Lee’s tailored suiting to Saint Laurent’s laced flare. SS 18 opted for flattering one-shoulder cuts. Shop our take at MAJE, EMILIA WICKSTEAD, SAINT LAURENT and ALBUS LUMEN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Crystal clear blue waters, white sands and picturesque landscapes. She Made Me presents its Resort collection, captured in Todos Santos, Mexico. Featuring the brand’s signature crochet alongside ready-to-wear pieces, with the introduction of new swimwear. We’re all about that summer loving.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Figure and form. Unguarded moments and an all-seeing lens, Mary McCartney’s photographs portray an intimacy and personality often otherwise missed. McCartney, together with Matchesfashion.com, have launched a capsule collection of limited edition scarves printed with the photographer’s most iconic imagery. “Body of Work is a celebration of the female form – the beauty of a moment, the magic of the everyday,” she explains. The collection, available exclusively through Matchesfashion.com comprises four silk scarves and two woven wool scarves On why printing onto scarves interested her, McCartney says “it felt like a natural transition, wearable fine art … my prints have legs! I wanted to pair my imagery with tactile sensuality – the final pieces deliver! They’ve come into a life of their own.”. Art to own and art to wear.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   JEREMY SCOTT SS 18. Gorunway.com.   When you can’t decide what colour to wear, why not wear them all? SS 18 saw a rainbow burst onto the runways à la Versace and Jeremy Scott. Embrace the rainbow with ASHISH, GUCCI, MIRA MIKATI and TOPSHOP UNIQUE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      Bring in the holidays. Gucci launches its 2017 Gift Giving campaign, featuring a book of artworks by Spanish artist Ignasi Monreal, inspired by the story of the fall of Icarus. The catalogue’s stills are digitally-created works incorporating the products that Gucci has designated as its Gift Giving selection: a unicorn reclines in a car park adjacent to a pair of loafers, the brand’s iconic snake motif wraps itself around the legs of a sitting subject, and monogrammed bags perch on waiting room chairs, oblivious to the UFOs hovering outside. The Gift Giving selection spans handbags and jewellery, shoes and apparel, and porcelain and childrenswear and will be showcased in neon-lit window installations based around a glittering, yellow temple to giving.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: DOLCE & GABBANA SS 18; ELIE SAAB SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Netherlands.
Signature feature: Strong, bushy eyebrows.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Loewe, Maison Margiela, Dolce & Gabbana and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Give me the night. Spend an endless New York night out with Cara Delevingne for Jimmy Choo’s Cruise 18 campaign, Shimmer in the Dark.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Meeting of the minds. New Zealand label Kowtow has collaborated with Melbourne artist Caroline Walls on a capsule collection of limited edition t-shirts. “I love the boldness to Caroline’s work – not only in her shapes and colours but also in the themes and ideas,” says founder and creative director, Gosia Piatek. “This collaboration is a celebration of the body as an art form – we wanted to create confidence and encourage women to take back owning their bodies.” If the classic tailoring and muted palette of Walls’s designs aren’t enough, $20 from the sale of each tee will be donated to International Women’s Development Agency – advocating for safety, security and lives devoid free from gender based violence for women. The collaboration is available to be purchased online here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: GUCCI SS 18; ROKSANDA SS 18. Gorunway.com.   From Christopher Kane’s bejewelled glamour to Simone Rocha’s Victorian ruffles. SS 18 saw the silk-satin dress reimagined for the modern woman.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Everything changes. You never know what’s next.” In the languid light of the early afternoon, wearing jewels by Swarovski, model and muse Megan Irwin talks subconscious musings and why it’s worth watching the sunset in every city.  SWAROVSKI Remix Infinity Symbol bracelet  SWAROVSKI Remix bracelet  SWAROVSKI Remix Eye Symbol bracelet  SWAROVSKI Baron necklace  SWAROVSKI Angelic Square necklace and earrings  SWAROVSKI Circle Strandage necklace  SWAROVSKI REMIX bracelet  SWAROVSKI REMIX Black and White bracelet  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Such great heights. Originally created by Gaia Repossi in 2013 to celebrate the opening of the brand’s Dover Street Market store in New York, the Antifer collection centres around the peaked focus of each ring, necklace, cuff or earring. Rendered in plain gold, full diamond pavé and semi pavé, Repossi‘s Antifer collection is designed to be worn singularly or stacked, to mark life’s memorable moments and is available online and in stores worldwide.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14   BALMAIN SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Power play. From Saint Laurent’s bubble dresses to Gucci’s sequin flares, SS 18 turned back time to the 80s. I wanna dance with somebody. Revisit the era in GUCCI, SAINT LAURENT, ISABEL MARANT and BY MALENE BIRGER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo A holiday pendant made from bulls eye stone, pink gold and diamond. Your new lucky charm. VAN CLEEF & ARPELS necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY James Nelson Live in the light and in the dark. In denim made for every day, she’s nothing but the real thing. PHOTOGRAPHY James Nelson
FASHION Anna Foster
MODEL Margherita Boffetta @ IMG and Leira Pamp @ IMG
HAIR Peter Lux @ The Wall Group
MAKEUP Emma Williams  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Multi-coloured stones encased in gold plating. A glamorous touch for the party season. SWAROVSKI necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   Alexa Chung @alexachung.   A staple like no other. Make like Alexa and Jess and don your overalls for the most comfortable day off. Try on our pick from LEVI’S.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Through the looking glass. Chloé’s AW campaign gives an up-close and personal glimpse into their most recent collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: DOLCE & GABBANA SS 18; BRANDON MAXWELL SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Brazil.
Playing muse: Featured in Christian Dior and Zara AW 17 campaigns.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Saint Laurent, Christian Dior, Versace and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You were always on my mind. Burberry taps RUSSH cover star Cara Delevingne and Matt Smith for its AW 18 film campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: SALVATORE FERRAGAMO SS 18; PHILOSOPHY DI LORENZO SERAFINI SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Whether workwear-inspired at Max Mara or through 80s power play at Gucci. The jumpsuit was the real hero of SS 18. Shop our take with TEMPERLEY LONDON, NICE MARTIN, STAUD and CAMILLA AND MARC.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo A pastel suede for subtle effect. The new classic. CONVERSE shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT She shoots, she scores. NBA star Carmelo Anthony gives a basketball masterclass for Valentino’s Resort 18 campaign film. Game on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Tiffany & Co. launches Home & Accessories by chief artistic director Reed Krackoff. A take on modern life accented with beautiful things – the collection features silver gifts, objects, leather, home and baby. Think bone china Tiffany blue cups, crystal glassware affixed with the brand’s seal and packs of metallic-rimmed playing cards. True to Tiffany’s signature style, each piece from the collection is available to be personalised via hand engraving, embossing and embroidery, ensuring each item feels uniquely yours. Home & Accessories is available to shop now and ongoing online, orders required before Christmas must be placed by December 15.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   Karlie Kloss  @karliekloss.   From vintage Hollywood and Disney characters to outer space and beyond. These off-duty models embraced the scariest holiday of the year. Boo. Get into the spirit with our pick from ASOS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: HOUSE OF HOLLAND SS 18; LANVIN SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Think a young Leo in Baz Lurhmann’s Romeo and Juliet. SS 18 gave the party shirt an adult update in luxe silks and geometric textiles. Shop our take with GANNI, DOUBLE RAINBOUU, PREEN LINE and DRIES VAN NOTEN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      The forever staples. Paris Georgia have returned for a new season, continuing their 90s-influenced aesthetic and introducing new bold colours and fabrics. For the minimalists.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Emily Abay @ DLM SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Own your walk. G-Star Raw’s ELWOOD X25 drop II has landed. The classic pant spans 25 eclectic, innovative prints – animal, lux, art and more. The concept derives from unfeigned individualism – for those who demand utter expression, for the bold and the daring, the ones who know the possibilities are endless. Fancy more? Fashion and music once again unify thanks to Raw Radio, in collaboration with Sony, summoning the best local creative talent to showcase visual representations and playlists of their chosen ELWOOD X25 prints. The exhibition will be held at 78 Campbell Street St, Surry Hills, on Thursday November 2. Meet us there.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All for you. Accessorise and personalise your Coach bag with scarves, chains, straps and charms. We know what they mean by one of a kind. COACH bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: DOLCE & GABBANA SS 18; GUCCI SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: L.A.,United States.
Starting young: Her first modelling job was at age seven alongside Gemma Ward.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Christian Dior and more.
RUSSH girl: First appeared in the Imagination issue, and features in our This Must Be The Place issue, on newsstands now.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Cancerian, creative, girl on the rise. We’re all wrapped up in our October digital cover star Lily Jean Harvey, and with those icon-worthy vibes it’s no wonder. Here we spend a day in the studio with our newest Face. Press play and take a moment with Lily Jean. SEE THE SHOOT AND READ THE INTERVIEW  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel At first glance she’s a ringer for Calvin Klein-era Brooke Shields – the hair, those brows, a look that speaks to decades past. But our new digital cover star is decidedly modern: scouted before a One Direction concert, then tapped as the face of Topshop’s SS 17 campaign. On an autumn morning in London, the kind that eases between slow rain and dappled sunlight, we got to know our Face of October: Lily Jean Harvey. “I’m a Cancerian through and through – sensitive, creative, intuitive, moody and emotional. I love a good cry.” 
“I did my growing up in Newark-on-Trent, a market town not far from Nottingham, also not far from long hazy walks in summer with my neighbour and oldest friend Ella, and magnificent tones in autumn.”
 Harvey was born in London, but calls the town of Newark-on-Trent home. She was scouted back in the big city – “I was swinging on the birdcage swing outside Kings Cross … I can only describe my feelings that day as bemused” – and quickly caught the eye of industry heavyweights. Her first shoot was in front of the lens of Alasdair McLellan, an experience she describes as “surreal. Really … Many people never get the opportunity to work with photographers as good as Alasdair. It was an honour to start my career like this.” When she’s not in front of the camera, you might find her getting in touch with her creative side or reading a selection of the classics. “ … Probably something by Nabokov, or actually I just finished Gabriel Tallent’s My Absolute Darling after seeing it advertised on the tube – it will blow you away.” She’s a realist, holding grudges is a waste of her time, and she lives by the personal mantra that “things will work out in the end – they always do!” 
“[I most enjoy] travelling and meeting new people, especially from different backgrounds than me. There’s so much to learn from others.”
 
“The things people don’t know about me are my trump cards. I treasure having some privacy.”
 PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODEL Lily Jean Harvey @ Viva London
HAIR Blake Henderson
MAKEUP Crystabel Riley using Ere Perez Natural Cosmetics
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Alesha Jivanda Photographed at Darnley Road Studios.   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Out of all those kinds of people you got a face with a view. Under those wide open skies of Switzerland’s Valle Maggia, model Adele Taska and filmmaker Nicole Lily Rose capture our This Must Be The Place issue, on newsstands now.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo To have and to hold. A collection in collaboration with Harrolds – Heart of Bone’s Ivy Rose cuff and Skull ring for your one true love. HARROLDS X HEART OF BONE ring and cuff  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT If the shoe fits. The man behind those iconic sling-backs, Manolo Blahnik, gets the silver screen treatment in Manolo: The Boy Who Made Shoes For Lizards. The documentary offers and in-depth portrait of the designers life, featuring interviews with the Blahnik himself, alongside Naomi Campbell, Karlie Kloss and Rihanna. Manolo is now showing at Palace Cinemas as part of the British Film Festival selection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Gigi Hadid @gigihadid; Emily Ratajkowski @emrata.   It’s time to make a statement. Sleek and clean – Gigi and Camille know the white jumpsuit is the perfect off-duty staple. Try on our pick form ARNSDORF.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I’m a Cancerian through and through – sensitive, creative, intuitive, moody and emotional.” It’s time to meet our newest digital covergirl. She’s a painter, was scouted on the birdcage swing outside Kings Cross, London, and isn’t afraid to tell you what she really thinks. Once you meet her, you’ll never forget. So who’s the Face of October? Find out tomorrow at RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Whether shining bright at Christian Dior or power suiting at Marc Jacobs – SS 18 saw an orange burst of colour pop. For your daily dose of vitamin C. Shop our take at APIECE APART, SOLACE LONDON, MM6 MAISON MARGIELA and VICTORIA VICTORIA BECKHAM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo These glitter boots were made for walking. A retro silhouette for the space age woman. CHANEL shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Game, set, match. Nobody Denim launches its Perfect Match collection – a selection of denim separates in faded blues, rose petal pinks and inky blacks, working alongside tailored shirting and expertly cropped jackets. A winning score.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Milne In a quiet moment during Paris Fashion Week SS 18, photographer Amie Milne captured model Adela Stenberg in her favourite pieces from Anna Quan’s SS 18 collection. Meet me there. PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Milne
MODEL Adela Stenberg @ IMG  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: ACNE STUDIOS SS 18; THOM BROWNE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Nationality: Ukrainian.
Playing muse: Exclusive for Jil Sander AW 17 show.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Valentino, Hermès and Jacquemus.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      “Paradise, markets, crystal beaches and fun.” RUSSH Fashion Editor Bridie Gilbert and photographer Sam Hendel adventured out to the sundrenched shores of Ibiza to capture Tigerlily’s latest campaign. Featuring the brand’s signature prints on iconic bikinis and full pieces tailored for the ultimate summer adventure. Sunsets in the horizon.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Best of the Brits. Net-A-Porter launches Burberry Runway’s first exclusive womenswear collection for the retailer – a 14-piece capsule collection inspired by quintessential British wardrobe staples.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Straight from the TOMMYCIRCUS see-now buy-now runway. A mini backpack for your off-duty needs. TOMMY HILFIGER Tommy x Gigi bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: CHRISTIAN DIOR SS 18; STELLA MCCARTNEY SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Denim on denim. The Canadian tuxedo ruled the SS 18 runways. Shop our take at CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC, VETEMENTS, SIMON MILLER and NOBODY DENIM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Dark shadows. Originally created for actress Emma Watson to wear during the promotion of the film Beauty and the Beast, All Blues’s Ellipse collection features bracelets, earrings, necklaces and hair clips rendered in solid 925 sterling silver, each handcrafted inside a third generation goldsmith studio in Stockholm. Take me over.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT There’s a million things to be, you know that there are. Poppy Delevingne and Karen Elson star in Jo Malone’s new short film, Sing Out.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Make a statement. Pink leather complete with studs and Bvlagri’s iconic brass snake motif, reimagined by Nicholas Kirkwood. BVLGARI bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   EMILIA WICKSTEAD SS 18. Gorunway.com.   The bigger the better. SS 18 took the wide brim to further lengths for a supersized summer statement. Shop our take at LACK OF COLOR, HATMAKER, EUGENIA KIM and FREE PEOPLE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   Elsa Hosk @hoskelsa.   Keep in line. Kaia and Rosie know striped pants make for the most trusted off-duty staple. Try on our pick from HANRO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   From left: FENDI SS 18; VERSACE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Gambia, and was raised in Stockholm, Sweden.
Off-duty: Is a trained dancer.
Star sign: Gemini.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Miu Miu, Loewe, Givenchy and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      New beginnings. Gucci collaborates with British artist Helen Downie – who creates under the moniker Unskilled Worker – for its 40-piece exclusive capsule collection. It’s a creative relationship that began back in 2015, after Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele discovered Downie’s work on Instagram, and invited the artist to participate in Gucci’s No Longer / Not Yet show at Shanghai’s Minsheng Art Museum. In this latest collaboration, Gucci’s contemporary, eclectic Romanticism meets Unskilled Worker’s playful spirit in the form of ready-to-wear, bags, shoes, silks and accessories adorned with portraits and floral designs by the artist. The collection will be exclusively available on Gucci.com from October 11, and delivered in custom packaging decorated with Unskilled Worker’s designs. All that we want. Sponsored by Gucci.  GUCCI Unskilled Worker Hooded sweatshirt  GUCCI Unskilled Worker Hooded sweatshirt  GUCCI Unskilled Worker Silk dress  GUCCI Unskilled Worker t-shirt  GUCCI Unskilled Worker t-shirt  GUCCI Unskilled Worker mini skirt  GUCCI Unskilled Worker Grosgrain Bow brooch  GUCCI Unskilled Worker Nymphaea bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   RODARTE SS 18. Gorunway.com.   A softer kind of beauty. From Emilia Wickstead to Pringle of Scotland, a pastel palette took over for SS 18. The sweetest thing. Get the look with ALICE + OLIVIA, KALITA, PRADA and GIAMBATTISTA VALLI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes Your body next to mine. Classic, but more than that: discover new beginnings in Calvin Klein underwear. PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODELS Zhoe Trotter and Chris Fleischer @ Kult Australia
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using R+Co.
MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Title Artist Management using Chanel
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Anne Peeters  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR bra and briefs  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR bra and briefs  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR bra and briefs  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR briefs  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR briefs  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR briefs  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR bra and briefs  CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR bodysuit  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Any way you want it. Fendi calls on six model muses, Josephine Skriver, Stella Maxwell, Vanessa Moody, Sora Choi, Stella Lucia and Birgit Kos, to celebrate the launch of its new bag – Kan-I.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      The infinite pleasure of summer days inspired Viktoria & Woods‘ Resort 17 collection, Reverie, photographed by Jake Terry and featuring RUSSH girl Peyton Knight. Fitted forms are offset with fluidity, easy shirt dresses are cinched at the waist and sporty kimono two-pieces add modernity to the traditional. Available now in boutiques and online – bring on that endless summer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  Flora and fauna. Featuring 18kt white gold, diamonds and mother of pearl: a delicate take on the Gucci aesthetic. GUCCI earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Sarah Donnealia @sarahdonnealia; Roberta Pecoraro @robertapecoraro.   Not just a sun protector. Make like Camille and Roberta and consider the cap for your ultimate off-duty accessory. Go exploring with our pick from HOLIDAY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Karaoke nights. Naomi Campbell, Adwoa Aboah and Camille Rowe party down in Tokyo for H&M’s AW collection campaign film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Stars and stripes. From Calvin Klein to Marques’Almeida, SS 18 was an ode to the USA. Look the part in HOUSE OF HOLLAND, MSGM, RED VALENTINO and TOMMY HILFIGER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: ROCHAS SS 18; DOLCE & GABBANA SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Antwerp, Belgium.
Off-duty: Practices Jeet Kune Du, Bruce Lee’s style of kung fu.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Christian Dior, Valentino, Dolce & Gabbana and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Byron Spencer SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Always on time. Baby-G releases its Emma Mulholland-designed watch, a neon yellow time-piece dotted with retro florals. An exclusive piece, Baby-G will only release 100 of the watches with custom designed packaging and will be available to purchase at Myer, Goldmark and selected boutiques.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Rodney Deane See you in Paris. On a sun-drenched afternoon during PFW, photographer Rodney Deane captured model Anna Mila, as she strolled between the Marché des Enfants Rouges and sipped espresso at Cafe Charlot. PHOTOGRAPHY Rodney Deane
MODEL Anna Mila @ IMG
BEAUTY Tobi Henney using NARS and Oribe  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Phil Licciardo SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Go within. Inspired by the beauty and wonder of the female form, All That Remains presents its new collection, Woman. Hand-crafted design meets lightweight, natural fibres for pieces you want to live in day after day, think a crisp white jumpsuit, shoulder skimming tops and billowing sleeves. Only the essentials.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Hit the highway. Emma Mulholland’s celebrates its collaboration with timepiece makers Baby-G through the film Roadtrippers, a nostalgia-tinged trip for the senses starring Teresa Oman, taking us back to the freedom and love of the 60s.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dreamy waterfalls, 80s flashbacks and an ode to Paris. We wrap up the best of PFW. Find me on the island. ACNE STUDIOS
Pastel colours and party shirts. A 70s daydream. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN
Underwater world. Locks cascading in front of smouldering eyes. Behind the veil. ALTUZARRA
Pay attention. It was all in the details: curled lashes and the softest of shadows. Working women. CÉLINE
Complete with pleated skirts, belted coats and oversized tailoring.   CHANEL
Models donned plastic boots and coats, while Chanel transported the runway to another world. CHLOÉ
The first show under new creative director Natacha Ramsay-Levi. Chloé girls reign strong. CHRISTIAN DIOR
Sheer tulle dreams continue, along with denim and added sparkle for Maria Grazia Chiuri’s Christian Dior woman. Full bloom. DRIES VAN NOTEN
An array of mixed prints and colours. Unexpected tailoring and overlays that worked so well. ELIE SAAB
Welcome to the jungle. Palm frond prints and python vibes. ELLERY
Statement sleeves and artful accessories. The Ellery silhouette walks on in a fashion show for the digital age. ESTEBAN CORTAZAR
Textured knitwear, deconstructed shirting and graphic colour, drawing inspiration from Cortazar’s native Colombia. Nude beauty. GIAMBATTISTA VALLI
Strong brows stole the show. Paired with glossed lips and highlighted skin – it’s a look to replicate. GIVENCHY
Light of hand. Brushed brows and skin that shone. HAIDER ACKERMANN
Electric-shock hair. Paired with bright glossed lips or barefaced looks. HERMÈS
A checkered theme in a riot of colour. All that she wants. ISABEL MARANT
Isabel’s angels. Moisturised skin and not much else. JACQUEMUS
Sun drenched holidays in the south of France, featuring the accessories you’ll want to keep forever. LANVIN
Make tracks. Jagged liner cutting out from the corners of eyes. LOEWE
A patchwork of prints and fabrics. Loewe girls on tour. Old world meets new. LOUIS VUITTON
A show held at the Louvre’s Pavillon de l’Horloge. Brocade jackets, silk mini shorts, patent leather and a nod to Stranger Things. MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA
It was the neon pink lips in abstract shapes that stole the beauty look this year. MIU MIU
Sheer overlays, print on print, layer upon layer upon texture. NINA RICCI
Subtle shade. Bronze lids and peach cheeks gave the look of summer’s end. A true retrospective. OFF-WHITE
80s working girls and a nod to the people’s princess, Diana. RODARTE
Flowers on set and in models’ locks, sheer tulle and lace tiered gowns. A midsummer night’s dream. SACAI
A deconstructed assortment of print, colour and pattern. SAINT LAURENT
Short hemlines showing off long legs, bubble dresses, ostrich feathers and added sparkle. Party girls and Parisian nightlife. All in one. STELLA MCCARTNEY
Sophisticated evening wear meets cool suit silhouettes. For whoever you want to be. VALENTINO
Intergalactic. Whether it be a simple glossed lip or shading the eye with neon pink, the Valentino woman is otherworldly.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo The perfect dinner date. For that little added sparkle in your evenings. BOTTEGA VENETA bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Step into the light. Nobody Denim launches its Living Light collection – a wardrobe of classic denim separates in perfectly faded pastels and indigos, biker leather and tailored shirting. Pieces to take you from warm afternoons at the beach and into adventures of the night.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “She’s magical. She’s definitely a magical person. And at the time she didn’t even know it.” For the reinvention of Calvin Klein’s men’s and women’s fragrance, Obsessed, the brand unearths footage from that iconic 1993 Kate Moss shoot, with narration from photographer Mario Sorrenti. Memories of you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Miranda Kerr @mirandakerr ; Helena Christensen @helenachristensen.   Refresh your accessories with the seasons. Follow the lead of Helena and Miranda: a straw bag will take you from city living to holiday wear. Try out our pick from WORN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The new plaid, power shirting, and a fresh take on hosiery. Find on-duty inspiration with our ultimate Essentials. 
“Sheer delight. Sometimes it’s that extra touch, however subtle, that makes the outfit.” – Ellen Presbury, Market & Beauty Editor
 
“Play with contrasts. Pair Voodoo’s Touch Sheers in Navy with soft pink, or the Shine Sheer to Waist Sheers in Black Magic with a silk satin champagne. A new element.” – Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor
 PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Maya @ Kult Australia
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst using Giorgio Armani Beauty  PROTAGONIST dress  BIANCA SPENDER dress  JACQUEMUS top   BIANCA SPENDER skirt  VOODOO Touch Sheers in Tan  VOODOO Touch Sheers in Soft Black  VOODOO Glow Toeless Sheers in Nude Tan  VOODOO Shine Firm Control Sheers in Brazilian  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Into the future. For its SS 18 collection, Ellery assembled a digital presentation spanning across four rooms, showcased on LCD screens with live music accompanying the multi-sensory experience. Watch the full film here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      One-way ticket. Like a postcard from your favourite summer holiday, SIR’s latest collection for Resort is full of wardrobe essentials for warmer days. Crafted in a neutral colour palette with linen staples and relaxed ready to wear, we’re already dreaming of the beach. Come away with me.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT To the water. Model Zippy Seven is Auguste‘s latest muse for the brand’s new campaign, Pacific Girl, captured on the Great Barrier Reef.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Ripe for the picking. Loewe’s creative director Jonathan Anderson has once again collaborated with photographer Steven Meisel for the brand’s SS 18 campaign, Fruits, starring Vittoria Ceretti. With makeup by Pat McGrath and hair styling from Guido Palau, the campaign was inspired by the long-standing depiction of produce in art, and features five portraits of Ceretti with different piece of fruit.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: TOD’S SS 18; ALBERTA FERRETTI SS 18. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Paris, France
Debut: Givenchy AW 15.
Runway: Walked 52 shows during the SS 17 season.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Iconic for a reason. In preparation for Chanel’s SS 18 runway collection, we take it back to Karl, Helena, Claudia and Amber for the French house’s SS 96 show.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All that we want. Saint Laurent taps Charlotte Gainsbourg for the unveiling of its bag of the season, the Babylone.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Alex Tracey SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      G-Star Raw presents SS 17. Playing on new interpretations of traditional garments and the new denim era. We go exploring.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Together we are free. We can’t get enough of our September digital cover star Olivia Jansing, and is it any wonder? Here the NY native takes us back to nature for The Face. Press play and get lost in the best way. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Toes in the water, eyes on the prize. Our September digital cover girl lives life at full speed. “Go big or go home,” she says, and after one day with her you can see what she means. On an autumn morning in Rhinebeck, NY, we walked in fields surrounded by cattle and wildflowers, and got to know our new Face: Olivia Jansing. 
“I want to just be able to look back on the day and realise that there wasn’t a dull moment and no matter what I was doing I was surrounded by good people and the time was spent laughing and smiling.”
 A true Aries (“They say Aries are very stubborn, and I’m hella stubborn”) she’s the Long Island-born, Manhattan-raised surfer who lives like a magnet to water and nature. “I had a hard time as a kid expressing my emotions and for me going in the ocean or walking through the woods was something that just centred me.” When she’s not in front of the lens you’ll usually find her in her happy place, perched on the barrel of a wave somewhere out the back. “No matter what’s going on around me or in my life I can’t help but have the biggest smile on my face when I’m out there.” 
“It’s hard to put into words how surfing feels, being on a wave it’s like having 10 seconds of euphoria.”
 A girl on the move, the Public School muse cultivated her passion for travel at a young age, whether cruising around in her dad’s truck – “My dad usually rents a truck that I drive. It’s a massive 4-door F-150, he gives it to me so I can lug my surfboards around” – or road tripping through Costa Rica on a surf safari. “Getting to travel the world and work with amazing, interesting creative people … I love how even though I’m always modelling, every time I walk onto set there’s a different vibe and environment which I love. I would hate my job if I knew what to expect every day and only worked with people who were all similar.” “I think my friends would say I’m very loyal. Probably also that I’m honest, maybe sometimes too honest, and a good listener.” PHOTOGRAPHY Ward + Kweskin
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODEL Olivia Jansing @ Next
HAIR Lucas Wilson @ Home Agency
MAKEUP Laura Stiassni @ The Wall Group using Becca Cosmetics
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Eduardo Silva
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Alexandra Miles  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Final fittings. Behind the scenes with Dolce & Gabbana the day before their SS 18 Milan Fashion Week runway.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A week full of nostalgia, supermodels and the Italian dream. We round up the best of Milan Fashion Week. Someplace darker. ALBERTA FERRETTI
Frosted pink lips and smoky eyes paired with wet, matted hair. Grunge meets glamour for the Ferretti woman. BOTTEGA VENETA
Suede in all colours, fringing flare and a bedazzling of jewels. Let’s get louder. I am woman. DOLCE & GABBANA
Pure Italian romance. Dolce & Gabbana again brought perfect skin, lips and eyes for a sleek, modern beauty. ETRO
Feminine or masculine, Etro SS 18 didn’t make you choose. Deep sea baby. FENDI
Colour my world. A steel toned emerald coloured hair and lined the eyes for a slick statement. GIORGIO ARMANI
Jagged edge. It was the cropped, choppy bob wigs at Giorgio Armani that gave these girls their look. Paired with white blush, the effect was otherworldly.   Gucci time machine. GUCCI
An 80s revival and a nod to Elton John. Glitter, glamour, sequins and more. VERSUS VERSACE
Stand to attention. Frayed denim, touches of khaki and a plethora of leather made up Versus Versace’s new uniform. Easy easy. JIL SANDER
Light-weight, soft and free-flow for spring summer. MARNI
Unusual silhouettes, bejeweled embroidery and a patchwork of prints and materials. So classic. MAX MARA
Skin stayed natural to best accentuate a matte lip pop. Shimmy ya. MISSONI
Sheer dresses, sparkly jumpsuits and short hemlines. For the party girls. VERSACE
A tribute collection celebrating Gianni Versace. Carla, Cindy, Claudia, Helena and Naomi. Need we say more? Away with you. TOD’S
Coastal glamour, sandy tones and 70s vibes, inspired by Italy’s Amalfi Coast. SPORTSMAX
Striped knits, anoraks, jumpsuits and leggings. Refined and practical. To the beach. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO
Python prints, silk gowns and a colour palette for the season. ROBERTO CAVALLI
Go bold. Encircle the eyes with a heavy black liner and keep it at that. Wild things. PRADA
Strong, empowered. Prada takes on perfect tailoring, artworks and animal prints. PHILOSOPHY DI LORENZO SERAFINI
A sweet sailor’s edge paired with jumpsuits and playsuits belted waists. Like candy. NO. 21
Glossed and groomed. Brush brows, heavy mascara and glossy lips are all the No. 21 woman needs.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT International affair. Tailors of American classics, Schott, and French contemporary brand Maje release their first collaborative capsule collection: Maje x Schott.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I want to just be able to look back on the day and realise that there wasn’t a dull moment, and no matter what I was doing I was surrounded by good people, and the time was spent laughing and smiling.” You’ve met the Faces that have come before, and it’s time to get acquainted with our newest digital covergirl. She finds freedom in the barrels of the ocean and lives by the mantra ‘go big or go home’.
So who’s The Face of September? Find out tomorrow at RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Duckie Thot @duckieofficial; Camille Rowe @fingermonkey.   When a fire starts to burn. Off-duty red is the colour of the season for Karlie and Camille. Feel the heat. Try on our pick from MERLETTE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All the light touches. Nobody Denim launch their Living Light campaign full of soft, indigo denim and tailored tees. Welcome to your summer wardrobe.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Straight from the ROCKCIRCUS show at London Fashion Week, Tommy Hilfiger presents TOMMYxGIGI AW 17. Be my rock ‘n’ roll queen. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODELS TJ Bryant @ IMG and Beth @ Priscillas
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using R+Co
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using Tom Ford Beauty
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Ben Butcher   TOMMY HILFIGER TOMMYxGIGI Collection is available at select Tommy Hilfiger stores, David Jones and MYER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson Oh, girl. There’s never been a better time for statement frames. Need convincing? Look no further than our new GIF series – starring RUSSH girl Helen Bouchard. From book club to dance floor.
Take them everywhere. 
No need to say it with words, let your eyes do the talking.
 
For the girl that means business.
 Our favourite frames are anything but serious. You’ve got to express yourself. PHOTOGRAPHY Sarah Adamson
FASHION Ellen Presbury
MODEL Helen Bouchard @ IMG
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using R+Co
MAKEUP Peter Beard @ The Artist Group using M.A.C Helen wears ANNA QUAN coat. All glasses available exclusively at Specsavers.   BALMAIN EYEWEAR glasses available exclusively at Specsavers  BALMAIN EYEWEAR glasses available exclusively at Specsavers  BALMAIN EYEWEAR glasses available exclusively at Specsavers  BALMAIN EYEWEAR glasses available exclusively at Specsavers  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Florals imagined by Meadowlark. The beauty is in the detail. MEADOWLARK earrings in medium and large  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The surf, my love. Directed by Cloudy Rhodes and inspired by the beauty and wonder of the ocean, RUSSH and Louis Vuitton celebrate the re-opening of the brand’s Bondi Junction boutique with the premiere of Le Surf, Mon Amour – starring Australian actor Lily Sullivan.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com A week unafraid of colour, embellishment and silhouette. We round up the best of LFW. All woman. ANTONIO BERARDI
Scarlet red, olive, black and white. Strength in tailoring and silhouette. BURBERRY RUNWAY
A grand show held at the Old Sessions House in Clerkenwell. An ode to Britain and a fresh take on the classics. CHRISTOPHER KANE
DIY glamour. Crystal embellishments, sheer dresses and ruffles. Risqué women. EMILIA WICKSTEAD
Strength in colour, silhouette, material and elegance. I see you in the dark. EMPORIO ARMANI
The girls with the smouldering eyes. It was the smudged dark hues with pops of glitter that gave a dramatic look for the show. ERDEM
Winged eyeliner accenting a bare faces and fringes rolled on up. J.W.ANDERSON
Light-weight and fancy-free. It’s time to relax into spring. MARQUES’ALMEIDA
Signature denim, stripes, cut-outs and layering. Cool London girls with a Western twist. Bright young thing. MARY KATRANTZOU
Balloon dresses, floral prints, nylon, and don’t forget the colour. MOLLY GODDARD
A stare-off we wouldn’t win, not against these sooty cat eyes. Wild, curly hair was restrained by black headpieces, making that shadowing the focus. PETER PILOTTO
The sweetest pastel palette, soft satin silks and dreamy tailoring. PORTS 1961
Pleating, checks and dashes of colour. Workwear we want to wear. Mysterious girl. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI
Peachy lips and hair strewn across the face. Can’t take my eyes off you. PRINGLE OF SCOTLAND
Lightweight knits fit for the season. She’s so fine. ROKSANDA
Luminous skin, paired with a nude-infused pale pink lip. The perfect natural base. SIMONE ROCHA
Victorian girls and baby-dolls. Sheer layering and puffy sleeves. Welcome to the circus. TOMMY HILFIGER
A ROCKCIRCUS show made up of the Hadid army, immediately shoppable post show. Tommy’s town. TOPSHOP UNIQUE
Party girls. With metallic, sheer and bodycon touches, Topshop loves the nightlife for SS 18. VERSUS VERSACE
We don’t mess around. Dark winged eyes clashed with fresh freckled skin.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah; Suki Waterhouse @sukiwaterhouse.   From checks to stripes to prints. Make like Karlie and Suki and don your best power suit. Try on our pick from RACIL.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Radical simplicity. Neous presents its AW 17 collection from designers Vanissa Antonious and Alan Buanne. Inspired by the nature of duality – two opposing elements existing together in harmony –  each Italian hand-crafted shoe speaks of a discrete form of luxury. Perspex and wood meet suede and gold, rendered in silver and burgundy, tomato red and white for their block heeled mules and sock boots. Where you lead I will follow.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Captured by videographer Chuck Grant, Alessandro Michele unveils Gucci’s Cruise 2018 collection – Roman Rhapsody.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13   From left: CHALAYAN AW 17; DAKS AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Education: Graduated from Brown University before entering the modelling world.
Debut: Exclusive for Prada AW 16.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Valentino, Christian Dior and Chanel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com From model moments to glitter runways. We round up the best of NYFW. Bring me the night. ALEXANDER WANG
A party like no other with model of the moment Kaia Gerber opening the show. Deconstructed nightwear. AREA
Workwear meets street with bright neon pops of purple, yellow, red and fuchsia. Electric and eclectic street. ANNA SUI
Out of this world. Splashes of silver across the eyes at Anna Sui brought a modern touch. CALVIN KLEIN 205W39NYC
Cowboys and cowgirls unite. Raf Simons’ take on all-American. Wild, wild west. COACH 1941
Signature leather and sweet slip dresses complete with a glitter runway. Americana continues. CREATURES OF THE WIND
Mix and match for little bit of 60s psychedelia. DION LEE
Relaxed tailoring, bike shorts and pops of pink, purple and green for Dion Lee SS 18. City to beach. MARC JACOBS
It’s in your eyes. Marc Jacobs laid on the liner defiantly for his SS 18 runway, with an individual style to suit each eye shape. Island time. MICHAEL KORS COLLECTION
All of your pastel and palm tree dreams rolled into one. Book us on the next flight to Hawaii. OSCAR DE LA RENTA
Natural locks, groomed brows and neon-accented eyeliner have us ready for cocktail hour at Oscar de la Renta. PUBLIC SCHOOL
Workwear jumpsuits and double denim. Urban women. SIES MARJAN
Soft silks and pastel tones. Spring is here. Bright young thing. RODARTE
Shine on. Rodarte kept beauty ethereal for SS 18, with dewy skin and silver accents in the centre of the eyelids. TOM FORD
Graphic, glittery eyeliner paired with natural, glowing skin. For SS 18 Tom Ford gave us a lesson in how to daytime disco. VICTORIA BECKHAM
Glossy lids, bare skin and hair pulled off the face for carefree femininity. ZIMMERMANN
Inspired by Australia’s Gold Coast. Complete with playful cut-outs, floral prints and those signature ruffles. Back to basics. 3.1 PHILLIP LIM
A simple summer wardrobe of pinstripe pants, ruffle dresses, denim and white shirting.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes She’s a smooth operator. From Dion Lee’s slink to Max Mara’s red statement, we explore this season’s essential fabric: velvet. 
“Adding texture goes a long way. A once-simple slip dress comes to life with a fabric like velvet.” – Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor
 “Explore the colour wheel. Velvet works across a variety of hues, not just your staple black.” – Victoria Pearson, Arts Editor PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Sille Norfjand @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Holly Lees  GALVAN LONDON dress from Parlour X.  ANNA SUI dress  EQUIPMENT FEMME top  FRAME skirt  DION LEE dress  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo A cloud rendered in 18ct gold, finished with black or white diamonds. Why stop at just one? ALINKA rings in white and black  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Tiffany & Co. launches the second #KnotOnMyPlanet campaign – a social media-driven initiative in support of the Elephant Crisis Fund, with spokespeople such as Imaam Hamman, Doutzen Kroes, Julia Nobis and Sara Sampaio. In conjunction, Tiffany & Co. unveils it’s first philanthropically-driven collection, Tiffany Save the Wild, where 100 per cent of profits will be donated to the ECF.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   PHOTOGRAPHY Sacha Heintz, ART PHOTOGRAPHY Kym Ellery.   Life as art. Pairing abstract musings and inspirations from around the world, as photographed by Kym Ellery, with the drama and seduction of Ellery’s Fall 17 collection – we’d sacrifice it all for this. Available now in stores and online.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   From left: Georgia Fowler @georgiafowler; Roberta Pecoraro @robertapecoraro.   Whether exploring desert horizons, boating in Europe or riding a big jet plane – Mica and Helena know there’s no better way to accessorise than with a headscarf. We’re all wrapped up in this pick from MISSONI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Rugged and romantic, emotive and extreme. Alexander McQueen’s AW 17 campaign film takes us to the highlands to explore the natural wonder of the Icelandic landscape.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  I’ll follow you. Director Baz Lurhman conjures a world of fantasy for H&M’s forthcoming collaboration with Erdem, due for release November 2017.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/16   From left: ALBERTA FERRETTI AW 17; GABRIELA HEARST AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Georgia, United States.
Makeover: Hairstylist Guido Palau cut her long hair into her now-signature wavy bob.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Alexander Wang, Christian Dior and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Summer breeze and golden light. Sies Marjan taps Bruce Weber for its AW 17 campaign film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All I see. Solid pink cat-eye lenses for the sweetest statement. POMS X PARED sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT That girl is a tomboy. Influenced by hip-hop and its impact on street style over several generations, Marc Jacobs pays homage to the genre in his Fall 17 campaign film, Respect, directed by Jesse Jenkins.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Those perfect vintage jeans or that coat you bought second-hand on that holiday you’ll never forget. There’s something special about items that seem to have lived lives before us. British stylist Bay Garnett, pioneer of the 90s thrifting movement, has harnessed the spirit of these garments for her AW 17 capsule collection with M.i.h Jeans, Golborne Road. Inspired by the Portobello Road Market that stretched from Golborne Road to Westbourne Grove, Garnett has selected her most treasured picks from her extensive personal collection and reworked them for the eight-piece capsule collection which includes an expertly faded tee, a pair of high-rise wide-leg jeans and a tiger camo shirt to live in through the seasons. The collection is now available online.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Go your own way. Dr. Martens celebrates individuality with its new Worn Different campaign film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Lost between the golden hours of sunrise and sunset. Wearing Paul Smith AW 17 she explores new territory. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Paula Sanz @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Laure Dansou @ Work Agency using Tom Ford Beauty.
PHOTOGRAPHERS ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Dreaming of you. Starring Ella Verberne and captured by Akila Berjaoui, Posse’s SS 17 campaign makes us nostalgic for those warm nights and days that linger. Pairing off-duty essentials and timeless pieces made for picnicking by the beach all summer long, it’s hard to say no.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Taking the long way round. Phoebe Tonkin and Rhys Ifans star in the Sophie Edelstein-directed short film for Smythson, Journey to the Wild Side. Set in London, this director’s cut edit follows Tonkin through the back roads of the city on her quest to find the Royal Palace. “Travel is really all about dreams, you dream of getting somewhere, dream about what it’s like and then you dream about it when you get home,” says Edelstein of the film’s fantastical concept. “So I wanted to achieve that, in some way. I think that’s what that initial vision was about, and I wanted to keep that energy.” Of the film’s star she says, “Phoebe has that energy of … anything is possible. Let’s do this, let’s just get in a car and explore! She’s so curious and game.” And of the cult-cool Ifans? “[He’s] almost from a time that’s gone – he’s rock n roll, mysterious, but dapper and unexpected. He’s actually kind of a cult figure, I mean have you seen him in that Oasis video? … Incidentally, he’s just the nicest man, so sweet and gentle.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      New life. Introducing Modernsans, an online luxury fashion, art and homewares consignment space with an environmentally conscious mission statement: to reduce fashion and textiles waste through an artfully curated collection of vintage and archival investment pieces. Inspired by an attitude of timeless insouciance and a strong sense of self, Modernsans offers one-off pieces from luxury brands and ateliers, crafted from high-quality materials, to ensure each design finds renewed value and appreciation. Join the movement.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “We understand this political climate has turned your world upside down …” Celia Rowlson-Hall is the latest director to try her hand at Miu Miu’s Women’s Tales film series. Hosted and scored by Chairlift’s Caroline Polachek and set in a Cold War-era nuclear bunker is inspired by Miu Miu’s AW 17 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   Jessica Gomes @iamjessicagomes.   Lined with love. Make like Gigi and Lily and opt for a shearling jacket in the cooler months. Try on our pick from SAINT LAURENT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13   From left: ELIE SAAB AW 17; ISABEL MARANT AW 17. Gorunway.com.    Hails from: Wisconsin, United States.
Debut: Raf Simons’ Calvin Klein AW 17 show.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Alexander Wang, Fendi, Prada and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Before there was Coco, there was Gabrielle. A rebel at heart and as radiant as the fragrance she inspired. Here, Chanel muse Kristen Stewart channels the iconic designer in the new film from Chanel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT It’s not about me, it’s about us, it’s about all of us. Pharrell Williams and Adwoa Aboah star in G-Star Raw’s AW 17 film campaign: One icon, endless possibilities.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   Shanina Shaik @shaninamshaik.   Festival goers, rock ‘n’ rollers and holiday lovers. Ruby and Shanina know the mesh top works in any occasion. Try on our pick from LES ANIMAUX.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   ALEXIS MABILLE AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Gold dust woman. Big, bold, delicate and everything in between. AW 17 adorned the runways in the most precious of metals. Work the trend with HOLLY RYAN, MEADOWLARK, NATASHA SCHWEITZER and RELIQUIA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      A collaboration that speaks to our souls. When bespoke necklace brand Astley Clarke joined forces with Adwoa Aboah, model and founder of Gurls Talk, to create a lip motif necklace, you know we listened. Rendered in 18k gold and featuring a white sapphire tooth stud, let this piece speak for you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT From checks and plaid to tartan, Chloé to Max Mara, we play mix and match with the essentials of the season. 
“Don’t be afraid of colour. Take a risk and clash those prints.” – Natalie Petrevski, Junior Fashion Editor
 “Suiting needn’t be boring – consider checks or plaid prints to elevate your work wear.” – Victoria Pearson, Arts Editor. PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Sille Norfjand @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Holly Lees  CARLA ZAMPATTI jacket  LAUREN MANOOGIAN top from My Chameleon  CHLOÉ skirt from Parlour X  KAREN WALKER jacket  CHELSEA DE LUCA earrings  JUNYA WATANABE skirt from Parlour X  MAJE skirt  CARLA ZAMPATTI top  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I treasure my body, and I treasure other women’s bodies.” Featuring Amber Valletta and Stella Tennant, Proenza Schouler voices its support of Planned Parenthood and the communities it serves through a series of short films, directed by Harley Weir.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      Wearability meets sensuality for the Calvin Klein Jeans Men’s and Women’s Fall 2017 campaign, featuring RUSSH muse Julia Nobis and captured by Willy Vanderperre. Fresh cuts and fits revamp their iconic denim range for that inimitable brand of effortless cool. Good jeans.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   From left: STELLA MCCARTNEY AW 17; ZIMMERMANN AW 17. Gorunway.com.    Nationality: Romanian.
Runway: Featured in over 30 shows this AW 17 season.
Playing Muse: Walked for the likes of Valentino, Christopher Kane, J.W.Anderson.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Tracey Lee Hayes SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Good to love. Nobody Denim, alongside RUSSH face and visual artist Kitty Callaghan, present their editorial collaboration: In the Details. The artworks feature Callaghan’s trademark collage with Nobody Denim’s latest wares with a focus on hardware, exposed zips and buttons, raw edges, over-exaggerated cuffs and distressed denim.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      The icon collection. Masters of vintage denim, RE/DONE, have collaborated with all-American super Cindy Crawford to curate their own capsule collection – The Crawford. Comprised of classic cut jeans, tee shirts and sweatshirts, the range is a nod to those 90s wardrobe staples we’ve been coming back to time and time again, and will be available for purchase mid-September. All that we want.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Patent leather booties fit for every occasion – whether mid-length dresses or rock ‘n’ roll vibes are more your style. JIMMY CHOO shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   HOUSE OF HOLLAND AW 17. Gorunway.com.   The good, the bold and the textured. From Balmain’s animal prints, to House of Holland’s cowgirls. AW 17 lined up the Western front. Consider our selects from UNDERSTATED LEATHER, CALVIN KLEIN, STELLA MCCARTNEY and MIU MIU.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gabriela Hidalgo Silver-plated for a subtle statement. Take me to outer space. ELLERY earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Dilone @_dilone; Aiden Curtis @aidencurtiss.
   Make like Mica and have a good time. On sweatshirts and sundresses, don’t be shy with your yellow shade. Try on our bright pick from BAMBAH.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: LEMAIRE AW 17; NINA RICCI AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Vintage appeal with a fabric that’s too often missed. Embrace texture à la the AW 17 runways. Try our picks from MIU MIU, ETRO, VICTORIA VICTORIA BECKHAM and PRADA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: FENDI AW 17; CHANEL AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Discovered: Shopping in Amsterdam.
Seen: As a face of Miu Miu SS 17 and Stella McCartney AW 17.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Chanel, Lanvin and Céline.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You hypnotise me. You know the name, now get to know her better. We spent a London morning with our Face of August, Sarah Ellen. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Runway favourites. Suede and satin boots fit for Gabrielle Chanel. CHANEL shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Feet on the ground, head in the stars. Our August digital cover girl is a true wanderer. She seeks magic moments and people, like her, living for the adventure. We listened to records with the model, actress and singer-songwriter on a cool London morning; wearing Louis Vuitton’s AW 17 collection, she let us in on her can’t-live-withouts, her penchant for rap and love of astrology. It’s time to meet our new Face, Sarah Ellen. “I’m most grateful for being able to travel for work. Anything that involves new places whilst collaborating with creative minds is surreal for me.” That undeniable charisma, it first got her noticed at the tender age of 13 when a video uploaded to her Youtube channel went viral. Circumstances have changed since then, but it was a hint of the presence that would follow – along with acting roles and brand collaborations. Her taste for travel, too, was spurred at a young age by a family who nurtured her independent spirit. “Mum and Dad gave me a lot of freedom … they’ve always trusted me, which I can’t thank them enough for,” she says. “They’ve always encouraged me to work hard, be kind to people and enjoy life.” When she’s not working in front of the lens you can find her traversing the globe, riding a moped along the Italian coastline, or cultivating her creative talents: “Pottery … paint, [I] write on my guitar, watch iconic films, learn, create.” She’s got a talent for rhymes –  “I can rap all the lyrics to Juicy and Hypnotize by ‪Biggie” – and can’t live without her diary and books. A perfect day would start with The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill and end with a view of the stars, always. “I’m an avid stargazer and I am totally intrigued by star signs … it inspired me to buy a telescope.” “Without sounding too preachy or cheesy, it would be amazing to see people becoming more passionate about living ethically.” PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODEL Sarah Ellen
HAIR Tom Wright
MAKEUP Chloe Rose
SET DESIGN Julia Dias
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Lexie Miles  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      What started as a friendship between photographer Bruce Weber and Frame Denim founders, Erik Torstensson and Jens Grede, has evolved into a collaboration that saw Weber create his own interpretation of denim today. A love letter to an iconic textile.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You’ve met the Faces who’ve come before – women we could never forget. Our August Face is a Sydney-born Capricorn with a taste for adventure and silver screen dreams. Who’s that girl? Find out tomorrow on RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Les Coyotes de Paris have teamed up with photographer Alejandra Sabillón and fellow New York woman Pamela Katz, who models the label’s first women’s line. Designed for the contemporary female with an eye for the timeless.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Hand knitted from pure wool. Cosy up with The Honey. I LOVE MR MITTENS hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Into the blue. Creative Director of Sarah & Sebastian, Sarah Gittoes, presents her new collection Tidal. Inspired by her love of scuba diving and the ocean, the collection features abstract silhouettes of marine life including oysters, coral and shells. Dive in.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Colour me in. Filmmakers Veronica Crockford-Pound & Joseph Griffen capture Kate Sylvester’s designs on the streets of Mexico.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   SAINT LAURENT AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Shearling love. From Isabel Marant’s oversized collars to Proenza Schouler’s patent leather coats. A little lining went a long way for AW 17. Try our selects from IRO, ISABEL MARANT, OFF-WHITE and ALEXANDER WANG.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: JIL SANDER AW 17; PROENZA SCHOULER AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: China.
Campaign trail: Has featured in SS 17 campaigns for Prada and Nina Ricci and Net-A-Porter.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Christian Dior, Chanel, Louis Vuitton and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   VICTORIA BECKHAM AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Sharp, tailored, bright and subdued. AW 17 saw the best clean-cut suits take over. Suit up in DSQUARED2, STELLA MCCARTNEY and THE KOOPLES.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Alter egos and moody mid-century interiors. Bottega Veneta presents its AW 17 Art Of Collaboration film, captured on location at Lee House 2 in New Canaan, Connecticut, with photographer Todd Hido.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   Cami Morrone @camimorrone.   Chanel to Gucci to Saint Laurent. Make like Cami Morrone and Camille Rowe and step out with your sidekick. Try on our pick from GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A geometric soft-suede heel in rich bordeaux. Welcome to your new obsession. SAINT LAURENT shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   MARQUES’ALMEIDA AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From chunky knits to crisp shirting, vertical or horizontal – striped tops made the cut for AW 17. Shop our selects from TWIN-SET, ASHISH, ACNE STUDIOS and MISSONI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price That girl thinks she’s the queen of the neighbourhood. To celebrate Grace’s 10th anniversary, we take the party to the streets.  PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Indiah @ Vivien’s Models
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using Giorgio Armani All clothing and shoes from Grace.  MARCO DE VINCENZO top
  MARCO DE VINCENZO top
  PROENZA SCHOULER dress
  VICTORIA VICTORIA BECKHAM top
  MARCO DE VINCENZO dress
  3.1 PHILLIP LIM shoes
  CHRISTOPHER KANE skirt
  PROENZA SCHOULER pants
  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Miu Miu’s colourful AW 17 campaign, starring Kate Moss, Adwoa Aboah and Naomi Harris, is brought to life by Alasdair McLellan and the Preservation Hall Brass Band.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Enter their universe. Stella McCartney presents Winter 2017, filmed on a landfill in Scotland, as a comment on waste and the future of the planet.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   SPORTMAX AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Netherlands.
Heritage: Hammam is of Egyptian and Moroccan descent.
Playing muse: Has been captured by Mario Testino, Theo Wenner and Patrick Demarchelier.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson Escape into the unknown. She’s lost in her ways in the best SS 17 fashion from The Strand Arcade. Love to love you. Spend an evening at The Strand Arcade with the designers and personalities behind its extraordinary community, with exclusive experiences and offers available on the night. Evening with our Designers will take place on August 16 from 6pm. Reserve your place here PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson @ Artboxblack
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Tess Angel @ Priscillas
HAIR Michele McQuillan @ MAP using Oribe
MAKEUP Isabella Schimid @ Union using Marc Jacobs Beauty
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Ollie Black  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   ZIMMERMANN AW 17. Gorunway.com.   A winter layering essential. From Louis Vuitton’s coloured knitwear to Marni’s soft textures. AW 17 was all about the turtleneck. Shop our selects from JIL SANDER, TOM FORD, MISSONI and LAUREN MANOOGIAN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes Denim is the forever essential. Whether playing with structure like Balenciaga or adding a shearling touch like Levi’s, this one’s never going out of style. Jean jacket girl you make my world right. 
“Soft versus structure. Pair your denim jacket with a silk slip dress or skirt for contrast and edge.” – Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant
 “Look past blue. Black and white variations can offer a modern take on this wardrobe staple.” – Victoria Pearson, Production Co-ordinator  PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Carla Martinez @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Charlie Kielty @ Work Agency using NARS from Mecca Cosmetica
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Kaitlin Rodriguez  BALENCIAGA jacket from Parlour X  NOBODY DENIM jacket  LEVI’S jacket  ASSEMBLY THE LABEL shirt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   CHLOÉ AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Shimmy shimmy ya. For AW 17 ruffles came to play. Flow free and take it away. Try our selects from ELIE SAAB, MSGM, TOM FORD and JONATHAN SIMKHAI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Christina May Carey Making shadows on the wall. Photographer Christina May Carey captures an intimate game of dress up with model Suzi Leenaars. PHOTOGRAPHY Christina May Carey
FASHION & MODEL Suzi Leenaars  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT To the streets. Chanel’s two-tone boots take to the pavements of Paris for the brand’s AW 17 Pre-Collection campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Desert heat. Understated Leather releases its latest campaign featuring model and musician Alyssa Miller. The collection was designed by Miller herself, who set out on a road trip through West Texas with photographer Harper Smith to capture the campaign. Drive on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      To banish imperfection is to destroy expression. Minimalism, asymmetry and imperfection for Holly Ryan SS 17 – a collection crafted during the women’s marches in early 2017 as an exploration of what it means to be a woman, through unique and wearable jewellery pieces.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: OFF-WHITE AW 17; ACNE STUDIOS AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Full name: Julia Ratner.
Hails from: Ukraine.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Valentino, Chanel, Christian Dior and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Freedom, strength and the beauty of flowers. Meadowlark‘s new collection, Liberty, offers a selection of tough-love charms – sturdy necklaces, earrings, chokers and rings that celebrate the wild, untamed, natural joy of wildflowers. All good things.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      Delicate, intricate and feminine. Founded by Laura Bailey and Sheherazade Goldsmith, bespoke jewellery brand Loquet London release their AW 17 collection – talismans for now and forever.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Tiffany & Co. reveals its AW 17 campaign, There’s Only One. Lensed by Inez and Vinoodh, the campaign features a series of portraits of the brand’s muses, including Zöe Kravitz and Elle Fanning, as a celebration of self-expression and individuality. Instant icon.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      Clean lines, architectural shapes and soft silhouettes for Bassike SS 17. Featuring RUSSH girl Charlee Fraser and James Manley, the collection runs true to the Bassike aesthetic. Clean slate.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Sleek and refined. Designed for your daily essentials, small enough to take into the night. X NIHILO bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Take me to the stars. Gucci’s Star Trek-inspired AW 17 film campaign, directed by Glen Luchford, takes us back to the sci-fi days of the 50s and 60s. Out of this world.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   MAX MARA AW 17. Gorunway.com.   So fresh and so clean. From Giambattista Valli’s lace-up boots to Dries Van Noten’s patent leather, AW 17 runways saw white footwear take stride. Consider our selects from DORATEYMUR, STELLA MCCARTNEY, MARYAM NASSIR ZADEH and NICHOLAS KIRKWOOD.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Confidence is key. Vans meet modern suiting for the ultimate in power moves. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Rose Freemantle @ IMG
HAIR Madison Voloshin @ Vivien’s Creative using V76
MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency using Ella Baché
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Bjorn Johnston  VANS shoes  VANS shoes  VANS shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Willy Vanderperre SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      The California desert, 22 models, a series of billboards and a study in art and artifice and you have Calvin Klein’s AW 17 campaign. Featuring a new denim line and the best of the AW 17 runway – this one is for all of us.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Larissa Hofmann @larryhofmann; Emma Boyd @emmakateboyd.   Volume necessary. Whether playing pink with Adwoa or disappearing into the night like Larissa. Warmth is key for these off-duty models. Try on our pick from BALENCIAGA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Before I fall to pieces, tell me what’s your species. Valentino brings its muses to the streets of London for its AW 17 film campaign, captured by Joanna Nordahl and scored by Eliot Sumner. The pre-launch collection is exclusively available online from July 26 at mytheresa.com.   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   JIL SCOTT AW 17. Gorunway.com.   For AW 17, designers went to the jungle. Take cues from Balenciaga and Michael Kors: become your spirit animal. Try our selects from ATTICO, GANNI, R13 and PRADA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   H&M AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Florida, United States.
Playing Muse: Has featured in campaigns for Lanvin and Carolina Herrera.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Chanel, Fendi, Versace and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Your new go-to pouch with added bonus silk scarf. Not one to miss. DYLAN KAIN bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Bring it back to me. Missoni channels retro vibrations for its Pre-Fall 2017 film campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes The cross-seasonal essential. From Moncler’s oversized goodness to Proenza Schouler’s contrast stripes, this is the knitwear you’ll want to hold tight. “Elongate your shape. Wear oversized and flared sleeves for extra length. Long lines.” – Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant “Close for comfort. Choose a fine feel or chunky rib according to temperature. It’s all about the texture.”
– Andréa Tchacos, Features Editor PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Carla Martinez @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Charlie Kielty @ Work Agency using NARS from Mecca Cosmetica
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Kaitlin Rodriguez  DION LEE dress from My Chameleon  PROENZA SCHOULER skirt from Parlour X  PROENZA SCHOULER top from Parlour X  PROENZA SCHOULER skirt from Parlour X  JASMIN SPARROW earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A contrast pop of black and white. This zigzag mod bag is an eye-catcher of the mini kind. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   ALEXANDER MCQUEEN AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Woodstock revisited. It was a tale of colour, textiles, prints and embroidery woven into the runways this AW 17. Shop our selects from NO.21, ETRO, ALANUI and GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      We should be together. Japanese retailer Uniqlo has announced its latest collaboration with designer J.W.Anderson. The 33-piece collection will marry functionality and visual impact – think textured denim, tartan outerwear and cable knits. Of the men’s and women’s collection, Jonathan Anderson says, “doing something with Uniqlo is very interesting … it means you come up with a wardrobe which is universal and quirky,” It has us wishing that the cooler months would linger a little longer. The collection will be available in stores and online from September 22.   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Frederikke Sofie @frederikkesofie; Camila Morrone @camimorrone.   The softest of knitwear in the shade of the season. Make like Frederikke and Vanessa and lounge in your best. Try on our pick from ALLUDE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Basic instinct. Fendi’s high energy Autumn Winter 17 Men’s film campaign reflects the lively spirit of the collection, designed by Silvia Venturini Fendi.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All woman. Stella McCartney presents its latest fragrance, POP Bluebell, featuring the musician Grimes, Lourdes Leon, animal activist Kenya Kiniski Jones and actress Amandla Stenberg.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   BOTTEGA VENETA AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Whether heroine or villain, from Alberta Ferretti to Bottega Veneta capes were out in full force on the AW 17 runway. Try our selects from GUCCI, VALENTINO, PLEATS PLEASE BY ISSEY MIYAKE and MONIQUE LHUILLIER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A collection of Pandora rings crafted with a unique blend of rose gold and delicate stone embellishments. Why stop at just one? PANDORA Rose Braided Pavé Ring, Rose Dazzling Daisy Chain Ring, Rose Dazzling Daisy Ring and Rose Hearts of PANDORA Ring.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: VALENTINO AW 17; LOUIS VUITTON AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Louisiana, United States.
Playing muse: Has appeared in campaigns for Proenza Schouler and Calvin Klein Jeans.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Christian Dior, Saint Laurent and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Deep inside of a parallel universe. Prada presents the AW 17 instalment of its 365 film series, captured by Willy Vanderperre and featuring Freja Beha Erichsen, Amanda Murphy and Kris Grikaite.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Achingly cool, a true creative – we can’t get enough of our July muse. Trip to the rooftops of London with RUSSH’s new Face, Franzi Frings. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Straight out of ’93. Cool clear frames to subtly channel the king of grunge. CHRISTIAN ROTH sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The ultimate in intricate – step into Chanel’s atelier for a glimpse of the making of its AW 17 Haute Couture collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Mythical creatures. The Mini Buckle bag is one of many creations from the new Burberry Beasts collection. BURBERRY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Precious possessions. Lina Hoss falls in love for Gucci’s SS 17 Jewellery and Timepieces collection film, captured by Colin Dodgson.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   PRABAL GURUNG AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Now more than ever. From Prabal Gurung to Christian Siriano, the AW 17 runways carried messages of power, feminism and love. When she talks I hear the revolution. Consider our selects from GUCCI, VERSACE, STELLA MCCARTNEY and KENZO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The devil’s in the detail. Luxury at its finest for Haute Couture AW 17 in Paris. True Parisian. CHANEL
 Taking Paris indoors. With it’s own Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais was once again transformed. From hourglass coats to feather touches, it was true showcase of detail from the Chanel atelier. CHRISTIAN DIOR With shades of grey, belted waists, velvet and masculine tailoring, the Christian Dior woman is a world traveller. Bloom for you. FENDI  Shades of red, pink, purple and blue, floral applique and a mixture of textures. A Fendi flower garden. GIAMBATTISTA VALLI Take my breath away. With powder pink voluminous tulle gowns, soft silk dresses and crystal embroidery. The beauty of couture. Stay golden. MAISON MARGIELA Gold boots made for walking and deconstructed silhouettes. Otherworldly glamour. VALENTINO Luxurious velvet, long lengths and delicate evening gowns. Nothing but elegance for the Valentino woman.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All of the lights. Mica Argañaraz and Binx Walton hypnotise in part one of Anthony Vaccarello’s #YSL11.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Time meets travel. Adèle Exarchopoulos, Jaden Smith and Miranda Kerr introduce the new Tambour Horizon smartwatch from Louis Vuitton – a customisable invention created with the world citizen in mind.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Grace Elizabeth @lovegrace_e; Larissa Hofmann @larryhofmann.
   The forever go-to. Make like Mica and Larissa and layer on a denim jacket – with jeans, tracksuits and summer dresses. There’s no wrong move. Try on our pick from BALENCIAGA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   VALENTINO AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Trinkets to adorn forever. Layered up and ethereal à la Christian Dior or straight from the sea as at Prada, these are the talismans we want to take home. Consider our picks from MIU MIU, GEMCO, STEPHEN WEBSTER, BHINDI JEWELERS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dolce & Gabbana live the good life for their Autumn Winter 2017 film campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   ISABEL MARANT AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Argentina.
Signature: Those shaggy curls, complete with a fringe.
Runway: Has walked for Saint Laurent, Louis Vuitton, Alexander McQueen and more since making her debut at Christopher Kane SS 13.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Take me away. Louis Vuitton presents its Travel Book collection, inviting four artists from across the globe to journey to cities foreign to them. The result is a compendium of drawings and illustrations of places seen through fresh eyes. Your new travel companion.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Reality meets fantasy. Jessica Chastain plays muse in the Willy Vanderperre-directed film, Persona, part of Prada’s AW 17 collection campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Forever the classics. IWC Schaffhausen’s Da Vinci Automatic has us ready to put our phones down and return to the wristwatch. IWC SCHAFFHAUSEN watch  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Wild horses couldn’t drag me away. Inspired by the freedom and energy of summer, Versace presents its SS 17 Eyewear film, starring Edie Campbell.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The time to hesitate is through. Leave minimalism behind and adorn yourself in statement neckpieces from Chanel, Tiffany & Co., Reliquia and more. “Layer your necklaces for special effects. Wrap around twice or add a second piece. Worn to be seen.” – Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant “Now’s not the time to be shy. Upsize your look with coloured gemstones, chain links and oversized iconography. Big and bold is key.” – Victoria Pearson, Production Co-ordinator PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Elena @ Jaz Daly
HAIR AND MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency  TIFFANY & CO. necklace  JY JEWELS necklace  GUCCI necklace  CHANEL necklace  DINOSAUR DESIGNS necklace  RELIQUIA necklace  TIFFANY & CO. necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: ELLERY AW 17; FENDI AW 17. Gorunway.com.    Raise those hemlines. From Fendi’s red power movers to Isabel Marant’s patterned leather, the thigh high boot made its presence known on the AW 17 runway. Consider our picks from JIMMY CHOO, BALENCIAGA, YEEZY and STUART WEITZMAN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Jessie Bloemendaal @jessie.bloemendaal; Frederikke Sofie @frederikkesofie.   Chunky like Frederikke or sleeveless à la Ania. Follow the lead of our model muses and frame your face with a high neckline. Try on our pick from STELLA MCCARTNEY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Tear drops on a vintage rose. A statement earring for glamorous nights. CHELSEA DE LUCA earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   ROKSANDA AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Better than your bedspread. Take cues from Chanel and Mulberry and wrap yourself in a quilted overlay. Cosy up. Consider our selects from RICK OWENS, BALENCIAGA, ETRO and ISABEL MARANT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Rethink your ways, reset your mind. Lucy Folk launches the Angler collection. With an emphasis on nature, it’s exploration of changing perspective and the many angles from which life can be seen. Time for a sea change.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Toni Maticevski made his Parisian debut with a collection for Resort 18, complete with signature architectural shape, volume, tactility and jolts of colour. Electric feel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Nature boy. Stella McCartney presents its AW 17 Menswear film, Black Park, directed by Sean Ellis and starring Cillian Murphy.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   ZADIG & VOLTAIRE AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Chiaravalle, Italy.
Discovered: In 2014, after entering herself in the Elite Model Look contest in Milan.
Runway: Has walked for Givenchy, Valentino, Chanel and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Oh oui je t’aime. Hatsumi’s Laundry unveils its latest collection, Printemps. Simply comprised of three lingerie sets, each piece rings true to the label’s fresh, sensual and delicate aesthetic. Like a springtime love affair.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Drop me off in New Orleans. For AW 17, photographer Alasdair McLellan brought Miu Miu to the deep American South. Amidst the Mississippi bayous and New Orleans’ Preservation Hall, McLellan captures the new guard – Adwoa and Kesewa Aboah – and the icons – Kate Moss – alongside actress Naomi Harris, in Miu Miu’s clashing tones and opulent textures. Southern jewels.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A different kind of high. The xx collaborate with Calvin Klein’s chief creative officer, Raf Simons, and photographer and filmmaker Alasdair McLellan for their latest film, I Dare You. Filmed in Los Angeles at Lloyd Wright’s Sowden house and John Lautner’s Rainbow House, and starring a host of Calvin Klein faces, the song appears on The xx’s 2017 album, I See You.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY James Nelson Stereo Total’s Relax Baby Be Cool might be the song that always gets her dancing, but it could also double down as a personal mantra for our July Face, Franzi Frings. The Berlin-based model has walked for Alexander McQueen, Rick Owens and Loewe, but it’s this Capricorn’s serene creative spirit that has us all caught up. “My perfect day would be travelling with a VW Bulli – you can sleep wherever you want.” Frings spent her formative years with her family in Düsseldorf, and was first scouted at an airport during her high school years – though it wasn’t until she’d finished her studies that she decided to pursue it professionally. “For [my family] it was really important to finish school first before I started with modelling. Of course that was a good decision, from thereon they supported me in everything.” 
“[My home is] Berlin; I’ve lived here for many years. The city is changing, as all the cool places do, but I feel peaceful and free here.”
 When Frings isn’t in front of the lens, she’s busy working behind it. Having juggled her modelling career with a degree in photography, she admits “it wasn’t easy to balance university (photography) and modelling at the same time,” but this hasn’t deterred her from continuing to channel her off-duty time into on projects that incorporate her artistic passions. “I’m really looking forward to having the project done that I’m recently working on, it involves photography and sculptures … [In the future I wish] for the freedom to do my art.” “I just found a little atelier where I go and paint and read and edit my photography. This is heaven for me to be surrounded by my books, paintings, photos and listen to the radio …” PHOTOGRAPHY James Nelson
FASHION Anna Foster
MODEL Franzi @ The Hive Management
HAIR Peter Lux @ The Wall Group using Moroccanoil
MAKEUP Bunny Hazel Clarke using Bobbi Brown
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT David Wade
STYLIST’S ASSISTANTS Amy Ryall and Alexandra Vilcov  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Statement pieces made in Italy. Golden beads for the kind of nights you’ll remember when you’re older. MARNI earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   ANDREW GN AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Spot the difference. Whether making a statement at Balenciaga or playing oversize at Loewe, polka dots are the go-to print for AW 17 Try our picks from ANNA OCTOBER, GUCCI, COMME DES GARÇONS VINTAGE and MONSE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY James Nelson I want get to know you. Georgia, Cami, Dilone, Jeet and Sarsha – these are the muses who colour our universe. Faces we can’t shake, names we won’t forget. Our July Face hails from Germany and has walked for Alexander McQueen, Rick Owens and Loewe. Get acquainted with our new digital cover girl from tomorrow on RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Kate, Stella and Guinevere stay cool on the runway in their late-90s best for Prada’s Spring Summer 1997 collection – later to be captured by Glen Luchford in his iconic campaign photographs of Amber Valletta.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Anja Konstantinova @anja_konstantinova; Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah.   Baby, it’s cold outside. Boldly embellished or knitted with love, make like Anja and Roberta and add a beanie to your uniform. Try on our pick from THE ELDER STATESMEN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT For the understated woman. Mansur Gavriel introduces its new ballerina flat, crafted in soft chocolate suede. If you say run, I’ll run with you. MANSUR GAVRIEL shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   ISABEL MARANT AW 17. Gorunway.com.   A new take on floral; moody and textured. From Altuzarra to Isabel Marant, dark flowers bloomed for AW 17. Consider our picks from MSGM, REBECCA TAYLOR, ERDEM and MOSCHINO VINTAGE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: ELLERY AW 17; JACQUEMUS AW 17. Gorunway.com.   The girl from: Guadalajara, Mexico.
Scouted: Shopping with her mother.
Runway: Has walked for Proenza Schouler, Christian Dior, Valentino, Saint Laurent and more.
Off-duty: Zaragoza is a flamenco dancer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Pleasure at the fairground. RUSSH girl Jess PW embodies Rag & Bone’s Resort 18 collection on a trip to Coney Island amusement park. Merging tailoring with streetwise outerwear and dashes of red, it’s an invitation to have a little fun.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Matilda Dods @matildadods; Ruby Aldridge @rubyaldridge.  
  With shorts like Ruby or layered up like Luna. Follow their lead and add a touch of unexpected detail with a pair of fishnets. We’re all caught up. Try on our picks from WOLFORD.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Mod vibes. The Sadye shades bring a 60s touch to days in the sun. BARTON PERREIRA sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price Luxe meets relaxed. Unwound, but not too far. Whether doubling up tracksuits or mix and matching soft staples, it’s the way you wear them that matters. 
“Overlap your silhouettes. Layer dresses over yoga pants for more depth, and introduce a new colour.” – Ellen Presbury, Fashion & Beauty Coordinator
 
“Dress up the occasion. If stepping outdoors in your matching tracksuit, pair with an oversized coat for a look tailored to the public eye.” – Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Elena @ Jaz Daly
HAIR AND MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency  BASSIKE coat  G-STAR RAW pants  G-STAR RAW t-shirt   NIKE pants  BASSIKE coat  C&M CAMILLA AND MARC pants.  BASSIKE top  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: SONIA RYKIEL AW 17; BALENCIAGA AW 17. Gorunway.com.   All about the flounce. From Prada to Alexander McQueen, AW 17 saw the rise of feathered accents for extra warmth and playful movement. Consider our selects from TEMPERLEY LONDON, PRADA, ALBERTA FERRETTI and MAKI OH.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Lost in a dream. Strength and softness, it’s a woman’s world. Pereia Fitzgerald’s Autumn 17 campaign, captured by Lincoln Caplice, honours the multifaceted balance of harmonious shapes and feminine fabrics.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Iconic hardware and luxury leather. It’s a new way to tote with Strathberry. STRATHBERRY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   TOD’S AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Rich, warm and lush. AW 17 saw the likes of Joseph and John Galliano infuse their collections with chocolate tones. Try on our selects from CARAVANA, VETEMENTS, CHLOÉ and LOEWE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Children of the sun. Zulu & Zephyr bring the 70s vibes with new collection, Golden, launching in July. Shot on film by sisters and co-founders Karla Rose and Candice Rose-O’Rourke, it has us reminiscing over the feel of hot sand and the smell of the sea.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: TOD’S AW 17; BALMAIN AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Born: Sydney, Australia.
Raised: Montenegro.
On the runway: Has walked for the likes of Christian Dior, Valentino, Saint Laurent and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Nick Tsindos To have, hold and keep close always. Statement, timeless or one-of-a-kind, these are the jewels we long for. PHOTOGRAPHY Nick Tsindos
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Amy Riley @ IMG  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT He’s the one. Prada places cult Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar in front of the lens for Auteur, in honour of the brand’s Autumn Winter 2017 Menswear collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A delicate wrist bag complete with three kiss-locked compartments. Wrap around me. HALF MEASURES bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      All-in-one. H&M group presents the latest addition to its apparel portfolio, Arket – translated from the Swedish word for ‘sheet of paper’ – a modern-day marketplace for fashion, accessories and homeware essentials. Designed to be loved for many seasons to come, Arket’s aesthetic is derived from a focus on well-made, accessible, durable staples. Some Arket boutiques will also feature Nordic-style cafes, with the brand’s first outpost set to open on London’s Regent Street in the coming months. It’s in the simple things.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   MIU MIU AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Better than your bathrobe, but just as cosy. From Miu Miu to Dion Lee, AW 17 saw terry towelling-style materials take over. Feels so good. Get wrapped up in JEAN PAUL GAULTIER VINTAGE, ALESSANDRA RICH, ELIZABETH AND JAMES and SHRIMPS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Sarah Lysander @sarahlysander; Jeet Pavlovic @jeetpavlovic1.    From Italian coastlines to Parisian balconies. Jeet, Lise and Elsa make it a true romance in polka dot dresses. Try on our pick from RÉALISATION PAR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   SAINT LAURENT AW 17. Gorunway.com.   I will follow you into the dark. From Alexander McQueen to Saint Laurent, black leather was in full force on the AW 17 runways. Consider our picks from THE ROW, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN, FLEUR DU MAL and SAINT LAURENT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      From the Grandmother necklace to the Discuss earrings, RUSSH girl Gigi Ringel wears the latest in Reliquia’s subtly nostalgic essentials. The golden age.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A timeless classic made for the modern day. Let Daniel Wellington’s petite sterling timepiece set the mood. DANIEL WELLINGTON watch  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Designer Nye De Marchi presents the latest campaign for By Nye jewellery, photographed by Jesper Hede. A series featuring two models, their unique qualities blurred into one, sets the tone for the label’s new shapes and artfully moulded pieces. Fade into you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Room service. Miu Miu’s Autumn 2017 campaign, Room 303 – captured by Alasdair McLellan and starring Jaime King – offers a glimpse behind the doors of a Mayfair hotel in London.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Striped canvas embellished with bows. A wardrobe addition fit for the individual. FENDI bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Silver screen dreams. Prada takes a trip to the movies for its Cinéma Spring Summer 17 Eyewear collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   FAUSTO PUGLISI AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Memphis, Tennessee.
Runway: Walked over 20 shows this AW 17 season.
Recognition: Nominated for Models.com’s 2015 Industry Awards Women’s Breakout Star.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Sea of love. Miu Miu’s 2017 Eyewear collection campaign is an ode to the power of female friendships, captured in a sun-drenched haze by director Victoria Hely-Hutchinson.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones For weekends by the water when a sun hat won’t suffice. Make a fisherman’s cap your new essential. 66 THE LABEL hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The green-eyed girl with a smile we can’t forget. Watch our June Face Sarsha Chisholm in action. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Come closer. Suiting and spandex coloured Demna Gvasalia’s Balenciaga collection for SS 17 – captured on film by Harley Weir, starring Alek Wek, Eliza Douglas and Sunniva Vaatevik.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   ELLERY AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From lilac to lavender to the deepest purple. At Ellery, John Galliano and Acne Studios, AW 17 covered all the shades.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The new classic. Kailis launches its 2017 collection, Charleston, with a short film directed by Margaret Zhang. Captured in New York City, the film stars Australian model Alexandra Agoston and French-American artist Anh Duong.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All woman. Anthony Vaccarello brings Saint Laurent back to its Parisian roots with Winter 17 muse Charlotte Gainsbourg.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Tokyo dreaming. Musician Willow Smith unveils the beauty of the Japanese capital with Chanel’s Gabrielle bag.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Lily Donaldson @lilydonaldson; Camille Rowe @fingermonkey.   Think iconic in a classic Le Smoking. Make like Camille and Aymeline and turn up your off-duty style in a sleek tailored suit. Androgynous power. Try on our pick from THE KOOPLES.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I see you in the dark. Gucci presents its Spring Summer 2017 Eyewear campaign, captured by Glen Luchford.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   MIU MIU AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From No.21’s satin dreams to Miu Miu’s pastel love. AW 17 saw embellished heels shine. Glitter walk. Try on our selects from MIU MIU, MANOLO BLAHNIK, ROCHAS and GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Black suede and geometric wooden heels. Jacquemus presents Les Chaussures Saintes. JACQUEMUS shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: TRUSSARDI AW 17; MAX MARA AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Sweden.
On the runway: Has walked for Max Mara, Dolce & Gabbana, Balmain and more.
Angel eyes: Has walked the Victoria’s Secret’s annual fashion show since 2011.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I feel love. Courtney Eaton stars in the Sofia Coppola-directed short film for Panthère de Cartier.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Caroline Wood Sculpture is the art of intelligence. We explore the works of Sydney-based ceramicist, Alana Wilson, adorned with accents of gold.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   PHOTOGRAPHY Natalia Parsonson.   Let’s get away. Holiday by Emma Mulholland is the new venture from the designer’s namesake label. A fresh take on staple pieces inspired by the 90s: slogan tees, denim and paradisiacal prints to be worn on repeat.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   You really got a hold on me. The first thing you notice is her eyes – green, with flashes of hazel, the kind of gaze you couldn’t break if you tried. Long-limbed, with hair you’ve always wanted – this Perth-based model was discovered only a year ago, but she’s got a look we’ve committed to memory. Introducing our June Face – Sarsha. “My star sign is Leo … when I have something in my mind I am determined to finish it.” A girl from the beach – she finds beauty in nature. On her perfect day you might find her hiking in search of waterfalls, out on the field (“I play netball, basketball, athletics and a little bit of footy”) or getting in touch with her creative side: “I love doing art, I may not be the best at it but I still enjoy it. I love to do Aboriginal dot painting.” “Living close to the beach all my life has created a bond.” “My personal mantra is to live everyday as if it was your last. Although some days I struggle to live by this, I still try to stick to it as much as possible.” PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Sarsha Chisholm @ Vivien’s Models
HAIR & MAKEUP Isabella Schimid @ Union using Moroccanoil and Dermalogica
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Oliver Geier  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT There is magic all around you if I do say so myself. I have known this much longer than I’ve known you. Fresh-faced and steely-eyed, Charlee Fraser covers our Spiritualised issue, as captured by Charles Dennington and scored by Angela Garrick – on newsstands now.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   CHLOÉ AW 17. Gorunway.com.   A sweet adornment. Bows swept necklines at Chloé and cinched waists at Giambattista Valli for AW 17. Consider our selects from BOUTIQUE MOSCHINO, ROKSANDA, FENDI and GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Eileen W. Cho SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      This collection is a tribute to the spirit, one of endless curiosity, freedom, openness, the willingness to lose one’s self in a new experience. Designer Olivia Cummings of Cleopatra’s Bling presents the SS 17 collection, full of rich colours and new designs. For the strong woman and the avid traveller.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Island in the sun. Julia Stegner channels Ibiza in the 70s for Chloé’s exclusive collaboration with Net-A-Porter.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You’ve met them all: NY expat Georgia Fowler who showed us how to move; California woman Cami Morrone; Dilone – the Cass Bird muse from Long Island; and the girl from the beach, May’s digital covergirl Jeet Pavlovic. Our June Face hails from Perth, has a lust for the great outdoors, and a smile we just can’t forget. Get to know our new digital cover girl tomorrow on RUSSH.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Signature denim, feminine pieces and classic cuts. Alexa Chung’s new label ALEXACHUNG has launched online, making her cult style all the more accessible.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah; Alys Hale @alyshale.   From Anja to Adwoa, these off-duty models know how to add a little French flare. This season, we’re all for bringing back the beret. Try on our pick from GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      A place of possibility. Dion Lee has released ETC Volume 1 – the culmination of a longtime work in progress by the designer, in collaboration with friends and other people who inspire. Created, according to Lee, as “a platform for projects that exist outside of the seasonal cycle of fashion” the new book is a limited edition, with only 500 copies being printed.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A cat eye frame for the space age. Gold metallic, reflecting the outer. CHANEL sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   PACO RABANNE AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From silver surfers to space cowboys. For AW 17 Chanel, Mugler and more made a journey into outer space. Shop our selects from KARL LAGERFELD, HVN, A.W.A.K.E. and CHRISTOPHER KANE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   From left: PACO RABANNE AW 17; LOUIS VUITTON AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Dominican Republic.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Valentino, Louis Vuitton, Prada and more.
Playing Muse: Stars in Gucci’s Spring Summer 17 and Pre-Fall 17 campaign films.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price The cars are fast and the days are long. In a world made of precious metal, the beauty’s in the detail. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Emily Meuleman @ IMG
HAIR Anthony Nader @ Work Agency using Oribe
MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency using Ella Baché
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau Shot on location at Gregory Strange Motor Mechanic.
MIMCO available at David Jones.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life? Filmed in a castle in Paris and starring the inimitable Lindsey Wixson, Spell & The Gypsy Collective present their new collection, Lotus.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/15      One of my kind. Strateas Carlucci’s Resort 18 collection traversed the colour wheel, sending rich velvets, plaid and camo prints down the runway.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Dark romance. To celebrate the grand opening of Ellery’s flagship boutique in Paddington, Sydney, the brand unveils its Spring 17 collection starring former RUSSH cover model Harleth Kussik. Photographed in two parts – on film by Kym Ellery and digitally by Darren McDonald – the collection was shot on location during Paris Fashion Week at Ellery HQ, a Parisian Haussmann-style property on the banks of the Seine.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: VERSACE AW 17; ZADIG & VOLTAIRE AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Not simply for the street. Whether playing muse at Zadig & Voltair, supporting women’s rights at Missoni or putting love on the map as at Versace – beanies were AW 17’s ultimate statement-maker. Try our selects from GUCCI, BURBERRY RUNWAY, THRASHER and HACULLA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A special talisman. Agate stone meets Swarovski beads. No two pieces are the same. AMALEIA necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/15      Sail away with Vale Denim. The Resort 18 collection merged signature denim with nautical inspirations. New seas.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Jedd Cooney SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      Let’s get away. She Made Me’s Resort 18 Collection, Marharani, has us dreaming of heated sand and tranquil shores. Think signature crochet, muted colours and new prints.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Ruby Aldridge @rubyaldridge; Cami Morrone @camimorrone.   From castings to street to lounge. Make like the Aldridge sisters and keep it comfortable. Lounge in our hoodie select from PUMY X FENTY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      To the sea. Sydney based jeweller Pip Stent has collaborated with sister Prue Stent, and Honey Long, on a lookbook for her second collection Ursula. Delicate, asymmetrical and designed to mix and match, we never could resist those mermaid vibes.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      For women of style and substance. Creator and designer of Arnsdorf, Jade Sarita Arnott, has relaunched the brand revealing her latest collection online. With a focus on sustainable production practices, this is a wardrobe for the new age woman.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      On a picturesque morning at Bondi’s iconic Icebergs Dining Room and Bar, Ten Pieces revealed their third collection, Vertical Stripes, in collaboration with The Woolmark Company. Merino wool, signature black and white and pops of earthy colour shaped a collection made for the weekends.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: CHLOÉ AW 17; CHRISTIAN DIOR AW 17.   Nationality: Dutch.
Discovered: On Instagram.
Runway: Has walked for Christian Dior, Chanel, Valentino and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13      Sweet disposition. It was all feminine draping, subtle slogans, signature footwear and a luxurious silks for KITX’s Resort 18 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   CHLOÉ AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hit rewind. From Marc Jacobs to Coach, AW 17 saw the 70s in full force. Always making a comeback. Look the part in STELLA MCCARTNEY, CHLOÉ, GUCCI and PRADA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones British appeal. Crafted in exclusive trench leather, the DK88 is a nod to Burberry’s timeless history. BURBERRY RUNWAY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Bridgette Clarke on Fuji Instax SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      Tune in, drop out, line up, drop in. Double Rainbouu’s Resort 18 collection, Day Break Moon Club, was one for the sunseekers. Here, a backstage glimpse of the universe as designers Mikey Nolan and Toby Jones see it: “Champagne supernova, hey now don’t dream it’s over. Final fantasy, total eclipse, sun children, teenage kicks.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14      Give me the night. Fringed, beaded and sequinned with splashes of tangerine and electric blue – Sass & Bide’s Resort 18 collection was for the one who wants to dance.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   BOTTEGA VENETA AW 17. Gorunway.com.   A touch of vintage glamour. From Bottega Veneta to Gucci, AW 17 paid homage to the movie stars. Try on our pick from ALESSANDRA RICH  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14      Feels so good. Bianca Spender’s Resort 18 runway brought her signature draping to the kimono-inspired collection, rendered in muted tones and accented with architectural accessories.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   Roberta Pecoraro @ Chic
CASTING DIRECTOR Kannon Rajah PHOTOGRAPHY Eddie New ART DIRECTION Daniella Rech.   Meet Memu and Peyton, Akiima and Roberta. Casting director Kannon Rajah takes us inside his go-sees for MBFWA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Natalia Parsonson SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Your new everyday. Sydney-based online retailer Brie Leon offers a curated and thoughtful selection of staples and accessories to be treasured season after season. The store’s recently launched jewellery collection includes individual vintage-inspired earrings and necklaces that work back to your daily essentials. A new twist.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: ANTONIO BERARDI AW 17; ELIE SAAB AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: China
Worldwide status: Represented by several agencies in six different countries.
Runway: Has walked for Chloé, Jacquemus, Calvin Klein and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Born in the USA. Calvin Klein enlists artist Julian Klincewicz to direct Calvin Klein’s Spring American Classics campaign, captured on Super 8 film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Driving in my car, by myself, with the music on. That’s cruising.” Behind the scenes for Christian Dior’s Cruise 18 collection fittings.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Barely there. Lauren Hutton and Kirsten Dunst star in the Sofia Coppola-directed short film for Calvin Klein Underwear.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Gastby-style frames with green tinted lenses. They call them classics for a reason. BARTON PERREIRA sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   VICTORIA BECKHAM AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Take your cues from Acne Studios and Christian Dior. This AW 17 season knows a warm knit is a wardrobe must. Soft to touch. Warm up with our selects from GIG, BALMAIN, MOTHER OF PEARL and RAQUEL ALLEGRA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Seasons change. Strathberry explores the beauty of the Scottish landscape for AW 17, celebrating lux leather and new textures in rich colours mirrored by the countryside.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Talk the walk. Saint Laurent’s black Opyum heels are nothing short of iconic. SAINT LAURENT shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Bella Hadid @bellahadid; Romee Strijd @romeestrijd.   Reimagine your denim staples. Make like Bella and Zippora and keep those weekend blues embroidered with bright florals and keepsakes from the road. Try on our picks from GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   VALENTINO AW 17. Gorunway.com.   No need to bring a scarf. This season designers like Valentino and Giambattista Valli are raising their collars to keep warm. Try on our high-necked selects from J.W.ANDERSON, ISABEL MARANT ÉTOILE, CO and SACAI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      An archival design, reimagined in the form of the new Tiffany HardWear collection. Featured on muse Frederikke Sofie and captured by Daniel Jackson, the collection celebrates the power of femininity and the energy of Tiffany & Co.’s native New York.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   PHOTOGRAPHY Kelly Geddes; FASHION Natalie Petrevski.   Pieces of you. A journey through decades for Furla’s 90th anniversary.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13      With the Art Gallery of New South Wales as backdrop, Aje’s Resort 18 collection, Awelye, featured feminine silhouettes in fabrics inspired by Australian indigenous artist Minnie Pwerle. Like a dream.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   From left: ACNE STUDIOS AW 17; SONIA RYKIEL AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Roots: British-Moroccan.
Playing muse: A favourite of Jonathan Anderson.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Prada, Acne Studios, Fendi and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Keeping time. Chanel’s latest Boyfriend watch blurs the distinction between masculine and feminine style with a new tweed design.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Gentlemen’s clubs, Mick and Bianca Jagger, whiskey and card games have inspired Bally’s AW 17 collection, a colour riot of plaid, suede and eveningwear.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: OSCAR DE LA RENTA AW 17; ALEXANDER WANG AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Be detail orientated. From sequins to studs, AW 17 added a flare of embellishment to the kind of handbags we could never let go. Consider our selects from DOLCE & GABBANA, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN, LANVIN, FENDI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dial up. Louis Vuitton presents its collection of iPhone cases, reminiscent of the house’s iconic luggage designs, filmed by Bruce Weber.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Your new Spring Summer statement. Gucci propels good vibes with its rainbow crystal palm cuff. For the dreamers. GUCCI ring  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Wide open spaces. Jeet Pavlovic stars in the campaign for Aje’s Resort 18 collection, Awelye, an homage to the works of renowned Indigenous Australian artist Minnie Pwerle.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Not just for the boys. Missoni introduces a Menswear collection that’s begging to be borrowed.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Montana Cox @montanacox1; Caroline Brasch @caroline_brasch. 
  Give striped pants a chance like Anja or go Breton à la Montana. We’ll never tire of walking the line. Try on our pick from ADEAM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Vaccarello’s girls return for Part Two of #YSL04, directed by Nathalie Canguilhem. Take on me.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   PHOTOGRAPHY Rebecca Zephyr Thomas.   Inspired by the traditions of East London’s ‘Pearly Kingdom’, Deadly Ponies presents Pearlies AW 17. The campaign, shot in iconic East End locations, features classic Deadly Ponies designs and mother-of-pearl embellishments, along with Peckham’s Pearly King and Queen. New explorations.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   MULBERRY AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Think curtains and couch covers. From the likes of Balenciaga and Emilia Wickstead, AW 17 saw vintage-inspired florals in full bloom. Consider our selects from KENZO, ASHISH, NO.21 and DOLCE & GABBANA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT We’ll run far away, and make a great escape. Nice Martin reminds us there’s beauty in the cooler months for Winter 17, with a trip across fields of green shot by videographer Kai Neville.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   CHLOÉ AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Netherlands
Off-duty: Has a passion for motocross.
On the runway: Has walked for Alexander Wang, Stella McCartney, Louis Vuitton and Chanel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      Inspired by Japanese photographer and artist Nobuyoshi Araki’s erotic work, Strateas Carlucci’s FW 17 collection alludes to fetishism, gender fluidity and disruption in a result that’s both wearable and desirable. Hook, line and sinker.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Kate Grigorieva @_kate_g_; Elsa Hosk @hoskelsa. 
  Join the club. From hoodies to corduroy and bomber jackets. Follow the lead of Pyper and Josephine and warm up in pink. Try on our pick from VALENTINO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The girl from the beach, with those green eyes and a name inspired by kung fu. We spent a sun drenched afternoon with our newest Face, Jeet Pavlovic. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A RUSSH girl from the beginning, with those bee-stung lips and sun-speckled cheeks she’s been impossible for us to forget. She’s called Bondi beach home her whole life and, though she’s only been modelling for 18 months, she’s caught the eye of fashion’s elite. An “unconventional” Virgo, foodie and lover of all things denim and vintage; introducing our April Face – Jeet. 
“My parents named me before I was born thinking I was a boy, calling me Jeet after Bruce Lee’s kung fu style, Jeet Kune Do.”
 Alex Cameron’s She’s Mine is sure to get her dancing, and her perfect day would be close to the ocean – friends close by and picnic at hand. She lives by the mantra that “if it’s not OK, it’s not the end” and finds inspiration in those she holds closest. “My entire family have all excelled within the creative industry so growing up in an environment of art has allowed me to see modelling as a creative outlet. I really look up to my dad. We are exactly the same … He is also the only person who thinks I’m funny.” 
“I’m a Virgo – they say Virgos are tidy but I’m probably the messiest person you’ll ever meet.”
 
“My biggest life lesson is ‘it hasn’t happened until it has happened’. Things will come to you eventually and for a reason.”
 PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Jeet Pavlovic @ Priscillas
HAIR Renya Xydis @ Talentland using Wella Pro and Cloud 9
MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Title Artist Management using Chanel
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Connor Langford
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Natalie Petrevski  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   MIU MIU AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From Miu Miu to Prada to Marc Jacobs, models donned coloured, retro and textured headwear for AW 17. Back to the future. Try our selects from GUCCI, MOSCHINO and BALLY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT In the languid light of the afternoon, the day might last forever. A glimpse behind the scenes with RUSSH for Bianca Spender AW 17.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck You’ve met Marc Jacobs muse Dilone, Victoria’s Secret model Georgia Fowler and Californian girl Cami Morrone. Our next Face is a born-and-raised Bondi beauty from a family of creatives, has a name you won’t easily forget and has amassed a cult following since she entered the modelling world after graduating high school just 18 months ago. So who’s our digital cover girl for April? Visit RUSSH.com tomorrow to find out.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Silver curves to catch the light. Let these earrings be your new sculptural go-tos. SARA ROBERTSSON earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   JEREMY SCOTT AW 17. Gorunway.com.   It’s time to reconsider fishnets. From Gucci’s glitter to Dolce & Gabbana’s classic black, AW 17 saw designers add quirk to their strides. Shop our selects from LEVANTE, VOODOO, WOLFORD and JONATHAN ASTON.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   PHOTOGRAPHY Cara O’Dowd; MODEL Ella Hope @ Priscillas; HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency.   Down to earth. Celeste Tesoriero reconnects with country and land through dreamy Australian-made Merino wool knits, ready for winter in the Southern Hemisphere.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Inspired by a unisex design from 1971, the Tiffany HardWear collection adapts to any mood – and this wrap bracelet is no exception. TIFFANY & CO. bracelet  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: CHRISTIAN DIOR AW 17; CHANEL AW 17. Gorunway.com.    The signature: She’s got those long spiralling curls we can’t get enough of.
Hails from: Poland.
Runway: Has walked for Proenza Schouler, Valentino, Christian Dior and many more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Just dance. Glen Luchford returns to capture Gucci’s rhythm-laden Pre-Fall film campaign, shot at London’s Mildmay dancehall.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “The most beautiful creatures that exist on the planet.” Tim Blanks and Claudia Schiffer take us back to Valentino’s AW 1994 runway collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      A modern-day romance. Taking inspiration from antique luggage and treasure chests, Alexander McQueen’s newest interpretation on the box bag has us mesmerised.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Intergalactic you and me. These precious constellations have us feeling starry-eyed. OLE LYNGGAARD rings left and right  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Diesel is committed to unity and love, and wants the world to know. The brand’s AW 17 film campaign, the Dave LaChapelle-directed #MAKELOVENOTWALLS, challenges viewers to tear down walls that divide. The campaign also features a live art installation – an inflatable rainbow-coloured tank as a reimagined emblem of hope – that will be on display at Emporium Melbourne ’til April 23.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The faces and fittings behind Maria Grazia Chiuri’s 2017 Haute Couture collection for Christian Dior, presented in Tokyo.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I think the best time is always now.” Calvin Klein’s 2017 timepiece and jewellery campaign asks its model muses to describe the times of their lives.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   MARCO DE VINCENZO AW 17. Gorunway.com.   The glitter boots were made for walking at Chanel and Saint Laurent. Forget low key: it’s high time to step into the light. Consider our selects from RIVER ISLAND, MAISON MARGIELA, JIMMY CHOO and JOSEPH.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   ERDEM AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From Antonio Marras to Alexander McQueen. Coloured, artistic and floral embroidery was the fine point of AW 17. Consider our embroidered selects from NEEDLE & THREAD, TEMPERLEY LONDON, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN and MSGM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Gisele Bündchen @gisele; Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah.   Not just for nights. Make like Barbara and Zippora and let your light shine in a sequin ensemble that guarantees a good time. Try on our pick from ATTICO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   Sara Sampaio @sarasampaio.    Denim, mesh and summer skin. From Jourdan Dunn to Poppy Delevingne, our model muses dressed for good times only on Coachella’s first weekend. Embrace a hemline made for dancing in our select from TOPSHOP UNIQUE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/15      “In specialising in shirts,” Aude Casteja of Parisian label Monographie explains, “I’m able to concentrate on the smallest details, work on the design of a collar until it fits perfectly and refine complex shapes.” The shirting brand’s second collection, inspired by artist Agnes Martin, takes the basic button-down and reworks it into new iterations, both architectural and feminine in their design. Endlessly essential.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A rose is a rose. Your backstage glimpse of Tom Ford’s SS 17 campaign shoot.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones With white leather and a mirrored heel, Proenza Schouler put their best sandal forward. PROENZA SCHOULER shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A world consumed by mirrors and nightmares, ‘Voss’ is a hauntingly beautiful show characteristic of McQueen. Led by young Kate Moss, what more could you ask for?  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: VALENTINO AW 17; VIONNET AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Roots: German-American.
On the runway: Has walked for the likes of Gucci, Acne Studios, Erdem and Valentino.
The finale: Made an impact closing Alexander McQueen AW 17.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   CHLOÉ AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Sports luxe meets loungewear to be worn anywhere. Chloé and Stella McCartney took tracksuit pants to the next level for AW 17 with geometric patterns and parachute shapes. Consider our selects from FENDI, VETEMENTS, MM6 MAISON MARGIELA and ADIDAS ORIGINALS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce From Oliver Peoples’ Lennon nostalgia to Reliquia’s green dream. This season, the shades we really want to hide behind are the tinted kind. “Add a shade of honey to the way you see the world.”
– Ellen Presbury, Fashion & Beauty Co-ordinator “Bring retro flare to your wardrobe with round-frame sunglasses. A bright pop of colour makes for a statement.”
– Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Maia Toakley @ Priscillas
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using M.A.C
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Sophie Bashford  LE SPECS sunglasses
  OLIVER PEOPLES sunglasses  MIU MIU sunglasses  RELIQUIA sunglasses  DOLCE & GABBANA sunglasses
  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A geometric statement. Bold earrings are our new can’t-live-withouts. PANDORA earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      When worlds collide. Coach’s creative director, Stuart Vevers, and Rodarte’s Kate and Laura Mulleavy have collaborated to create a limited edition capsule collection. A modern romance.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones The Gucci bee makes its return on an embroidered watch face with a yellow gold case. The sweetest thing. GUCCI watch  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Meet the masters. Louis Vuitton collaborates with NY-based artist Jeff Koons for its latest collection of bags and accessories, launching April 28.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Hirschy Grace @hirschygrace; Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit.
 
  Beyond the boyfriend T-shirt. From Lily to Hirschy, these off-duty muses know to take it easy in paired pyjamas and satin slips. Snooze time. Try on our selects from MASINI & CHERN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Warm hearts, bright future. Embrace new season structure and experimental layers in Eastland AW 17. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Linnea @ GIANT Management
HAIR Lucy Cardoza using Mr. Smith
MAKEUP Jamie Richardson using M.A.C
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Nadeemy Betros ALL CLOTHING, SHOES AND ACCESSORIES FROM EASTLAND. SHOT ON LOCATION LIVE AT EASTLAND.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Jess Blanch    PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck “I say never be complete, I say stop being perfect, I say let’s evolve, let the chips fall where they may … It’s only after we’ve lost everything that we’re free to do anything.” – Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club There is no doubt this is an era of phenomenal creativity and social change. Freedom today means no fear of innovation and zero interest in doing things the way they have been done before. In keeping, this issue is covered by a male model – not to make a statement on gender neutrality, although it can if you like – but because he represents the face of a generation. You could call it the ‘here and now’ generation. A generation that is simply not afraid: that lives truly, deeply in the moment. A serotonin seeking, rule-breaking, indiscreet coterie of revolutionary thinkers and disrupters who are in bold pursuit of knowledge and instant gratification, in equal doses. But just as this generation is irreverent, it is honest. What does Jordan Barrett believe in? “Karma and money.” And his imagination? “Too much for you to handle …” You see this new guard does not seek your approval. This is a community that is fearless in our demand for diversity and acceptance. We’re fierce in our beliefs. We are DIY, learning by doing, action takers with an insane appetite for vicissitude and excitement. We want to build walls to ride, not divide. To protest; physically and with hashtags, and we are mobilised, most of all, by our desire for education and change. We’re not afraid of the future because in our minds we are already in the future. And how did we become so intrepid? Don’t forget Fight Club was our ‘classic’. “No fear. No distractions. The ability to let that which does not matter truly slide.” Just like Tyler Durden predicted we could be. The No Fear issue, available for purchase here.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   VALENTINO AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From Max Mara’s monochrome tailoring to Koche’s sport-street vibes, the AW 17 runways saw plush velvet suits and tracksuits leading the charge. Feels so good. Consider our selects from RAEY, FRAME, BIANCA SPENDER and BIANCA SPENDER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I love to change. It makes me feel alive.” Lady Gaga fronts Tiffany & Co.’s HardWear collection campaign with a tribute to New York City. Bold, fresh and spontaneous: it’s a true alliance.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      In collaboration with designer Linden Cook, Viktoria & Woods have created a capsule jewellery line to coincide with their Honour 17 collection. V&W x LC highlights beauty in simplicity with textured finishes and sculptural shapes. A new wave.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “[Directing] is something I’ve been wanting to do since the start of my career.”
Chloë Sevigny lets us in on her path to becoming a director in our No Fear issue, on newsstands now. Here we go behind the scenes on the set of her short film Carmen, one of Miu Miu’s Women’s Tales.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: MARNI AW 17; LOEWE AW 17. Gorunway.com.   The girl from: Alabama, U.S.A.
Runway: Has opened shows for Chanel, Alexander Wang and Fendi.
Scouted: When she was eight years old, later discovered on Instagram.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Business up front, party on the side. Swarovski crystals add a burst of colour to the ultimate in classic cat eye frames. DOLCE & GABBANA sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  BALLY jacket; TIBI pants from East43; models own earrings (worn throughout). Tomorrow can wait. With rich textured leather and sophisticated hardware – in Deadly Ponies AW 17, she takes the time to play. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Hannah @ Work Agency
HAIR & MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency using Ella Bache
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau  DEADLY PONIES bag  DEADLY PONIES bag  DEADLY PONIES bag  DEADLY PONIES bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   MICHAEL KORS AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From beige to brown to camel. AW 17 came down to earth with a lesson in tonal dressing. Mix and match our selects from JITROIS, RAG & BONE, RAEY and LOUP CHARMANT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Travel light. Crafted from black French nubuck with wrapped tan leather handles, the Mini Birch tote is for essentials only. SIMON MILLER bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Inspired by Romance Was Born’s Queen of the Night collection, and dancer and artist Marta Becket, director Rachael Pony Cassells and a group of friends (Natasha Khan of Bat For Lashes, Jenna McClintock and Devika Wickremesinghe) ventured into the Mojave desert for her latest film Tecopa. The films score is The Quiet at Night by Mary Lattimore, with makeup by Kara Yoshimotobua.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Ashley Moore @ashley_moore_; Maya Stepper @mayastepper.
   In subtle silver or reminiscent of stained glass. Make like Bambi and Ashley and bear your cross on your ear. Consider our picks from RELIQUIA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dark is the night. With a sleek, enamelled exterior and covert lipstick case holder, Valentino’s Loveblade cross-body bag is your only after dark essential.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   BLUGIRL AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From Christian Dior’s navy dream to No.21’s subtle embroidery – AW 17 kept cool with sheer overlay dresses. I see you. Try our selects from OPENING CEREMONY, COMME DES GARÇONS VINTAGE, PETAR PETROV and SELF PORTRAIT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Made in Italy. Tod’s Spring Summer 2017 collection is an ode to European luxury.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: LOEWE AW 17; ISABEL MARANT AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Oakville, Ontario, Canada.
Exclusive: For Proenza Schouler’s SS 17 show.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Chanel, Christian Dior and Alexander McQueen.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Seasons change. The Strand presents AW 17 with its first interactive fashion video campaign featuring musician Sloan Peterson, accompanied by Australian Ballet School and Sydney Dance Company alumni dancers. View the interactive clip here from April 3.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Bold statement meets delicate touch in Nicole Trunfio’s latest collection for her jewellery line, Erth. Think minimalist shapes and fine chain details rendered in precious metals, with black accents to take you into the night.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   PUBLIC SCHOOL AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From Stella McCartney to Sportmax, AW 17 saw sports jackets take on the runway. Brave the elements. Consider our picks from BALENCIAGA, VERSACE, IVY PARK and STELLA MCCARTNEY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   PHOTOGRAPHY Lulu Bishop.   Come together. In collaboration with Working Class Secret Services, Diesel have developed the We Are Equal project – a series of snapshots captured by eight photographers exploring themes of unity, love and equality through their own unique lens. The project aims to break down social barriers and celebrate a bright future in the hands of today’s youth.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Get acquainted with the colour of the season. From nude tones to dusty rose, these are the hues not to be afraid of. Colour me pink. 
“The new neutral. If icing-pink isn’t your thing, nude makes for a softly feminine alternative to black or white.”
– Andréa Tchacos, Features Editor
 “Balance out your pink. Pair two shades together for contrast and complete your look.” – Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Maia Toakley @ Priscillas
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using M.A.C
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Sophie Bashford  GINGER & SMART dress
  AMERICAN VINTAGE jumper  GINGER & SMART skirt  EQUIPMENT shirt  GUCCI shirt  JACQUEMUS top from my Chameleon  SANDRO top  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT One of the girls. Starring Sigrid Bouaziz, and directed by Rebecca Zlotowski, Fendi’s Marie Antoinette-inspired short film takes us on a night out in Paris.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Gangs of New York. Rag & Bone have opened their first Australian boutique in Melbourne’s The Strand. The brand’s unique industrial aesthetic finds itself reimagined for the Elizabeth Street space through concrete floors, brass shelving and high, exposed ceilings and offers women’s accessory and ready to wear collections. Welcome to the neighbourhood.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  BIANCA SPENDER tops; ELLE MACPHERSON BODY shorts; LUCY FOLK socks; TIFFANY & CO. earring and ring. The spaces between. Moments in waiting as the sun casts its shadows across her mood. In Bianca Spender AW 17 she escapes to her own kind of Wander Land. Shop the Bianca Spender RUSSH Edit.
All clothes available at David Jones. PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODEL Emmy Rappe @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Title Artist Management using Chanel
DIGITAL OPERATOR Oli Geier
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Oliver Black
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Ellen Presbury  BIANCA SPENDER dress  BIANCA SPENDER dress  BIANCA SPENDER dress  BIANCA SPENDER dress  BIANCA SPENDER top  BIANCA SPENDER jacket  BIANCA SPENDER coat  BIANCA SPENDER top  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Just a little crush. Chanel presents Coco Crush, a collection of fine jewellery imagined in white, yellow or beige gold, with diamonds if you choose. Wear in unison or adorn with just one. It’s personal.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Seven wonders. With a penchant for hand-made architectural design, the kind to be passed down for years to come, Melbourne-based jewellery label By NYE journeyed to Berlin to capture model Kelsey Martinovich in their AW 17 Urban Mythology collection. Born to run.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   SIMONE ROCHA AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From Christian Dior’s working woman to Coach’s vagabond girl, the crossbody bag was a statement feature for AW 17. Try our selects from SAINT LAURENT, PB 0110, SAVAS and MIU MIU.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Ten years of timeless style – Swedish brand COS celebrates a decade of art-inspired design and refined tailoring.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Translated from French to mean ‘asset’, designer Tessa Brasier’s Atout Studios is aptly named. For its AW 17 collection, Braiser kept to a mostly monochromatic colour palette in luxurious linens, silks and cottons, achieving an elevated minimalism that’s anything but basic. Modern love.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Lily Aldridge @lilyaldridge; Mateja Buila @fuckingnowheretown.   Rebel rebel. When denim just won’t do – make like Adwoa and Alexa and put your best leg forward in leather pants. Try on our pick from THE ROW.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow  SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      From Kasey/Devlin’s soft draping to those House of Riot slogan tees – photographer Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow captured the backstage scenes at RUSSH’s 2017 VAMFF Premium Runway.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: JASON WU AW 17; MICHAEL KORS AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Born: Belvidere, Illinois, United States.
Model muse: Boling opened Alexander Wang’s 10-year anniversary show.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Prada, Saint Laurent and Loewe.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Best foot forward. Supple leathers with metallic accents – Sandro presents its SS 17 accessories collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Vintage symbols of effortless cool – Levi’s coveted Orange Tab originals have been our go-to denim staples since the 60s. Pulling logos, prints and designs straight from their archives, the new H1 2017 Orange Tab collection reimagines those signature looks with updated fabrics and styles. Born again icons.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Retro florals, crotched bikinis and high-waisted silhouettes – welcome to Stella McCartney’s eternal summer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones The new iconic. Inspired by the woven leg of a Parisian cafe seat, Balenciaga’s open-toed mule with red accents offers a fresh take on the classics. BALENCIAGA shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   PACO RABANNE AW 17. Gorunway.com.   That 90s appeal. Whether a sparkle effect at Dolce & Gabbana or soft draping at Paco Rabanne, AW 17 saw a new wave of the silver dress. Move over LBD. Try our selects from FLEUR DU MAL, PACO RABANNE, SILK LAUNDRY and DIANE VON FURSTENBERG.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Fresh from Maria Grazia Chiuri’s SS 17 collection come the Dio(r)evolution sunglasses, modelled by muse Ruth Bell. We’ve got you in our sights.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Emily Ratajkowski @emrata; Lily Aldridge @lilyaldridge.   The final touch. Poised to become your new go-to accessory, make like Adwoa and Emily and add statement earrings to your next ensemble. Try on our pick from SOPHIE BUHAI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Let’s see each other. One day is enough. Nostalgic footage in muted tones, like an old film you want to play over and over again. Sandro’s SS 17 campaign captures the fleeting romance of summer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones From the limited edition launch collection. Dion Lee sees the future with his new frames. DION LEE sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Always on time. The latest collaboration from Gucci – That Feel When, or #TFWGucci – invites meme makers from around the world to harness their humour and creativity on the brand’s timepieces. From NYC to Qatar, Gucci has created a digital space for creators world-wide, culminating in a presentation at international watch and jewellery fair, Baselworld, from March 23 in Basel, Switzerland.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Darkness and light. Anthony Vaccarello’s AW 17 collection, directed here by Nathalie Canguilhem and sountracked by Sebastian, explores the tensions and dualities that shape the modern woman.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   ELLERY AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From Ellery’s statement dresses to Emilio Pucci’s matching suits. SS 17 saw a rise of the psychedelic print. Colour me happy. Try our selects from PRADA, MIU MIU, EMILIO PUCCI and SUB.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: JILL SCOTT AW 17; FENDI AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Family footsteps: She’s the daughter of legendary model Katoucha Niane and designer Nigel Curtiss.
On the runway: Has walked for Versace, Miu Miu, Bottega Veneta, Off-White and so many more.
Off-duty: Curtiss makes music, working as a producer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Right back where we started from. Directed by Geoff O’Conner and selected as a finalist for VAMFF’s Fashion Film Series, Kuwaii presents The Making Of, a celebration of the design and craftsmanship that goes into each pair of shoes they create.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Lonely lingerie knows every body is beautiful, regardless of age. And with their AW 17 campaign, fronted by 56-year-old model Mercy Brewer, they spread the word. Ain’t nothing but a number.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A luxe take on minimalism rendered in diamonds and 18k gold. Why choose just one? PIAGET bangle in white and rose gold.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   STELLA MCCARTNEY AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Double or nothing. From Erdem to Simone Rocha, the AW 17 runways saw dresses double-layered for the cooler months. Make it two for one in our selects from R13, RED VALENTINO, SIMONE ROCHA and BOUTIQUE MOSCHINO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      You’re one of my kind. Pared-back basics perfect for trans-seasonal dressing – Paris Georgia Basics’s SS 17 collection is that little bit of 90s minimalism every wardrobe needs. Here, we take an exclusive look at their Spring Summer 17 offering.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Sara Sampaio @sarasampaio; Gilda Ambrosio @gildaambrosio.
   Monday’s girl like Joan Smalls or Saturday’s woman like Sara Sampaio? Our model muses can’t get enough of Alberta Ferretti’s see-now, buy-now collection of rainbow week sweaters, direct from the AW 17 runway. Boost your mood with your favourite day.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Glen Luchford returns to Rome for Gucci’s SS 17 campaign, starring the GG backpack: resplendent in bright appliqués reminiscent of vintage luggage stickers. Take me with you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Who is Gabrielle? Directed by Australian filmmaker Daniel Askill, Kristen Stewart stars in one of the four trailers for Chanel’s new campaign film – each dedicated to the spirit of Gabrielle Chanel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I’m the queen of the dark side, he’s the king of the fools. In its latest lustful film campaign Cartier asks, how far would you go for love?  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Inspired by the works of American conceptual artists Fred Sandback and Sol LeWitt, Sarah & Sebastian return with their latest collection, Sol, an exploration of geometric shapes and minimal yet intricate designs.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   Form left: CHLOÉ AW 17; MIU MIU AW 17. Gorunway.com.   From Christian Dior’s red carpet-ready gowns to Elie Saab’s lace and ostrich feathers, a new wave of blue hit the runway for AW 17. Go deep in pieces from MARCHESA NOTTE, VALENTINO, ALICE + OLIVIA and MICHAEL MICHAEL KORS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Vanni Bassetti SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      A collage of prints, materials and silhouettes for Loewe AW 17. Not to mention accessories galore – including bags and hats with sliced bread motifs.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones You can call me any day or night. In line with the fashion house’s origins as a trunk designer, Louis Vuitton creates the ultimate travelling phone case. LOUIS VUITTON iPhone case  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   From left: MARGARET HOWELL AW 17; LANVIN AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Russia.
Runway: Opened the Gucci show for Alessandro Michele’s debut.
Sister act: Has an identical twin sister, Odette.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Whether heading back to the future with Marty McFly or on The Breakfast Club’s favourite ‘basket case’: Chuck Taylors have adorned iconic film characters for years. Here, Stranger Things’ Millie Bobby Brown explores what makes the high-top cinema’s sneaker of choice.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “What is the difference between an acquaintance and a connection?” Margaret Zhang presents her latest film, I’ll Have What She’s Having, starring models Georgia Graham and Irene Kim in Chanel SS 17.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A cat-eye shape inspired by vintage love. Complete the look with Lucy Folk’s gold-plated chain and shine on. LUCY FOLK sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Revisiting decades and a trip to space. The journey went far and wide for Paris Fashion Week AW 17. Art house. ACNE STUDIOS
It was accessories that stole the show at Acne Studios AW 17. Statement clay earrings, lace shoes and oversized bags. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN
Black leather coats and dresses, belted waists and fiery pops of red for Alexander McQueen AW 17. BALMAIN
Eyes were swept with black and accented with gold, while hair was pulled into a ponytail with tight braids. Grunge meets glamour. CÉLINE
It was all about loose, structured styles for Céline AW 17. The new workwear. CHANEL
I’m a rocket man. A journey into outer space for Chanel AW 17, complete with silver space boots. Models donned Barbarella-esque hair with silver cat eyes and pink lips. Golden years. CHLOÉ
An exercise in 60s escapism. Clare Waight Keller left her mark in her final show at Chloé. CHRISTIAN DIOR
Parisian girls do it better. Denim infusions, flowing tulle and a dark tonal colour palette. The look was completed with models in black leather berets, soft waves and natural skin. DRIES VAN NOTEN
Dries Van Noten’s 100th show was all about nostalgia. Models who’ve walked his shows from the 90s to now took to the runway in a back catalogue of bold prints, metallics and colour. ELLERY
Hourglass silhouettes, psychedelic prints and unexpected splashes of colour. HAIDER ACKERMANN
Hair was asymmetrically cropped across a face of almost non-existent makeup. Clean, constructed and with attitude. It’s cold outside. HERMÈS
Leather jackets, knits, turtlenecks, tailored pants and pleated skirts made for luxe winter layering at Hermès AW 17. ISABEL MARANT
Brows were feathered and hair left loose. Sincere and fresh. JACQUEMUS
The Jacquemus silhouette reigns strong. Structured and fluid tailoring for the Parisian romantic. LANVIN
Romantically simple. Eyes were coated in functional peachy tones and framed by full lashes. LOEWE
A mix and match of materials, patterns and silhouettes creating an artfully collaged runway for Loewe AW 17. Luxe appeal. LOUIS VUITTON
Sleek leather, short evening dresses and the recurring Louis Vuitton boot. Just add lush, tousled waves and strong brows for ultra-wearable luxury. MAISON MARGIELA
From barely-there makeup to eyes pulsating with colour, models embodied the ultimate rendition of a blank canvas. MIU MIU
Eccentric 70s prints, playful accessories and new colours introduced with each look for Miu Miu AW 17. OFF-WHITE
Houndstooth, reworked denim, lace and silk. Feeling fresh. ROCHAS
Going back to the 40s and 50s for Rochas AW 17. Vintage women. SACAI
An array of outerwear and prints that included puffer, tweed and denim jackets, tailored coats and tartan layering. Catch the light. SAINT LAURENT
Black leather, delicate lace and ruched boots for Saint Laurent AW 17. But it was the girls who sparkled that stole the show. STELLA MCCARTNEY
Layering lace, camel jumpsuits, quilted jackets and smattering of high-end sportswear. VALENTINO
A darker romance for Valentino’s AW 17 woman.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “When it comes to trainers I don’t play games.” From the runway to the streets – model Winnie Harlow, hip-hop outfit Last Night In Paris and Colette founder Sarah Andelman shed light on what makes Converse’s Chuck Taylors their forever staple.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Your go-to denim needn’t always be jeans. Choose Ellery’s A-line lengths or J Brand’s vintage vibe: a denim skirt is the new essential. 
“Create length in a maxi skirt with a high waist. New tricks to elongate your shape.” – Ellen Presbury, Fashion & Beauty Co-ordinator
 
“Create a little 90s nostalgia. Pair a cropped denim skirt with a ribbed t-shirt and belt. It’s that vintage appeal.” – Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Britt Odell @ Priscillas
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using Shu Uemura
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Carly Zinga  J BRAND skirt  HOLLY RYAN ring  R.M.WILLIAMS belt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Nicolas Klutter SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Psychedelic prints, architectural turtlenecks and hourglass-shaped leather. If AW 17 is anything to go by, Ellery has settled right in to its new Parisian home.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      I’ll follow you. Merlette’s second collection, Evolutionary Path, is a poetic exploration of lines and light. A voluminous meeting of feminine and masculine, there’s romance to be found in these Moroccan-inspired blues.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Direct from the SS 17 runway. These quilted beige flats have that vintage Chanel appeal we could never get enough of. CHANEL shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      New shape sunglasses, clay-crafted earrings and bags trailing charms. At Acne Studios AW 17, the devil was in the details.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Shot by David Sims and starring Liya Kebede, Ratner and Christy Turlington, Valentino’s SS 17 campaign celebrates women with compelling depth and realism. Sheer fabrics and a pastel palette blur in a portrait of suspended movement.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Alena Blohm @alenablohm; Frederikke Sofie @frederikkesofie.
   If you’ve got them, flaunt them. From Frederikke Sofie to Alexa Chung, these off-duty models have mastered that air of cool intelligence in the spectacles we can’t get enough of. Try on our picks from BAILEY NELSON.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: HOUSE OF HOLLAND AW 17; VIONNET AW 17. Gorunway.com.   Age: 21.
Hometown: Raleigh, North Carolina.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Valentino, http://onhealthy.net Yeezy, Saint Laurent and Christian Dior.
Off-duty: Is classically trained in ballet.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “The word fashion I don’t like … I would like to find something more timeless.” Iconic and notoriously private Belgian designer Dries Van Noten opens the doors to filmmakers in the forthcoming documentary, Dries.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Now and then. Photographer Petra Collins goes behind the lens and captures her family in Budapest for Gucci’s Spring Summer 2017 Eyewear campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Candy-hued and fancy free – Arizona Muse stars in Chanel’s Spring Summer 17 campaign film. Sweet disposition.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Finding beauty in imperfection, Holly Ryan returns with her AW 17 jewellery collection. Statement meets wearability on a journey of art, architecture and the natural world.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Hit your stride. Directed by Kloss Films for RUSSH on the streets of NY – let your Converse lead the way. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Following on from their success of the Academy Awards, the cast of Moonlight feature in Calvin Klein Men’s latest underwear campaign. Actors Mahershala Ali, Alex Hibbert, Trevante Rhodes and Ashton Sanders are captured in a series of portraits by Willy Vanderperre. It’s iconic.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Victoria Germyn @victoriagermyn; Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit.   From vacation days to Sunday picnics, Bambi and Elsa know that nothing says off-duty like a tie-front top. Try on our pick from RÉALISATION PAR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com Fantasy, empowerment and clothes built for living la dolce vita. Milan’s woman moved with confidence for AW 17. Shaped up. BOTTEGA VENETA
From structured shoulders to waists cinched with classic belts: 1940s grace met contemporary style. DIESEL BLACK GOLD
Dark colours meet intricate layers for a collection suited to the cooler months. DOLCE & GABBANA
Mothers and daughters, children and husbands walked the runway for Dolce & Gabbana AW 17. Celebrating fashion and families. EMILIO PUCCI
Lashes were laden with heavy mascara in multiple shades. Our favourite? Fresh white. Go graphic. EMPORIO ARMANI
Emporio Armani’s AW 17 runway exuded easy lines, lengthy skirts and floral notes, underscored by the label’s trademark black and white colour scheme. FENDI
Thigh-high boots and pared-back pieces. Double breasted coats, pleated skirts and tailored pants. GIORGIO ARMANI
In the shadows. Messy and heavy grey-toned shadow surrounded the eyes at Giorgio Armani, offset by the slightest touch of pink on lips. GUCCI
Sequins, turbans, plants and animal motifs. Gucci AW 17 presented an eccentric new chapter in Alessandro Michele’s enchanted narrative. No time to waste. JIL SANDER
Barely there. Makeup was minimal to non-existent and hair was kept long, brushed and free. MARNI
More-is-more prints, floral-drenched dresses and patent leather boots. A 70s recall. MAX MARA
Tonal outfits in a rich colour selection. All tied together with tailored coats, velvet pants and ribbed turtlenecks. MISSONI
A women’s march, Milan Fashion Week style. Angela Missoni made the most of the house’s signature knits with pink ‘pussy hats’ and a colourful tribute to the Missoni archives, with Patti Smith playing loud. MOSCHINO
While the clothes were of the now the beauty was fully fledged 60s glamour. Heavy liner, white eyeshadow and a quiffed crown. City living. NO. 21
Baby blues and red. Herringbone and embellishment. Italy goes to New York and back for No. 21 AW 17. PRADA
A clash of colours, textures and prints worked together as one at Prada. PHILOSOPHY DI LORENZO SERAFINI
Glamour cats. Winged eyes and pink lips. Let’s go out tonight. TOD’S
Black leather, brown leather, velvet pieces and more. Refined sophistication for Tod’s AW 17. Say what you feel. VERSACE
Loyalty and love. Tailored pants and jackets, the little black dress and bold messages of equality and courage for AW 17. SPORTMAX
A monochromatic colour scheme, structured silhouettes and athletic mood for Sportsmax’s AW 17 woman. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO
Shades of brown. Taupe tones created definition on the face with hair swept back and kept long for a sleek, dramatic look.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Fendi presents its Rainbow Eyewear collection, featuring cosmic designs and rose, azure and violet-coloured lenses. For the girl with kaleidoscope eyes.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A fresh take on the classic shoulder bag. Hand woven, with a shape that recalls the 70s. One for the wanderers. WORN STORE The Ornate Box Shoulder bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck Time to explore. In a streetwise mix of sportswear, feminine touches and statement knits – and the Converse she could never leave behind – she takes her stride in New York City. Style Note —
Not just for the gym. Style your Converse track pants and shoes with a statement top and accessories to take on the world out there. Style note —
Pair a vintage dress with denim and Converse to give edge to an otherwise feminine look. Style note —
Pair a tonal trench with a statement tee for a fresh take on classic. PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck
FASHION Melissa Levy
MODEL Sara Cummings @ Soul
HAIR Joey George @ Streeters using Oribe
MAKEUP Stoj @ Streeters using Smith & Cult
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Keith Macdonald
STYLIST’S ASSISTANTS Raymond Gee and Alexa Levine WATCH THE FILM  CONVERSE Chuck Modern  CONVERSE Chuck Taylor All Star  CONVERSE Chuck 70  CONVERSE Chuck II  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT It’s all in the family. Westfield presents its One Generation, One Family, One Westfield campaign, featuring sisters Miranda and Elektra Kilbey of Say Lou Lou; artist Kitty Callaghan and her brothers, musicians Monty, Sam and Cal; and artists and partners Vicki Lee and Ted O’Donnell. Feel the love.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: RICK OWENS SS 17; MARY KATRANTZOU SS 17. Gorunway.com.   The girl from: New York.
Debut: The SS 15 show season.
Runway: Has walked for Chanel, Alexander Wang, Public School, Gucci and many more.
Off-duty: Jansing loves to surf.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Champagne supernova. Lottie Moss is peach perfect for Chanel’s SS 17 Champagne Eyewear campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Let your creativity reign. Deadly Ponies’ AW 17 Yingo Yango campaign taps into a space where dreams live and the boundaries are broken, for a collection of rich coloured leather, croc accents and sophisticated hardware. Take it everywhere.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Textured leather meets antique brass hardware for an organiser to be taken everywhere. Start pairing back your travel essentials. VON-RÖUTTE Travel organiser  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Welcome to Wander Land. Directed by Jasmin Tarasin and soundtracked by Fever Ray, Bianca Spender’s AW 17 collection film is a lesson in craftsmanship.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Seeing double. Identical twins Lia and Odette Pavlova play muse for Cue’s Winter.17 campaign film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Clean, crisp and pure. There’s something liberating about an all-white ensemble. From idyllic dresses to structured layers – mix and match to make it your signature. 
“No overthinking it. It’s easy to master the all-white. Whether layering knits under dresses or free-flowing tops with pants, be sure to have fun with your choices.”
– Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant
 
“If you’re in need of inspiration, take cues from a style icon. Think Bianca Jagger in her white wedding suit or that Halston three-piece and you can’t go wrong.”
– Andréa Tchacos, Features Editor
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Britt Odell @ Priscillas
HAIR AND MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using Shu Uemera
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Carly Zinga  CUE top  CUE top  SARAH & SEBASTIAN earrings  TOME dress  KAREN WALKER dress  LIFE WITH BIRD top  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Savour the summer. Hermès’ silk scarves as you’ve never seen them before.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Get a little height from your slides. These Italian-made mules will take you anywhere. HUGO BOSS Runway Edition mules in Leather with Satin Trim  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com London cool goes punk perfect – just add artful layers and British heritage, reinterpreted. Here’s what caught our eyes at London Fashion Week. The DIY attitude. CHRISTOPHER KANE
Quirky footwear, prints and embellishments. BURBERRY RUNWAY
A collection full of lace, layers and sculptured heels in muted colours – inspired by artist Henry Moore. ERDEM
A renaissance of floral prints and velvet dresses. Vintage appeal. Darkness becomes you. GARETH PUGH
Eyes were blacked out and exaggerated by way of false lashes. Beauty goes underground. MARGARET HOWELL
Oversized coats and jumpers met tailored shirts and pants in a flourish of textures. A classic take on androgynous work wear. JOSEPH
Long layers for the cooler months. An array of blocked colour and perfectly clashing prints for Joseph AW 17. HOUSE OF HOLLAND
Paris Texas. Fix your gaze on the sunset and channel your beauty to match. The journey’s yours. J.W.ANDERSON
Asymmetric patchworked dresses and drop-waist skirts with ostrich feathers for J.W.Anderson’s “style odyssey”. PREEN BY THORTON BREGAZZI
Floral dresses layered with sheer tulle and tailored pieces paired with flower-darned socks. Models walked the runway in a show of female solidarity. MARY KATRANTZOU
Under the sea. Coral colours shaded the eyes of Mary Katrantzou’s girls. Peach, pink, aqua and yellow – take your pick. PETER PILOTTO
A touch of pink. Faces were kept almost bare and ever-so-slightly glossed. Simplicity reigns. For the quirky girls. MOLLY GODDARD
Delicate tulle dresses layered with sweatshirts and pants. TOPSHOP UNIQUE
Lips were awash with the sweetest orange and lashes coated with a thick layer of mascara. Peachy keen. SIMONE ROCHA
A mostly muted palette with pops of colour and print. Models of all generations walked the runway for Simone Rocha AW 17. VERSUS VERSACE
Shape up. Hair was knotted, messy and free with a graphic, bold line of shadow heavily shading the eye. Take the risk. Your face is your canvas. VIVIENNE WESTWOOD
Either keep skin bare or scribble all over. Consider yourself an artwork. MULBERRY
From exaggerated shoulders to oversized suits and checks in all proportions. A fresh take on English heritage.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Sharnee Gates @sharneegates; Lily Aldridge @lilyaldridge.   It’s time to get in touch with your surroundings all over again. Make like Lily and Anja and put your best camouflage forward. Try on our pick from MM6 MAISON MARGIELA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Sweet dreams are made of this. Luxury sleepwear label Willa & Mae’s debut collection, One, is a lush blend of mustard, ruby, coral and navy silk satins – well-suited to the streets as between the sheets.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT From the parquet floors to the secret lives of Parisian women – Longchamp and Alexa Chung decode the city of love.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Daisy Walker SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      A mix and match of materials, colour and texture, streamlined with creativity and purpose. A London Fashion Week favourite, J.W.Anderson delivered for AW 17.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson Rock on, gold dust woman. The bright lights shine on model and musician Alys Hale. With Style Week launching today, fashion and music collide for Sass & Bide’s SF 17 collection, Moon Shadow. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Alys Hale @ IMG
HAIR AND MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency using M.A.C
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Ryan Stamatiades  SASS & BIDE top  SASS & BIDE jacket  SASS & BIDE dress  SASS & BIDE pants  SASS & BIDE pants  SASS & BIDE dress  SASS & BIDE top  SASS & BIDE skirt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: ALBERTA FERRETTI SS 17; DAKS SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Germany.
Scouted: At school.
The debut: The SS 17 shows, where she caught the attention of J.W.Anderson, Christopher Kane, Acne Studios and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com The new suiting, Americana for a modern era and fresh takes on femininity. This is the best of New York Fashion Week. It’s getting dark. ALEXANDER WANG
An army of models in a sea of black and grey. Alexander Wang AW 17 saw leather pants, boots, jackets and a new hair cut for RUSSH girl Catherine McNeil. CALVIN KLEIN
The first show under creative director Raf Simons. Double denim, plastic coating and prints injected a jolt of modern electricity through the otherwise structured work attire. GABRIELA HEARST
Crushed velvet, grey-hued yellow silk pieces and coats of all shapes and sizes. Gabriela Hearst’s AW 17 collection was a true mix of sensibility and desire. SIMON MILLER
Beauty defined by tumbling waves and fiery shadow. It was eyes to kill at Simon Miller AW 17. Lace me up. ALTUZARRA
Inspired by the Renaissance. Heavy detailing, corset features and rich fabrics, delivered through supreme tailoring. JASON WU
The shocking slash of bright red lipstick, the ease of brushed up eyebrows. The barefaced beauty with a bold lip look at the Jason Wu show was a realistic inspiration for the coming colder months. BEAUFILLE
Masculine and feminine collide. Strong silhouettes and architectural shapes, earthy tones and surprising hints of patent leather. BROCK COLLECTION
Deceptively simple and inarguably romantic. Refreshing ease for Brock Collection AW 17. In her eyes. VICTORIA BECKHAM
Well-groomed eyebrows stole the show. With a smear of blue-grey eyeshadow making an occasional appearance, simplicity is still Beckham’s secret weapon. COACH 1941
Featuring shearlings, earthy tones and plaid, Coach’s fascination with America holds true for AW 17. Welcome to the Old West. DION LEE
Chains, velvet and surprising pops of colour graced the Dion Lee AW 17 runway. BAJA EAST
Feline eyes, flashes of red and metallic nails. We’re going out tonight. Wilder times. MICHAEL KORS
Metallics, animal print, voluminous leather and deconstructed tailoring. Hear her roar. 3.1 PHILLIP LIM
 Feminine strength. Strong lines, romantic gatherings and an array of boots that stole the show. OSCAR DE LA RENTA
All about the eyes. Two-toned and layered up. It’s time to play in the shadows. PROENZA SCHOULER
The last NYFW show for the iconic duo. Wrap-style dresses, vinyl, metallic and cut-away shapes for Proenza Schouler AW 17. Liberty in the city. PUBLIC SCHOOL
Make America New York. Street style sportswear meets political statement for Public School AW 17. PRABAL GURUNG
Sculpt the eyes. From electric blue to forest green, architectural shapes are key – the only accompaniment being a light rub of rouge. RALPH LAUREN
Earthy tones and textures characterised Ralph Lauren’s AW 17 collection. Sophistication and fluidity for the new nomadic woman. AREA
Fluid lines and warm hues. Area’s AW 17 collection spoke of a casual, confident sexiness, illustrated through uncomplicated silk slips, thrown on fur jackets and asymmetrical clothing. Bare it all. SIES MARJAN
Faux or free. Eyes were framed by large false lashes or nothing at all. It was the skin that mattered most on these clean, fascinating faces. TOME
Curves of colour and line, distinguishably feminine. I’m every woman. ZIMMERMANN
Zimmerman AW 17 upped the edge, but kept the romance. Striped suiting, lace, ruffles and metallic splashes.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Shoot me down, baby look at you move. Manning Cartell presents its Autumn Winter 2017 campaign film, The Villainess, embodied by model Ollie Henderson.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Woven from burnt palm straw, an artisan statement for your holiday wardrobe. Embrace the shade. COMMUNITIE hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Hannah Scott-Stevenson     Give me the night. Get lost in the modern nostalgia of Gucci’s Spring Summer 17 collection as that sun fades below the horizon. PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODELS Emma Macgowan @ IMG and Sam Armstrong @ Chic Management
HAIR Jenny Kim @ MAP using Pure Hair Food
MAKEUP Kellie Stratton @ MAP using Laura Mercier
DIGITAL OPERATOR Oliver Geier
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Ryan Stamatiades
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Alexander Bainbridge Shot on location at Gissing House.  GUCCI shirt  GUCCI pants  GUCCI turban  GUCCI top  GUCCI dress  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   PHOTOGRAPHY Allaire Bartel    Playfulness meets protest and the return of the Guerrilla Girls. Tome’s AW 17 collection is for the woman who knows her stride.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Can you hear the ocean? Jasmin Sparrow’s new collection, Seashell, features pieces cast from real shells collected on the shores of New Zealand and Bali. One for the beachcombers.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      The modern age. Italian jewellery and luxury goods house Bvlgari has appointed Bella Hadid as the ambassador for its Autumn Winter 2017 accessories collection. The house’s latest sunglasses and handbag designs will be presented by Hadid during Milan Fashion Week at the Bvlgari Hotel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Poppy Okotcha @poppyokotcha; Annalise McLachlan @annalisemclachlan.   From day to night, work to play, don’t dim your light. Get reflective like Poppy and Peyton in this season’s versatile metallics. Try on our pick form ROMANCE WAS BORN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Andrew Swartz SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Borrowed from the boys. At NYFW, Zimmermann presented an AW 17 collection of stripe suiting, embroidery, silk pyjamas and metallic kimonos. School’s out.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The modern woman. Chloë Sevigny debuts her short film, Carmen, in collaboration with Miu Miu’s Women’s Tales project.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      It’s in the simple things. A wink and a smile. The smell of roses, a golden moment. This is all we really want.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Gold metallic leather hanging by gold tone hardware. Reflect from day to night. A-ESQUE bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Pablo Ravazzani SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Dion Lee‘s AW 17 collection was all for the woman. Strength and femininity collided in an array of belted waists, bold colours and metal accessories crafted in collaboration with Sarah & Sebastian. The future’s bright.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: MARY KATRANTZOU SS 17; MULBERRY SS 17. Gorunway.com.   The girl from: Brazil.
RUSSH loves: We met her in Paris – wearing Christian Dior – for our Models Inc. issue.
On the runway: Has walked for the likes of Gucci, Chanel, Fendi and J.W.Anderson.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Lukas Wassmann SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      One for the rebels. G-Star RAW’s Elwood X25 campaign, starring the brand’s head of imagination Pharrell Williams and model Marte Mei van Haaster is an ode breaking rules and self-expression – reflecting Williams’ will to give people the freedom to choose, down to the last detail. “One of the most memorable aspects of the day,” explains van Haaster, “[Was] nobody offered Pharrell a moment to put on his preferable music … it was just somebody’s random Spotify playlist. I had to laugh.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Jake Terrey SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      It’s in the slow fade and the worn knees, those rips in the right places and the shape that moulds to match your own. For AW 17, Mavi has delved further into denim’s deeply personal potential. Think unique embroidery, an array of fraying, step hems and biker kneepads. They’re all yours.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Think nautical or back to nude. Explore a new take on minimal in Matteau Swim’s plum set and get all wrapped up in Palm Swimwear. These bikinis of the season are made to match your next sweet escape. 
“For a different take on the classic bikini, look for a bandeau top – or one with wrap-around details. It’s an easy way to reinvigorate your beachwear.”
– Victoria Pearson, Production Co-ordinator
 “Wearing a bikini set doesn’t always mean showing a lot of skin. I find a high-waisted brief is great compliment to a woman’s shape.”
– Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Dillon @ Work Agency
HAIR & MAKEUP Danielle Butcher using Charlotte Tilbury, M.A.C and Ouai  WARD WHILLAS bikini top from My Chameleon  MATTEAU SWIM bikini top from My Chameleon  MATTEAU SWIM briefs from My Chameleon  MATTEAU SWIM bikini top from My Chameleon  MATTEAU SWIM briefs from My Chameleon  BASSIKE bikini top from My Chameleon  PALM SWIMWEAR bikini top  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   PHOTOGRAPHY courtesy of Burberry/Josh Olins.   Life as art. In celebration of Burberry Runway‘s February 2017 collection, inspired by artist Henry Moore, the brand is running an exhibition at Makers House from February 21 featuring Moore’s sculptures, drawings and maquettes, alongside Burberry Runway’s AW 17 designs. To mark the occasion, the brand has also revealed campaign images of the collection, shot on location at Henry Moore’s Studios & Gardens. A glimpse of the future.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A study of movement. Actress Haley Bennett is captured by photographer Glen Luchford in Rag & Bone’s SS 17 collection as part of the brand’s ongoing Photo Project.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   MICHAEL KORS SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Reach on out for me. Take your cues from Lacoste and Prabal Gurung and cut your sleeves down the middle. Consider our selects from J. MENDEL, OSMAN, CALVIN KLEIN COLLECTION and REJINA PYO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Beauty set free. Model Polina Oganicheva embodies the latest fragrance from Gucci in the house’s new campaign film, Gucci Bamboo, filmed by Glen Luchford with creative direction from Alessandro Michele.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones From the Paloma Picasso collection. Blue topaz wrapped in an 18k gold olive leaf. A subtle symbol of peace. TIFFANY & CO. necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Cobblestone streets, sorbet-hued architecture and colourful locals. Capri is calling, and Dolce & Gabbana take us there for SS 17.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A throwback to ad campaigns of the 40s and 50s, Miu Miu’s Suddenly Next Summer SS 17 film has us longing for retro beachwear and days spent by the sea.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A chain belt with charm, 80s nostalgia made modern. Let me see your hips swing. PAR FEMME belt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Georgia Fowler @georgiafowler; Annalise McLachlan @annalisemclachlan.   This is no time to be shy. Make like Anja and Faretta and connect with your wilder side this season. Try on our pick from ZIMMERMANN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: A DÉTACHER SS 17; GUCCI SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Put away the hats. From Gucci to Baja East, SS 17 was wrapped up in headscarves and turbans. Try on our selects from MISSONI, GUCCI, CASA NATA and EUGENIA KIM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      New beginnings. Oroton’s Autumn Winter 17 campaign takes us on a journey through texture and time. The collection, inspired by travel and architectural minimalism, reimagines the signature Oroton style while paying tribute to the brand’s classic, sophisticated aesthetic.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: BOSS WOMAN SS 17; PROENZA SCHOULER SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: California.
Full Name: Leona Anastasia Walton.
Runway Debut: Age 16 for Marc Jacobs AW 13.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Christian Dior, Balmain, Céline, Prada and Gucci.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Eileen W. Cho SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      From a tulle-adorned brides to those plastic anoraks, Demna Gvasalia’s AW 17 collection for Vetements, presented at the Centre Pompidou in Paris, was a tongue-in-cheek reflection on everyday, contemporary personalities. Something for everyone.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The grip of soft leather, a glint of gold. This rose by any other name would still smell as sweet. LOEWE bracelet  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Ease and comfort, leather-bound. The new slipper for your wardrobe. BALENCIAGA slippers  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   CÉLINE SS 17. Gorunway.com.   No need to mix and match, SS 17 saw all-white ensembles flow down the runway. Clean and crisp. Try our selects from ELLERY, MAJE, J.W.ANDERSON and BRANDON MAXWELL.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      For the femme fatale. Los Angeles-based label J Brand have teamed up with French singer and songwriter Lou Doillon for their Spring 2017 campaign, photographed by Boo George and styled by Tabitha Simmons. Playing with deconstruction, intricate dye methods and asymmetrical elements, it’s a lesson in understated sensuality.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   Summer fling. A glimpse backstage for Armani Privé’s 2017 sunset-hued Haute Couture collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Georgia Fowler @georgiafowler; Roberta Pecoraro @robertapecoraro.    Call me the breeze. Whether it’s a full-piece like Georgia Fowler’s or Grecian holiday wear à la Roberta Pecoraro, linen is a versatile staple every suitcase needs. Try on our pick from SIR the label.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Walking on a dream. Lara Stone, Irina Shayk and Liu Wen star in Peter Lindbergh and Thomas Lachambre’s short film, Manhattan Catwalk.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A midsummer night’s dream. Step into the garden for Christian Dior’s Spring Summer 17 Haute Couture collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Inspired by David Lynch’s 1984 classic, Blue Velvet, Camilla and Marc’s Autumn Winter 2017 film campaign, starring RUSSH woman Mali Koopman, celebrates the mystery and power of the unknown.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: OSCAR DE LA RENTA SS 17; GUCCI SS 17. Gorunway.com.   From Balmain’s boogie nights to Elie Saab’s retro girls, SS 17 was dripping in gold. Shine on. Try our selects from HVN, ALICE + OLIVIA, REFORMATION and VIVIENNE WESTWOOD ANGLOMANIA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dream weaver. Valentino’s Spring Summer 2017 Haute Couture collection, designed by Pierpaolo Piccioli, evoked ethereal landscapes and ancient Greek architecture.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: ALEXANDER WANG SS 17; CÉLINE SS 17. Gorunway.com.   The girl from: Brazil.
Scouted: At just 14 years old on her way to school.
International debut: Alexander Wang SS 17.
Runway: Has since walked for Miu Miu, Chanel, Valentino, Céline, Christian Dior and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Portrait of a lady. Tactile tailoring and luxurious fabrics – Chanel offers an intimate view of its SS 17 Haute Couture collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Oversized buttons, bursts of colour, elongated silhouettes and updated takes on suits and duffle coats. Riccardo Tisci’s Menswear offering in Paris was a lesson in the new Americana.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Juergen Teller SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Rebel rebel. For Repossi’s first campaign of 2017, creative director Gaia Repossi enlisted Juergen Teller to photograph RUSSH face Julia Nobis. Strength meets intricacy in stacked rings and ear cuff made for renegades – a powerful match for Nobis’s barefaced beauty.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Going to a party? Free flowing or form fitting, but always versatile, the best dresses take you from balmy afternoons to the first light of morning. “If your evening dress it too formal,
opt for a T-shirt underneath to fit the occasion.”
– Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant  
“Evening need not always be black tie. Keep things interesting with colours that lift your mood.”
– Ellen Presbury, Fashion & Beauty Co-Ordinator 
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Dillon @ Work Agency
HAIR AND MAKEUP Danielle Butcher All clothing available at BNKR  KEEPSAKE dress
  C/MEO COLLECTIVE dress  C/MEO COLLECTIVE dress
  KEEPSAKE dress
  KEEPSAKE dress  KEEPSAKE dress
  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: CÉLINE SS 17; BAJA EAST SS 17. Gorunway.com.   It’s time to reconsider red. From Oscar de la Renta’s old Hollywood glamour to Valentino’s ethereal beauties, SS 17 saw the hue take over the runway. Consider our selects from GUCCI, VALENTINO, PRABAL GURUNG and DOLCE & GABBANA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Hand-woven coconut palm leaves for the ultimate tropical destination. Daydreaming and I’m thinking of you. LACK OF COLOR hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Come closer. Company of Strangers presents its new jewellery collection, Heirloom. With an array of individual pieces featuring different stones and metals, each can be mixed, matched and fused together. A new twist.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Run free, run wild. Nike presents the Tech Pack Collection – a SS 17 offering designed to function with changing temperatures, rain or shine.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT With subtle geometric shapes and a classic gold chain, Bally’s new essential can be worn swinging or as a clutch. Take it anywhere. BALLY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Lily Aldridge @lilyaldridge; Annalise McLachlan @annalisemclachlan.   My summer fling. From Caroline Brasch Nielsen’s green Célines to Lily Aldridge’s slipper-esque statements, these off-duty models are doing slides right. Try on our picks from SIR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT New York I love you. Inspired by the style of NY’s inhabitants through the 70s, 80s and early 90s, Louis Vuitton’s AW17 Menswear collection, in collaboration with Supreme, referenced such artists as Andy Warhol, Robert Mapplethorpe and Jean-Michel Basquiat.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: NINA RICCI SS 17; ISABEL MARANT SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Croatia.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Miu Miu, Chanel, Valentino, Céline and more.
Playing muse: Journeyed to the desert to star in Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci’s SS 17 campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   FENDI SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Inspired by the ultimate in vintage eyewear. From Gucci’s rose-coloured glasses to Fendi’s square frames, SS 17’s tinted shades have us falling fast. Try on our selects from THE ROW, SUNDAY SOMEWHERE, RETROSUPERFUTURE and CHLOÉ.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Game on. For Autumn Winter 2017, Russian designer Gosha Rubchinskiy collaborated with Adidas for his decidedly sporty take on menswear, soundtracked by the show’s models discussing their dreams and aspirations.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Anna Daki SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Denim deconstructed. Dresses flowing free. Ukranian label Ksenia Schnaider is redefining our wardrobe with subtle plays on old classics. Spring Summer 2017 calls for simple silhouettes, light silk and crepe dresses in hand-drawn prints and repurposed denim with embroidered patches. Available at Stylebop.com, these are garments designed to withstand the world and whatever it throws at you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The hair was high, the suiting was sorbet-toned and Linda, Helena and Naomi commanded the runway. Prada Spring Summer 1992 was a lesson in fun and femininity.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Double denim in just one bag. This ink-dipped offering makes our early-00s dreams come true. DEADLY PONIES bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      “Isn’t it more exciting when you don’t have permission?”
Taking inspiration from Uma Thurman’s Pulp Fiction femme fatale, Kate Sylvester’s Autumn Winter 2017 campaign evokes the free spirit of Mia Wallace, captured by Benedict Brink on the streets of Williamsburg, NYC. The collection features a fresh take on Wallace’s famous white shirt, tailored pant combination, along with corsetry, leather pleats and lace.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   ACNE SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Take your cues from Christian Dior and Prada and step out in heels shorter than most. The kitten heel is your new wardrobe essential. Try on our selects from CHRISTIAN DIOR, CÉLINE, MANSUR GAVRIEL and GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      The right fit. FRAME denim has tapped Sasha Pivovarova to front their Spring Summer 2017 campaign, the second time she has featured for the London-Los Angeles brand. Captured in L.A. by co-founder Erik Torstensson, with styling from Geraldine Saglio, hair by James Pecis and make up by Frankie B, the 70s-infused collection features sleek suiting, lace-up denim, tailored shirts and accessories: straw bags and woven rope belts. Weekend ready.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Worn to be seen. Miu Miu’s jewel-encrusted frames are made to sparkle in the sun. MIU MIU sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Side by side. Christian Dior’s ethereal muses Ruth and May Bell star in the brand’s Spring Summer 2017 campaign film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   CHLOÉ SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Boxers, fencers and divers. The SS 17 runways saw sportswear on a winning streak – from Versace to Gucci and Christian Dior. Run free. Try on our selects from P.E NATION, ADIDAS BY STELLA MCCARTNEY, NIKE and THE UPSIDE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Emily Ratajkowski @emrata; Kyla Shay @kyla.shay.   Run to paradise. Bridget and Elsa know it: from garden parties to island exploring, a pair of tie-up sandals are all you need to add a little http://phentermine-med.com/phentermine-37-5/ interest to your holiday look. Try on our picks from ANCIENT GREEK SANDALS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: ALEXANDER WANG SS 17; MSGM SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: California, USA.
On the runway: Has walked for Proenza Schouler, Christian Dior, Prada and more.
Playing muse: She’s lent that signature attitude to campaigns for Alexander Wang, Valentino and Coach.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All buttoned up. Let Shalom Harlow and Kate Moss reinspire your work wear this year with a glimpse into Miuccia Prada’s 1996 Spring Summer archives.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Alex Lambrechts SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Remember the summer? Travelling to the serene coastline of Candi Dasa, Bali, SIR takes us on a journey for their Holiday capsule. Captured by Alex Lambrechts, the collection is feminine, effortless and natural. Sun is shining, the weather is sweet.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I embrace my calling. FKA twigs, in collaboration with Nike, celebrates movement as a channel of expression through a self-directed, performed and soundtracked film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      A British artist living and working in Rome, Joanne Burke began creating jewellery only a year ago. Her handmade pieces are sculpted in either yellow or bronze gold – and with only a few of each on offer, they’re rare fascinations to treat like treasure.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I see red. Valentino pays tribute to the iconic hue for their Spring Summer 2017 collection film, starring Lorena Maraschi and directed by Pierpaolo Piccioli.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “There’s always some space for some romantic women.” Let’s take it back behind the scenes at Chloé’s Spring Summer 1995 runway show – featuring cameos from Naomi, Claudia and Lagerfeld’s favourite, Kristen McMenamy, at the height of their superstardom.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones For the minimalist. A fresh take on the hoop earring, hand made in 18kt gold. EIGHTLY earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14   LOUIS VUITTON SS 17. Gorunway.com.   From Marques’Almeida to Rag & Bone, the SS 17 runways saw ankle boots take stride all over again. Try on our favourites from SAINT LAURENT, JACQUEMUS, ISABEL MARANT and DORATEYMUR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones You know you want to. Large curly frames in contrasting shades: a limited edition statement. PRADA sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Hot town, summer in the city. Starring Lara Stone, Karen Elson and Elle Fanning, Miu Miu’s Spring Summer 2017 campaign, Suddenly Next Summer, serves up ample beach holiday escapism. The collection, photographed by Alasdair McLellan, features sculptural swim hats, graphic coats and retro swimsuit silhouettes in vibrant hues. Postcard perfect.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Mara Erikovna @maraerikovna; Sveta Matiunina @sveta_mat.   Summertime calling. Whether you’re wave riding or sailing the seas, make like Georgia and Cisco: surrender to the sleek appeal of a one-piece. Try on our pick from HER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: MARQUES’ALMEIDA SS 17; ALEXANDER WANG SS 17. Gorunway.com.   The ones we keep coming back to. White shirts were crisp, tailored, oversized and sheer for SS 17. Make sleeves the focus as per Marques’Almeida or style off-the-shoulder as at Jacquemus. Try on our selects from ACLER, DION LEE, WHITE STORY and EQUIPMENT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You spin me right round, baby. Right round. From the neon high-rise to film noir sand dunes, Prada’s Spring Summer 2017 film campaign, 365, captures the multiple dimensions of the Prada man and woman. A brave new world.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The city of lights sets the scene for Nicolas Ghesquière’s SS 17 collection. Filmed by Bruce Weber, Louis Vuitton muses Mica Arganaraz, Adèle Exarchopoulos and Sasha Lane move about Paris’s Île Saint-Louis for a romantic take on the season.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT To Rome with love. Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele returns to the Italian capital, where he and photographer Glen Luchford capture the colour and frenzy of the brand’s Spring Summer 2017 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Irina Shayk, Vittoria Ceretti, Faretta Radic – captured in the sprawling southern California desert – star in Riccardo Tisci’s film campaign for the Givenchy Spring Summer 2017 collection. The heat is on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: ANTEPRIMA SS 17; ISABEL MARANT SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Seoul, South Korea.
Nickname: Ji Ji.
The beginning: Won Korea’s Next Top Model in 2013.
On the runway: Has walked for the likes of Chanel, Acne Studios and Marc Jacobs.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT For the island getaway you’ve been dreaming about or a trip to the markets on Sunday. Peace out with our handmade favourite from Worn. WORN STORE bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3    ALBERTA FERRETTI SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Say relax. Gucci and Alberta Ferretti took the robe outside and into the night for SS 17. Consider our selects from BALENCIAGA, ALEXANDER WANG, CARINE GILSON and LA PERLA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT One we’ll want to wear forever. Composed of crystal and 14kt solid gold, this is a piece to make your subtle signature. BY CHARLOTTE necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   CHRISTOPHER KANE SS 17. Gorunway.com.   From holy icons to Elvis tributes. SS 17 saw the basic tee upgraded with artful prints. Consider our selects from ACNE STUDIOS, HOUSE OF HOLLAND, VETEMENTS and GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: RAG & BONE SS 17; NO. 21 SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Netherlands.
The face: Has fronted beauty campaigns for Chanel and Givenchy.
On the runway: Has walked for the likes of Céline, Christian Dior, Dolce & Gabbana, Valentino and Chanel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   CHRISTIAN DIOR SS 17. Gorunway.com.   This season the fairytale is for everyone. At Christian Dior and Gucci soft tulle balanced sharp looks, for the dresses of our dreams. Consider our selects from SIMONE ROCHA, TOGA, NEEDLE & THREAD and GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones For the one who chases the sun. Your new travel companion is rollable, for compact suitcase storage. Not to mention it looks great with a bikini. Time to get away. HELEN KAMINSKI hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Anja Konstantinova @anja_konstantinova; Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit.   Whether seeing red like Frederikke or feeling the love à la Georgia, our model muses know tinted glasses are the ultimate statement. Shine on. Try on our pick from PRADA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   ROCHAS SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Just like sunlight. From Dries Van Noten’s flowers to Rochas’s flowing layers, a splash of yellow to brightened the SS 17 runways. Full beam. Consider our picks from LANVIN, ROSIE ASSOULIN, DELPOZO and BIANCA SPENDER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Gold thread chains and charms for your inner skygazer. This free-spirited pair unite the night and day. ELVIS ET MOI earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: BOTTEGA VENETA SS 17; DRIES VAN NOTEN SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The French Caribbean island of Martinique.
Scouted: On her way home from school.
Off-duty: Studies biology.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   ANDREW GN SS 17. Gorunway.com.   The 00s nostalgia of Britney and Justin came back in full force for SS 17. Marques’Almeida, Gucci and Alexander Wang all made their denim a double take. Match up with our selects from MARQUES’ALMEIDA, SAINT LAURENT and ROBERTO CAVALLI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A new way to link up. This simple pleasure from Natasha Schweitzer’s classic collection is sitting high on our Christmas lists. NATASHA SCHWEITZER bangle  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Bambi Northwood Blyth @bambilegit; Dilone @_dilone.   Hotel pools and ocean views. Follow the lead of Bambi and Dilone and float on in the bikini that speaks to you. There are no rules. Try on our pick from MATTEAU.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   DIESEL BLACK GOLD SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Let’s take it back to the two-piece. Paired ensembles were on high rotation on the SS 17 runways. We always wanted a twin. Consider our matching set selects from GUCCI (top and pants) and DOLCE & GABBANA (top and skirt).  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Cuba libre. Direct from the Chanel Cruise 17 runway, this bright backpack is fit for your next adventure. CHANEL bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT High-line shapes, smooth silhouettes and clean lines. Embrace summer in the city with HER’s minimal classic, or island living with She Made Me’s crocheted essential. It’s never been easier to find the one-piece swimsuit that speaks to you. “I love designing maillots because there is more room to work with. There is more fabric there for more design ideas.” – Marysia Dobrzanska – designer, Marysia “The Ester is a classic and timeless swimsuit, made from double layered fabric and without any visible stitch lines. The focus is all about the shape and nothing else but the shape.” – Tuyen Nguyen – designer, HER “A one-piece swimsuit is an essential in any summer wardrobe. Something that is so simple to wear can evoke confidence in an effortless way.” – Chloe Dunlop – designer, She Made Me PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Frida Sara Melhorn @ IMG
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Tristan Kane  HER swimsuit  SHE MADE ME swimsuit  MIRADOR top  MIRADOR sarong  MARYSIA swimsuit  PALM swimsuit  MATTAEU SWIM swimsuit  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   JILL STUART SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: St. Louis, Missouri.
Scouted: At age 11, leaving the cinema.
The cut: Guido Palau gave her that signature bowl cut before Gucci’s SS 16 show.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      An open book for J.W.Anderson’s SS 17 campaign. Fronted by Chloë Sevigny and lensed by Jamie Hawkesworth, the campaign shows a series of black and white portraits of the style icon. Page turner.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   CUSHNIE ET OCHS SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Large, small or curly. Gold or silver. Whatever the style, SS 17 sought after statement-making hoops. Round and round. Try on our favourites from NATASHA SCHWEITZER, MEADOWLARK, RELIQUIA and HOLLY RYAN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT She’s the karaoke queen from Long Island, NY. And when she smiles, well, it’s magic. Get up close and personal with The Face of December: Dilone. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A perfect friend for those long-haul flights. Eye mask, shawl and soft cashmere socks. Travel right. JAC+ JACK travel pack  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Bibi Cornejo Borthwick SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Army greens, cobalt blues and a deep wine red. Photographed by Bibi Cornejo Borthwick, Dion Lee Pre-Fall 17 is a streetwise mix of textures and shapes. Think shearling and velvet, utilitarian cuts and fluid draping. To touch and to feel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Mirror mirror. Handcrafted in sterling silver, Coyote Negro’s unique pair are fluid and textured like ripples on water. COYOTE NEGRO earrings from My Chameleon  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Brittany Noon @brittanynoon; Georgia Fowler @georgiafowler.    The time for that pre-Christmas workout is now. Whether it’s a beachside boxing session á la Georgia Fowler or a team effort as per Adriana Lima, be sure that you’re dressed to break a sweat. Try on our pick from LULULEMON.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Our first was the newly-inducted Victoria’s Secret Angel Georgia Fowler who got us into her groove, followed by L.A. woman Cami Morrone who let us in on her life’s passions and Argentinian roots. And we couldn’t look away. The next woman behind The Face stole our hearts on the runway for Menswear AW 16, has Dominican heritage, a thing for karaoke and a look like no other. We’ve never met a girl like this before. So who’s our digital cover girl for December? Visit RUSSH.com tomorrow to find out.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Smith From the workout companion to the partner in crime, shop our gifts for the girl you couldn’t get by without. 
“Whenever I’m down, I call on you my friend.”
– Brandy
 Clockwise from left: LACK OF COLOR hat, SHE MADE ME bikini top and briefs, OUAI HAIRCARE Hair oil, ORCHARD ST Cacao Bliss smoothie, OROTON bag. Clockwise from left: ILES FORMULA Gift box, KIT AND ACE top, STATUS ANXIETY wallet, NEWBARK shoes from My Chameleon.     When indulgence becomes overbearing there’s Barre Body, in the most motivating of outfits.     Clockwise from left: LULULEMON bra and towel, BARRE BODY gift voucher, ORCHARD ST Cleanse. Clockwise from left: HAIGHS Milk Chocolate Baubles, TRILOGY Repair & Protect Gift pack, JO MALONE Scented Ceramic Christmas ornament, TOMMY HILFIGER t-shirt, FAUSTO bag from Hunt Leather. 
“My mother was right: when you’ve got nothing left all you can do is get into silk underwear and start reading Proust.”
– Jane Birkin
 LONELY bra and briefs. Give holiday essentials and beach-side reads for the days you’re bound to spend together. Clockwise from left: TURKISH MURKISH towels, left, right, CHANEL Le Bi-Phase Visage Anti-Pollution Face Makeup remover, Charles Dickens, Great Expectations, GROWN ALCHEMIST Age Repair Gel masque and Hydra-Repair Eye balm, T2 teacups. Clockwise from left: MAX MARA shoes, STATUS ANXIETY wallet, DINOSAUR DESIGNS sculpture, KORA ORGANICS Gratitude Gift set, RUSSH Magazine 12 Issue subscription.     “And I’m still carrying the gift you gave, it’s a part of me now, it’s been cherished and saved.” – Bob Dylan     Clockwise from left: AUSTRALIAN BALLET Season pass, MAISON BALZAC drinking glasses, RACHEL GILBERT top, SANTA MARIA NOVELLA Olio Cosmetico from Franque. Clockwise from left: YVES SAINT LAURENT lipsticks in Beige Aquarelle and Encre Rosé, LUCY FOLK bag, TOPSHOP jeans, MIU MIU sunglasses, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes. Clockwise from left: HAIGH’S Milk Chocolate Baubles, ASSEMBLY LABEL shirt, ANCIENT GREEK SANDALS shoes, MICHAEL KORS watch, MR. SMITH Blond treatment and masque.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Summer heat begins to rise. Global retailer ASOS has launched an online hub for swimwear through its Anything Goes campaign, celebrating its muses for the Australian summer – among them model Raenee Sydney and model and dancer Mimi Elashiry. The campaign celebrates the diverse talent of its stars with a distinct creative direction for each curated edit: bohemian, minimalist, bold and graphic. Dive right in.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   STELLA MCCARTNEY SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Think khaki and tan, pockets and practicality. SS 17 spoke to the avid traveller, destination unknown. Journey on in our selects from LOEWE, J.CREW, CÉDRIC CHARLIER and MARNI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT With a youthful Tim Blanks narrating, Juergen Teller and Roxanne Lowit backstage and Amber and Naomi striding the runway, Helmut Lang’s 1996 Fall collection has us nostalgic for that throwback magic.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: OSCAR DE LA RENTA SS 17; LANVIN SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Lewisville, Texas.
The beginning: A muse to Steven Meisel, she began her career opening shows for Alexander Wang and Balenciaga.
Runway: Has also walked for the likes of Chanel, Chloé, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana and Fendi.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT We don’t need the sun to light the day. We only need stars. Valentino takes us on a night out with friends to pay tribute to the icons of its Rockstud Rolling Noir collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Luxury being. An icon to be passed kept and passed on; Cartier’s panther strikes with yellow gold, emerald eyes and diamonds. It reminds us of something Bianca Jagger might have worn to Studio 54. CARTIER necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  SHE MADE ME top and bikini top. Enter the unknown. Experience new scenes in crochet swim and colours borne of the earth. An adventure awaits. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Deborah Schoutema @ Priscillas
HAIR AND MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using Laura Mercier and R+Co
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Lights and music. VAMFF’s 2017 Premium Runway 6 spotlights collections from native talent, including designers Kacey/Devlin, Anna Quan, Viktoria & Woods, Celeste Tesoriero, búl and RYDER. Presented by RUSSH on March 18 at Melbourne’s Royal Exhibition Building, the runway commences at 9pm, with a gift bag for each guest valued at more than $100. Purchase your tickets for the event through Ticketek now.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Based on one of its creator’s dreams, Alice Waese SS 17 draws contrasts between workwear and sleepwear, with items created for the pleasure of the wearer. The season’s jewellery collection continues theme of contradictions; diamonds on the insides of bands and lockets with hidden treasures, from a designer trained in garment design and fine art.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Night moves. Freja, Jourdana, Cara and Selena take control in moody monochrome for #YSL04 by Anthony Vaccarello.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   GIAMBATTISTA VALLI SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Free flow. From Dion Lee’s tonal silhouettes to Céline’s soft dreams, SS 17 saw full skirts take centre stage. Consider our selects from SIES MARJAN, PETER PILOTTO, ORGANIC BY JOHN PATRICK and KIT X.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Jordy Murray @j_murr; Roberta Pecoraro @robertapecoraro.   They’re back and fresher than ever. Make like Nicole and Erin and shade your face with a felt fedora. No hat no play. Keep your brim wide with our pick from LACK OF COLOR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Make a splash. Stella McCartney’s Spring 2017 collection has us dreaming of sun-drenched hues and poolside afternoons. Take us there.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Smith From scents so delicious to nights spent whiskey in hand. Be it your father, brother or your lover, these gifts are for the man in your life. Clockwise from left: SAMSUNG phone, ERMENEGILDO ZEGNA shoes, OLIVER PEOPLES sunglasses, HUGO BOSS cufflinks, EMPORIO ARMANI belt, KNOMO bag, TOM FORD Oud Wood EDP. Log off and log out. Give the ultimate accessories for a great escape; it’s the time of the season. Clockwise from left: HILLS hat from Strand Hatters, BASSIKE shorts, TOPMAN shoes, BALLY bag. Clockwise from left: ALBERT THURSTON suspenders from Strand Hatters, CHRISTIAN DIOR shoes, STATUS ANXIETY wallet, LUBIN Upper Ten EDP, HUNT Trinket tray, CARTIER ring and cufflinks.         Clockwise from left: AKUBRA hat from Strand Hatters, CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN shoes, Phillip Prodger, William Eggleston Portraits, LE LABO Santal 33 Perfume oil, STATUS ANXIETY wallet, BAILEY NELSON sunglasses. Clockwise from left: Alain de Botton, The Course of Love, TROY O’SHEA hat from Strand Hatters, MICHAEL KORS watch, FOUR PILLARS Navy Strength gin, THE ACADEMY BRAND shorts.     “We need the tonic of wilderness … We can never have enough nature.” – Henry David Thoreau     Clockwise from left: DEADLY PONIES wallet, BALLY shoes, BIOLOGY Skin Essentials pack, EMPORIO ARMANI bag, BAILEY NELSON sunglasses. For the man who knows his way around the kitchen – and your heart, obviously. Clockwise from left: FOUR PILLARS gin, Bryan Keyser and Leigh Friend, Composing The Cheese Plate, SHUN knife, CHÂTEAU D’ESTOUBLON French Extra Virgin Olive oil, DINOSAUR DESIGNS plates, (left, middle, right). 
Say relax. His favourite whiskey needs a new favourite glass, and that signature scent can be worn or burned.
 Clockwise from left: SWAGGS Botello Bottle carrier, JAMESON The Distiller’s Safe whiskey, TOM FORD Tuscan Leather EDP and Oud Wood candle, RIEDEL Nachtmann Noblesse Whisky set, HUNT Hip flask.     “The light music of whiskey falling into a glass – an agreeable interlude.” – James Joyce     Clockwise from left: RUNNING BARE towel, KIEHL’S Age Defender Power serum and Age Defender moisturizer, NIKE shoes, SONOS Play 1 Wireless speaker. Clockwise from left: CONVERSE shoes, SMITH & CO Unwind Hand balm, SUKIN Oil Balancing Pore Refining Facial scrub, CALVIN KLEIN trunks, THE ACADEMY BRAND shirt.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   LOUIS VUITTON SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Go wide and go long. SS 17 saw oversized blazers take over the runways: for the power dresser in all of us. Try our selects from BLAZÉ MILANO, CALVIN KLEIN COLLECTION, GARETH PUGH and BALENCIAGA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Just like honey. Gucci motifs run wild in antique brass and crystals: you know sugar never ever was so sweet. GUCCI belt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: EMILIO PUCCI SS 17; CHLOÉ SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Malmo, Sweden.
In the beginning: Started modelling at age 16, making her runway debut at Prada Resort 09.
Runway: Has walked for the likes of Saint Laurent, Miu Miu, Burberry Runway and Lanvin.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dior Homme steps into the night with the Black Carpet capsule collection. Think slim silhouettes and unexpected detail; this is elevated formalwear for the rebel at heart.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Wear this while sipping from fresh coconuts. Handmade from woven palm leaves, The Sundowner is fit for the individual. A hat made for play. LACK OF COLOR hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Holiday, celebrate. Céline is opening the doors to its first stand-alone Australian store at Melbourne’s Chadstone shopping centre this Saturday December 3. All we want for Christmas.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Crisp cuts, structured shapes and this season’s oversized offering. Button up in Tome’s forever classic and Anna Quan’s extended sleeves. These are the white shirts your wardrobe needs. “Take your button-up in a new direction with exaggerated shapes. Opt for extra-long or balloon sleeves for a dramatic effect.” – Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant 
“Oversized shirts, they’re the new classic. Or layer on up for a structured feminine take.”
– Andrea Tchacos, Features Editor
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Frida Sara Melhorn @ IMG
MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Tristan Kane  ALTEWAISAOME pants   ANNA QUAN shirt  HOLLY RYAN earrings  JACQUEMUS skirt from My Chameleon  IRIS AND INK shirt   PARIS GEORGIA BASICS top   KAREN MILLEN pants  HOLLY RYAN ring   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT An easy slide for summer, the stuff of your psychedelic dreams. Turn on, tune in, drop out. ANCIENT GREEK SANDALS shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Summer solstice. Nicole Trunfio is lost and found in the California desert for Auguste’s Strawberry Moon collection. Soundtracked by her husband, Gary Clark Jr., and filmed by Dan Dealy – with a heavy dose of 70s nostalgia it has us craving the open road.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   HOOD BY AIR SS 17. Gorunway.com.   From Christian Dior’s feminists to the hustlers at Hood By Air, SS 17 proved that slogan tees are a sure way to get your message across. Speak to me. Consider our selects from MOSCHINO, KATHARINE HAMNETT AT YMC, RAG & BONE and ETRE CÉCILE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Candy-sweet pastels, precise symmetry and an appearance by Adrien Brody: it could only be the work of Wes Anderson for H&M’s Christmas collection campaign film, Come Together.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Smith From that Gucci bag to the read they never knew they needed. For the one who has everything, shop the RUSSH gift guide. 
Celebratory champagne is best paired with heirloom-worthy jewellery and treasures that hang on trees.
 Clockwise from top left: JO MALONE Christmas ornament, CHANEL shoes, TIFFANY & CO. cuff and bracelet, CHANEL Les Exclusifs de Chanel Boy fragrance, BOLLINGER champagne. Clockwise from top left: NERIDA WINTER hat, DOLCE & GABBANA sunglasses, THE BODY SHOP Oils of Life Skincare collection, GIUSEPPE ZANOTTI shoes, HAIGH’S Chocolate Nut mixture.     “Well I want a little sugar in my bowl, well I want a little sweetness down in my soul.” – Nina Simone     Clockwise from top left: WILLA & MAE shirt, REN Luxury Moroccan Rose collection, 66 THE LABEL scarf, ORCHARD STREET Detox tea, I Am Goddess essence, and Lover’s Elixir powder. Clockwise from top left: VEUVE CLICQUOT Vintage rosé, BURBERRY RUNWAY bag, PRADA sunglasses, BY TERRY Terrybly Densiliss Sun Glow serum.     Life’s little luxuries don’t need to disappear poolside. Our love affair with the 70s continues. Clockwise from top left: NUXE Huile Prodigieuse Multi-Purpose Dry oil for Face, Body and Hair, BARTON PERREIRA sunglasses, TORY BURCH Jolie Fleur Verte EDP, ZIMMERMANN swimsuit. “Well you just might find … You get what you need, yeah, oh baby.” – The Rolling Stones Clockwise from top left: SOPHIE BUHAI earrings from My Chameleon, JO MALONE Earl Grey & Cucumber cologne, GUCCI bag, NATASHA SCHWEITZER bangle. Clockwise from top left: CHRISTIAN DIOR shoes, KAREN WALKER X AN ORGANISED LIFE Notebook set, RODIN OLIO LUSSO Luxury Face oil and Luxury Body oil.     Everyone wants a voucher if it’s for a blissed-out massage. Make it personal with charms to keep close and candles to occupy every room.     Clockwise from top left: SANTA MARIA NOVELLA Rose water from Franque, ENDOTA SPA Pore Purifying cleansing gel, Balance Me mist and Deep Hydration Face moisturizer, BALLY bag, DINOSAUR DESIGNS dishes. Clockwise from top left: CARTIER necklaces (left , middle , right) TOD’S wallet, VENUSTUS Gift vouchers, DIPTYQUE 12 Mini Candle Holiday Collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Jana Kruger @jana_kruger; Natalie Ludwig @natalielud.    There’s no such thing as too simple. Ripped, rolled or cuffed: make like Maartje, Iman and Bambi and be casting-ready in your plain white tee. Try on our pick from BASSIKE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   VALENTINO SS 17. Gorunway.com.   From one extreme to the other. Along with oversized offerings, SS 17 brought forward miniature bags to hold little more than the most essential. The tinier the better. Try our selects from FURLA, WHITING & DAVIS, SERPUI MARIE and LITTLE LIFFNER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: SIMONE ROCHA AW 16; ETRO AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Other half: Has an identical twin sister, May Bell, who is also a model.
Scouted: On holiday in Paris.
The look: Shaved her head for Alexander McQueen’s AW 15 campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Created by women, for women. Recently launched online retailer Par Femme aims to be your new destination for exploring and embracing your femininity – whatever that means for you. Run free.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A trip back through the archives for a baby-faced Marc Jacobs and Louis Vuitton’s Fall 2000 runway.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Cat power. With printed frames and metallic accents, these are not for the faint of heart. Wear them on a coastal drive with the top down and the wind in your hair. ONE POINT SEVEN FOUR sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A beautiful nightmare. Director David O. Russell’s Hitchcockian film for Prada invites audiences into a surreal 12-minute dreamscape, featuring a rotation of high profile talent and wardrobes courtesy of the house itself.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Inspired by MTV music videos of the past, Marc Jacobs’ Resort 17 campaign film takes us out on the town 80-style – sequins, dark-rimmed eyes and shaggy hair. Nothin’ but a good time.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Gold layered loops on a fine gold chain make for the ultimate in subtle statements. She’s cosmic. HOLLY RYAN necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/15   ALTUZARRA SS 17. Gorunway.com.   From Burberry Runway to Balenciaga, and Bottega Veneta. SS 17 saw strong emphasis on the belted waist. Create that shape with our picks from TOM FORD, SAINT LAURENT, BURBERRY RUNWAY and Y/PROJECT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Modern muse. New Zealand-based womenswear label, Mahsa, present their second collection: Yesterday Modern. Easy to wear silhouettes in raw fibers and earthy tones project an essence of romanticism and nostalgia. Then and now.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Les planètes s’alignent parfaitement pour les ascendants Gémeaux. Captured by filmmaker Jimmy Lees, and starring Breanna Green in their delicate, modern designs, Hatsumi’s Laundry is speaking our language.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Elyse Taylor @elysetaylor; Bambi Northwood-Blyth @bambilegit.   Worn to be seen. Make like Lily and Tilda; forgo wires and put your bralette on show. Try on our pick from L’AGENT BY AGENT PROVOCATEUR  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel Feel the heat. Long days and humid nights call for barely-there bikinis and bright, nostalgic prints. PHOTOGRAPHY Sam Hendel
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODEL Valentine Bouquet @ Ulla Models
HAIR & MAKE UP Rebecca Wordingham @ Saint Luke Artists
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Peter Carter  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT I’m giving you a nightcall. Miu Miu girls Dree, Cecilia, Birgit, Faretta and Sara wander the streets of Rome for the brand’s Resort 2017 film campaign. Walk this way.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   ALEXANDER WANG SS 17. Gorunway.com.   The 90s revival. SS 17 saw soft and sultry slip dresses breathe fresh air. Barely there. Slip into one of our selects from ORGANIC BY JOHN PATRICK, PARIS GEORGIA BASICS, SILK LAUNDRY and FLEUR DU MAL.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Time is on my side, yes it is. Silver-plated, stainless steel and finished with a black leather strap – a forever classic. IWC SCHAFFHAUSEN watch  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: STELLA MCCARTNEY SS 17; ISABEL MARANT SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Cover girl: She took us swimming for our Adventure issue, and confessed she’s always wanted to be a race car driver.
Hails from: Russia.
On the runway: Has walked for Balmain, Valentino, Chanel, Christian Dior, Gucci, Prada and Victoria’s Secret.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Boys to men. Cult filmmaker Larry Clark takes to the streets of Paris in this skate-inspired short film for Dior Homme’s Spring Summer 17 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Let the sunshine in. Dolce and Gabbana present their Fall 2016/17 eyewear collection, an ode to the good life.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Paradise lost and found. Gucci Cruise 2017 comes alive in Rome’s Garden of Ninfa for the Gucci Gift campaign film, directed by Floria Sigismondi.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   KENZO SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Come into my office. Not a style to be kept in the realms of business casual: the SS 17 runways saw designers shortening the shirtsleeve. A new everyday essential for when the heat is on. Consider our selects from RAEY, MARNI, PRADA and CUE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Lingerie as outerwear and sleepwear during the day. From Paris Georgia Basics’ cult slip dress to Agent Provocateur’s lace bodysuits – wear what makes you feel good. “Subtle layering goes a long way. Opt for a lace bodysuit under a silk slip dress for beautiful detail.”– Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant “Dress for no one but yourself. In silk slips for ease and touches of lace that allude but aren’t overt.”
– Ellen Presbury, Fashion & Beauty Co-ordinator PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Gillian @ Work Agency
MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Ella Blinco Jury  AGENT PROVOCATEUR bodysuit  AGENT PROVOCATEUR bodysuit  HEIDI KLUM INTIMATES dress  PARIS GEORGIA BASICS dress   WITCHERY top  MICHAEL LO SORDO jacket  KIT AND ACE pants  PETITE GRAND bracelet  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   Mateja Buila @fuckingnowheretown.   Make like Taylor and Jess and find your summer high in a top that says off-duty. Subtle skin. Try on our pick from SIR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones We’ll go riding on the horses. This equestrian-inspired offering reflects traditional saddlery, complete with double straps, in Italian leather. BURBERRY RUNWAY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “It doesn’t matter where you’re going, only who you have beside you.” Empty highways, beachside bonfires and ocean escapes – Camille Rowe takes us on her perfect journey for Tumi.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Postcards from here. She Made Me’s dreamy campaign film, shot by Ryan Brabazon with a soundtrack by Soko, transports us to the picturesque streets of Essaouira, Morocco. I feel like walking. Do you feel like coming?  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Supplying the classics. Recently launched Sydney-based online retailer Basics Department brings a carefully curated selection of staples from designers who share the belief that timeless design represents the basis of style. Say hello to silk slips, crisp shirts and minimal swim from the likes of Anna Quan, Ephemera and Ginia RTW.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT RUSSH favourite and possessor of that elusive ‘je ne sais quoi’ Caroline de Maigret takes us to the streets of Paris in Chanel’s Cruise 2017 Derby shoes. Our kind of life in black and white.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   JOHN GALLIANO SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Be inspired by Off-White and Preen by Thornton Bregazzi; let your psychedelic side run free. Tie-dye was in full flight for SS 17. Add a little colour with our selects from PROENZA SCHOULER, MARQUES’ALMEIDA, RAQUEL ALLEGRA and VALENTINO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: LOUIS VUITTON SS 17; RODARTE SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Orange County, California.
Career: Started modelling at age 14.
Friends and collaborators: Kemesky is a long-time muse to Cass Bird.
The look: She began her career with long blonde hair before adopting her signature jet-black bob.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      This band doesn’t fear its own vibrations. The physical aesthetic of Client Liaison, aka Harvey Miller and Monte Morgan – accompanied onstage by Tom Tilley and Geordie Miller – is the perfect example of an act wholly embodying their sound, their synth-laden tracks as nostalgic and dripping with late 80s and 90s influences as their on-stage threads and flamboyant curls. Where past outfits might have been found in vintage stores, this time it’s personal – a recent collaboration saw P.Johnson Tailors, with help from designer Kirsty Barros, bringing Client Liaison’s dream performance ensembles to life. Cut to mimic the gaudy tycoons embodied by Michael Douglas in Wall Street and De Niro’s Goodfella’s wardrobe, the suits feature monogrammed initials tucked away beneath collars and only one caveat: the bigger the shoulder pads, the better. Immaculately groomed, soaked in pastels and selling every second of it; welcome to the world of our love.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Purple haze. We can’t help but show love to these metal-framed beauties. An abstract take on the aviator. MIU MIU sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones “Don’t use the phone,” said Jack Kerouac, “People are never ready to answer it. Use poetry.” Sign your love notes with this special edition coral rollerball. A piece to make your signature. MONTBLANC pen  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   BALENCIAGA SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Think bigger: large-scale and oversized bags took over this season. From Céline, to Loewe, and Balenciaga of course, SS 17 was built for more. Consider our picks from REPETTO, LANVIN, SEE BY CHLOÉ and BOTTEGA VENETA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Logan Crosby @loganemily_; Mateja Buila @fuckingnowheretown.   We’re holding on to what’s golden. Make like Langley and Steffy and multiply your chains. Layer on up with our pick from HOLLY RYAN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The rhythm is life. Move to the beat with Binx Walton and Lindsey Wixson for a Chanel Cruise 2016/17 salsa lesson. Viva Cuba.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price Heat rises and the days, they call for denim. Opt for cool shades and washed out hues in those languid moments that might last forever. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Kelsey Gerry @ Chic Management
HAIR Madison Voloshin using R+Co and Alan White Anthology
MAKEUP Joel Phillips @ Vivien’s Creative using M.A.C
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Alex Tracey All clothing, shoes and accessories from MYER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Alien landscape. A desert oasis sets the scene for Saint Laurent creative director Anthony Vaccarello’s Spring 2017 campaign film, starring Vittoria Ceretti and Travis Scott. The heat is on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   LES COPAINS SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Miu Miu, Missoni and more were swim fans for SS 17. This season, bikini tops are a staple to be taken far beyond the beach. Consider our selects from MATTEAU, MELISSA ODABASH, ZIMMERMANN, NU SWIM and LISA MARIE FERNANDEZ.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Act so tough, make it cool. Diesel Black Gold harnesses the attitude of Sunflower Bean to showcase their AW 16 Outerwear collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The motorcycle diaries. Chloé offers a glimpse into the world of French journalist Anne-France Dauthville, whose nomadic lifestyle played muse to their AW 16 collection. Read about her travel wardrobe in our Adventure issue – on sale now.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A collaboration of the instant kind. Michael Kors has teamed up with Fujifilm to create a new style of Instax camera with a custom camera bag to match. Fashion on film. MICHAEL KORS X FUJIFILM camera & MICHAEL KORS camera bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Memory lane. Prada’s Resort 17 collection takes a moody turn behind the lens of Willy Vandeperre for the campaign film starring Jessica Chastain and Dane DeHaan, set against the brooding backdrop of Milan.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Not just for the 90s nostalgic. From MATIN’s linen offering to Rolla’s’ figure-hugging denim, overalls have resurfaced as a wardrobe staple. Rise up. 
“Overalls have moved into staple item status – a go-to in the same way a dress or your favourite jeans are. Our Starry Nights overall can go from day to night – a tee underneath for day and with it’s backless detail it can be a really lovely evening piece.” – Sarah Gilsenan – head designer, Rolla’s
 “The classic linen pocket overall is the ‘go to’ MATIN summer staple. Style with cotton blouses, vintage T-shirts or your perfect swimsuit. They are the piece to make all your very own.” – Michelle Perrett – director, MATIN PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Gillian @ Work Agency
MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Ella Blinco Jury  LEVI’S overalls
  MATIN overalls  LONELY t-shirt

  LEVI’S t-shirt  G-STAR RAW top  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Hanging by a thread. Swarovski crystal beads join 9ct gold hoops. For the dreamers, they’d be right at home on the ears of The Virgin Suicides’ Lux Lisbon. EBONNY MUNRO earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Sara Sandri SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Entrance through the past. Reliquia creates jewellery that blends modernity with nostalgia, like a piece found in you mother’s jewellery box that becomes a personal talisman. You know those signature hoops, now fall fast for the rest.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: CHLOÉ SS 17; GIAMBATTISTA VALLI SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Take your cues from the femme fatales at Christian Dior and Lanvin. For SS 17 the little black dress was both tailored and free flowing – and not afraid of a subtle sparkle or glimpse of skin. Consider our selects from MANNING CARTELL, FOR LOVE & LEMONS, SIMONE ROCHA and ISABEL MARANT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The final touch. Shot by long-time collaborator Glen Luchford, Alessandro Michele’s Pre-Fall 16 jewellery and timepiece collection film evokes the whimsy and majesty of the quintessential Gucci world.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   Montana Cox @montanacox1.   A uniform for the very best days. Channel the likes of Montana and Georgia and streamline sunshine with the essential straw hat. Try on our pick from LACK OF COLOR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Schoolgirl chic, heels foregone for flats. With a young Kate Moss opening the show, and Helena and Christy to follow, this was Versace at its understated best.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: CHLOÉ SS17; ETRO SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Let your pants do the talking. From Burberry Runway to Fendi and Lanvin, SS 17 saw the stripe take stride. Think business meets pleasure; consider our selects from ALTUZARRA, GIVENCHY BY RICCARDO TISCI, TWIN-SET and COUNTRY ROAD.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Starring the always-mesmerising Lily-Rose Depp, Chanel’s film campaign for new fragrance, N°5 L’eau, is all about duality – shadow and light, night and day, composition and excess. “You know me and you don’t.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Denim elevated. Ellery presents its first luxury denim collection, launched exclusively on Matchesfashion.com. Staying true to the brand’s iconic silhouettes and dramatic proportions, the five-part offering features black denim flares, a tailored high-rise slim-leg jean and Ellery’s take on the boyfriend jean, adorned with signature gold hardware. Nostalgic designs reinvented for new romantics. Got a love like denim.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   From left: CHLOÉ SS 17; DKNY SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Brescia, Italy.
Discovered: At an Elite model contest at age 14.
Italian beauty: Was chosen by Dolce & Gabbana for her first major campaign.
Off-duty: Studies psychology and has two pet snakes.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT On Rio de Janeiro’s seaside boardwalks and in the space age surrounds of the Niterói Contemporary Art Museum, Alicia Vikander embodies Louis Vuitton’s spirit of travel for Cruise 2017. Take us away.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones The ultimate essential: black leather, gold buckle. Le D-Ring belt has us hooked. FRAME belt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  RYDER dress; KATE SPADE sunglasses; HOLLY RYAN earrings (worn throughout); model’s own earrings (worn throughout); KAREN WALKER rings (worn throughout).
 The road is life, and we’re just getting started. Chase the horizon in bohemian prints and graphic frames with a feminine twist. The journey awaits. PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Jeet Pavlovic @ Priscillas
HAIR Anthony Nader @ Work Agency using Oribe
MAKEUP Samantha P @ Work Agency
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Milan Rodriguez
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Ella Blinco Jury Special thanks to Will Ramage  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   GIAMBATTISTA VALLI SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Endless dreams. From Simone Rocha’s one-shouldered flirtation to Alexander McQueen’s gothic beauty, SS 17 saw white lace breathe fresh air into feminine silhouettes. Make it your own with our selects from SELF PORTRAIT, CARVEN, STELLA MCCARTNEY and VILSHENKO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Argentinian beauty Mica Arganaraz is bathed in sunlight upon the seashore for Chanel’s Cruise 2017 film campaign – an ode to the colour and spirit of Cuba.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Let’s sway, while colour lights up your face. Get a little nostalgic with a beaded clutch, just in time for party season. LUCY FOLK bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   TOGA SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Check this out. Gingham took centre stage for SS 17: think ruffles at House of Holland and an electric feel at Arthur Arbesser. A new era in pattern play. Try on our selects from J.CREW, J.W.ANDERSON, PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI and ALEXANDER WANG.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Erin Shea @erinshea__; Mateja Buila @fuckingnowheretown.   Rancho notorious. Georgia and Taylor can’t get enough of the necktie, and neither can we. Wear it Western style or pull into a pussy bow. Try on our pick from 66 THE LABEL.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT They’re classics for a reason. Ralph Lauren has previewed its new Timeless collection with a short film featuring 10 models – from Stella Tennant to Frederikke Sofie – in talks on iconic style.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: LOEWE SS 17; ALEXANDER WANG SS 17. Gorunway.com.   On the runway: Walked for the likes of Alexander Wang, Christian Dior, Prada and Miu Miu.
Winner: Amsterdam’s Elite Model Look contest in 2014.
The face: Fronted Prada’s SS 16 campaign alongside Sasha Pivovarova and Natalia Vodianova.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Model Marte Mei van Haaster is let loose inside the Hermès atelier in nothing but its iconic scarves for the label’s new film, directed by Craig McDean. An inside look at technical luxury.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dig the California girls. Home is where the heart is, and ours is all caught up in Cami Morrone. It may just be her Latin American roots, but this L.A. woman knows where to find the groove. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A little Mia Farrow, a little Kurt Cobain. Inspired by 60s cinema by way of 90s grunge, these cat eye frames put a rock ‘n’ roll spin on sophistication. BAILEY NELSON sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck One glance and we were hooked. Long, honeyed locks and that smile. She looks good in a pair of Levi’s and it’s no wonder – she booked her first campaign with the brand at age 3. We captured her in New York, but model Cami Morrone will always call the City of Angels home. Here, she lets us into her world and shares a little of that California sunshine. 
“L.A. is home. Forever. But Buenos Aires, Argentina, is where my family lives, so I consider that home as well.”
 As the daughter of Argentinian actress Lucila Sola and model Maximo Morrone (think 90s Versace campaigns), you could say the business is in her blood. On off-duty days Morrone channels her energy into her website, covering travel, health and style. “My website is my space that I control,” she explains. “I write all the content and take most of the pictures. I write exactly the same way I would speak to my best girlfriends.” “My personal style changes and I know that’s so cliché to say … Really, most of the time I’m in black.” 
“The most fun I have is when I’m with my family or my girlfriends … I travel a lot so it’s nice to be in one place with the people you enjoy.”
 PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck @ ABTP Agency
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Cami Morrone @ IMG
HAIR Joey George @ The Wall Group using Oribe
MAKEUP Tobi Henney using L’Oreal Paris
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANTS Hose Cedeno, Lubo Golic and Adam Stanley  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   ELLERY SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Whether fuchsia or blush, neon or rose, pink snuck into the SS 17 collections. Think feminine à la Altuzarra or turn on the rebel charm as at Ellery. Try on our selects from HELMUT LANG, VALENTINO, GUCCI and STUSSY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Henrik Purienne for Lack of Color SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      An ode to endless Californian summers of times past, Lack of Color’s latest offering echoes one word: free. Photographed by Henrik Purienne in the hills of Los Angeles, the label’s new collection, Canyons, sees hats woven from palm trees alongside signature flat-brimmed fedoras in summer-worthy shades. Let the adventure begin.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Direct from New York Fashion Week, we’re so ready for this versatile limited edition classic. Hold it tight. BOSS bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT For the troublemakers. Alessandro Michele pays homage to punk’s 40th birthday for Gucci’s Cruise 17 film campaign, shot by Glen Luchford. With actress Vanessa Redgrave in the grounds of Chatsworth in Derbyshire, England, Gucci Cruise commands you to let loose.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Alessandra Ambrosio @alessandraambrosio; Sonia Ben Ammar @soniaitsnotsonia.   They’re more versatile than you think; make like Montana and Alessandra and put thigh-highs on regular rotation. Not just for when the temperature’s low. Try on our picks from JIMMY CHOO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Summer days call for swimwear that works hard for you: durable textiles and cuts that will survive the surf. Enter Tanliines – the minimalist Australian designed and manufactured swim line that donates a percentage of its sales to SurfAid, assisting those in isolated regions. With five styles and five colours to select from, we’re ready to make like Tallulah and take them into the sun.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT It’s Wang’s world, and we all want to live in it. The designer channels the hedonist spirit for his Alexander Wang Autumn Winter 2016 film campaign, shot in Beverly Hills and starring Anna Ewers, Hanne Gaby Odiele and Lexi Boling.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Fossil’s new smart watch is a stainless steel beauty fit for the digital age. Think music control, step tracking, voice activated searching and a touch screen. Baby, be mine. FOSSIL watch  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  ASOS floral cut-out dress.  Heart it races. Welcome the new season in nostalgic lace, feminine cut-outs and playful suiting. For the long days we wish would stay forever. “Dresses not for you? Now’s the time to invest in a signature suit. Pick your print and go bare underneath.” – Billie Iveson, Fashion and Beauty Director 
“Gone are the cooler months and spring is beginning to hit its stride. Opt for a long-sleeved lace dress or go subtle with lace trim detail.”
– Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Madison @ Work Agency
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst @ Work Agency
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Ella Blinco Jury  ASOS cape open back plunge midi skater dress  ASOS metallic jacquard blazer   ASOS BRIDAL lace 3D floral fishtail maxi dress  ASOS beautiful bugle beaded long sleeve skater dress  ASOS jumpsuit with ruffle cold shoulder  ASOS velvet slip dress with lace detail  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13   CHLOÉ SS 17. Gorunway.com.   SS 17 was a garden abloom as everyone from Balenciaga to Ellery rebooted flower power into the modern day. Let the sunshine in. Try our selects from TOPSHOP UNIQUE, RED VALENTINO, TORY BURCH and ZIMMERMANN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: DIESEL SS 17; BOSS WOMAN SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Maastricht, Netherlands.
On the runway: Has walked for the likes of Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Céline and Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci.
Discovered: In Amsterdam.
Playing muse: Made her mark at Slimane-era Saint Laurent.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Bassike’s refined aesthetic travels into the realm of jewellery with a debut seven-piece collection featuring rings and classic studs, unanchored by any one season. Instant essentials.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Look closer. The finer details of Pierpaolo Piccioli’s first solo collection for Valentino SS 17.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13   LOUIS VUITTON SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Lose a piece of the puzzle. From exposed shoulders to unexpected gaps, SS 17 flirted with new ways to show off subtle and not-so-subtle skin. Try our selects from VERSUS VERSACE, HERVÉ LÉGER, COURRÈGES, DION LEE and BAJA EAST.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Street meets proper. Supreme has collaborated with iconic British label Aquascutum – creator of the trench coat – for a capsule collection of custom-fit waterproof and checkered wear. Hello boys.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Lili Sumner @lilisumner; Roberta Pecoraro @robertapecoraro.   From the seven seas to the street – these off-duty models’ fresh take on the fisherman’s cap has us captured. Try on our pick from FALLEN BROKEN STREET.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A butterfly motif made for the boys. Inspired by the natural world, the GG Supreme bag is not one to be hidden. Buy for a man in your life with the intention of borrowing. GUCCI bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Catch a glimpse backstage at Chanel’s SS 17 show, in the precious moments before the Karl’s girls hit the runway.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   FENDI SS 17. Gorunway.com.   From Mulberry to Burberry Runway, the SS 17 shows proved the merits of a pyjama shirt beyond the bedroom. Get in the mood with our selects from VALENTINO, BURBERRY RUNWAY, NATALIJA, ERES and CARINE GILSON.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: ROCHAS SS 17; SONIA RYKIEL SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Hails From: Byron Bay.
On the runway: Walked for the likes of Gucci, Christian Dior and Sonia Rykiel for SS 17.
Off-duty: Is also a singer and songwriter.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14      Patchworked paisley and gingham prints in muted tones played alongside denim overalls and ponchos for Acne Studios’ SS 17 collection. Cat Stevens crooned, “it’s a wild world”, and this is what we’d wear to take it on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com Paris nights and days. From 80s power players to the romantic dreamers, these are the moments to remember. Bring it back to me. SAINT LAURENT
The first show under new creative director Anthony Vaccarello. Saint Laurent SS 17 introduced a fresh take on vintage. 80s revival. JACQUEMUS
Inspired by Provence. An array of puffy sleeves, straw hats, exaggerated shoulders and belted waists for Jacquemus SS 17. Party girl. ROCHAS
The colour palette of artist Erwin Blumenfeld, plus a dash of floral. A modern version of the 40s silhouette. LEMAIRE
Fresh pops of colour with shirts, skirts and slip dresses layered up. Say it with flowers. DRIES VAN NOTEN
Splashes of floral print, black patent leather, balloon sleeved blouses and wide leg jeans. LANVIN
Tailoring for the female form. Fluid pantsuits and draping dresses were accented with feather collars, sequins and beads on the Lanvin SS 17 runway. Moon walker. MAISON MARGIELA
A futuristic nod to streetwear. Texture, tartan prints, belted waists and trench coats for the Margiela woman. EMPORIO ARMANI
Refined tailoring. Pyjama-style dressing, soft silks and elephant prints. Smooth operator. It’s iconic. SONIA RYKIEL
Freedom. The first show since Sonia Rykiel’s passing saw a finale tribute to the designer and her signature sweaters. ALEXANDER MCQUEEN
Girl and the sea. Inspired by the Shetland Islands, Alexander McQueen saw knitted patchwork, sheer ruffles and heavy floral embroidery take to the runway. The living is easy. HERMÈS
True to the trends of PFW, Hermès SS 17 saw 80s silhouettes and pops of colour. Easy sophistication. GIAMBATTISTA VALLI
Feminine touch. SS 17 went free and soft with floral motifs, lace and ruffles. Hall of fame. SACAI
Fashion is a passion. A tribute to the likes of Jimmy Hendrix and Kurt Cobain. GIVENCHY BY RICCARDO TISCI
Release the fire. Red, orange, brown and pink bursts flowed through the Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci SS 17 collection. Nature’s woman. Falling slowly. VALENTINO
Romantic bliss. From shades of pink to layers of silks, ruffles and lace, Valentino SS 17 continued to dream under the leadership of Pierpaolo Piccioli. CÉLINE
Draped or oversized, from free-flowing to structured. The Céline SS 17 woman knows her stride. Nine to five. BALENCIAGA
Boxy proportions. From large oversized bags to broad shouldered trench coats, Balenciaga’s grand gestures keep rolling through for SS 17. ACNE STUDIOS
Caftans, patchwork, a mixture of prints and draped knits. Cultural traveller. Power players. OFF-WHITE
 Off-White SS 17 saw pinstripe shirts, branded tees, pops of red and plentiful cool-girl vibes. BALMAIN
Earthy tones, soft chiffons and high slits intended to show a softer Balmain woman. Cut out jumpsuits, satin draped dresses and sheer layers. It’s a jungle out there. Make your mark. STELLA MCCARTNEY
No leather, no fur. Stella McCartney SS 17 saw voluminous oversized proportions, balanced by corsetry details and cinched waists. HAIDER ACKERMANN
A variety of metallic tones made way for neon pink, electric yellow and hyper orange. I am woman.  CHRISTIAN DIOR
We should all be feminists. Inspired by the art of fencing, the Christian Dior SS 17 collection was the first under new creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri. Quilted silhouettes, soft tulle and intricate lace. LOEWE
Creative director Jonathan Anderson presented an earthy rendition of gathered necks, free-form dresses, balloon sleeves, patchwork and soft leather. All that she wants. ISABEL MARANT
Marant’s take on clothes for the every day. Billowing sleeves, floral prints and high-waisted pants. CARVEN
The new classic. Bejewelled belts and contemporary floral prints, along with transparent apparel. Stay with me. CHLOÉ
Chloé girls do it better. Pleated, layered and floral dresses flowed down the runway. A love affair. KENZO
Party girls. Sequin mini dresses, patent leather and statement earrings. An 80’s update. Tough love. ELLERY
Dark and romantic with a new era in Ellery silhouettes. For the strong woman. ELIE SAAB
Disco girls danced the runway for Elie Saab SS 17. Silk gowns, party dresses, sequins and flares. Night fever. Switch on. CHANEL
Intimate technology. Crystal tweeds, vibrant silk prints and feminine floating dresses took to the runway for Chanel SS 17. MIU MIU
Glamour girls at the beach. Swim caps, printed bikinis and terry toweling robes. Feels like summer. Light the way. LOUIS VUITTON
Carefully placed cut-outs, tailored pants and 80s glamour for the Louis Vuitton girl of SS 17.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow. SPONSORED CONTENT 1/16       You make my dreams come true. Featuring bright velvets and lamé in colours inspired by the artist Erwin Blumenfeld, creative director Alessandro Dell’Acqua delivered a fantastical SS 17 collection for Rochas. Party dresses for all occasions.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Washed out. Crisp tailoring meets a tonal palette for COS’s Guggenheim exclusive collection, inspired by artist Agnes Martin. PHOTOGRAPHY Mason Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Marie Everth @ Priscillas
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using M.A.C
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Ben Butcher  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7      Something special. The latest offering from Ginia RTW allows customers to customize their signature silk pieces with limited edition appliques. Think floral motifs, stars and personal monograms. Freedom in choice.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow.   Poets, rebels and thinkers: these were the inspirations behind designer Kym Ellery’s SS 17 collection. The result was dark and romantic, with new volumes and brave silhouettes. Here, we go backstage with the girls who embodied the vision.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Like trawling through your mother’s jewellery box, Holly Ryan’s Resort 17 collection takes us back to the golden years. Layered hoop rings and heirloom necklaces – inspired the 70s – are mixed and matched with chunky ear cuffs and Ryan’s signature Minimalist hoops for a collection that feels like home. We’ll stick with these babies for a thousand years.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/17      Everybody loves the sunshine. Vionnet’s SS 17 collection was a lesson in harnessing good vibrations; with rainbow features and cut-off denim complementing gauzy pleats and embroidered suiting. Feels so good.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Jordy Murray @j_murr; Frederikke Sofie @frederikkesofie.    Take flight. Seek shade from the rays like Bella or spice up your opticals like Frederikke with an aviator update. You can be my wingman any time. Consider our selects from RAY-BAN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Sophie Koella @sophie_koella; Matilda Dods @matildadods.   Bowie’s girls and Pink Floyd fans; these off-duty models know how to rock away on their free days. Feel the music. Try on our pick from URBAN OUTFITTERS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Sun, salt and skin. SIR the Label’s Resort 17 collection journeys through the stark desert landscape of California. Photographed by Brydie Mack, the untamed surrounds complement simply feminine silhouettes in shades of pure white, muted olive and sandy peach. Set my soul free.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: ALTUZARRA SS 17; MICHAEL KORS SS 17. Gorunway.com.   Scouted: In the Cheesecake Factory St. Louis, Missouri by the same agents who discovered Karlie Kloss.
Obsessions: Anime and manga.
The debut: Christian Dior Haute Couture AW 12, the first show presented by Raf Simons for the house of Dior.
The moment: The decision to cut her own fringe to mimic that of an anime character propelled Hartzel’s career, attracting the attention of Hedi Slimane.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   CHLOÉ AW 16. Gorunway.com.   A girl can do what she wants to do and that’s what I’m gonna do. AW 16 saw the resurgence of the punk maiden with leather, rips, head-to-toe black and a rebel attitude. A wardrobe equal parts Joan Jett and Patti Smith. Consider our selects from JUNYA WATANABE, UNDERCOVER, R13, MCQ ALEXANDER MCQUEEN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      All is free flowing. KITX’s new offering pours geometric shapes into fluid silhouettes. Crushed velvet and layers upon layers of draped silk. Twist and turn.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/17      Marni girls do it better. RUSSH favourites Charlee Fraser and Jess PW take us backstage for a lesson in this season’s voluminous tailoring. High impact.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/16      RUSSH girls Mali Koopman and Teddy Quinlivan worked feminine silhouettes and tactile fabrics for Blumarine’s romantic SS 17 collection. Sweet disposition.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway Italy’s finest. From baby doll sweethearts to architects and tropical dreams, we round up the best of Milan Fashion Week. Fluid movements MISSONI
From clean cut stripes to soft organic lines – it was all about colour blocking with those signature knits and prints at Missoni SS 17. SALVATORE FERRAGAMO
Sculptural forms to refined tailoring, Salvatore Ferragamo SS 17 embraced pops of colour and delicate floral prints. A journey of love DOLCE & GABBANA
Dolce & Gabbana’s SS 17 collection tells a story of Tropico Italiano with prints, embroidery, embellishment, lace and so much more. MARNI
Extra baggage. Marni’s SS 17 collection saw tailoring move away from the body with extended sleeves, oversized shirts and draping. Outer reaches JIL SANDER
Tailoring with an edge. Jil Sander is all about the shoulders, lengthy sleeves, oversized shirts and airy trousers for SS 17. BOTTEGA VENETA
Always and forever. Bottega Veneta celebrated its 50th anniversary with caramel pleated skirts, crocodile prints, quilted leather and a guest appearance from Lauren Hutton. Summer tan TOD’S
Leather revamped. From the classic jacket to leather t-shirts and trenches, culottes and skirts; Tod’s SS 17 collection featured classic cut shapes in olive, tan and prints. VERSACE
Inspired by the present and future, Versace took a spin on sports luxe with leather bomber jackets, lightweight nylon jumpsuits and checks. Motorcycle diaries. Young hearts GIAMBA
Soft, tonal hues mixed with textures of ruffles and frills, prints and lace. Freedom in movement. SPORTMAX
Read between the lines. Sportmax SS 17 was all smooth sailing with voluminous coats and jackets, oversized linen pants and fine knit dresses. Toughened up DIESEL BLACK GOLD
In soft, neutral hues, Diesel Black Gold SS 17 touched on feminine silhouettes with a utilitarian edge. GIORGIO ARMANI
Soft layering and fluid draping characterised Giorgio Armani’s SS 17 collection in a cool meditation on the female form. Girls, girls, girls MOSCHINO
Inspired by Valley of the Dolls, Moschino’s cut-out collection exuded seduction. PRADA
Feathery highlights. A mixture of prints and overlaying sheers, Prada’s SS 17 woman has a future so bright. Colour screen EMILIO PUCCI
Hello summer. Emilio Pucci’s SS 17 offering infused signature rich colours with soft drapery and graphic prints. MAX MARA
Inspired by architect and designer Lina Bo Bardi, Max Mara SS 17 brings forth powerful palm prints, nylon bomber jackets and jumpsuits. In the jungle. She’s eclectic FENDI
Quirky girls. Fendi SS 17 brought an array of stripes, pyjama silks and baroque prints. ROBERTO CAVALLI
 Gathering inspiration from Greece and Ibiza, Roberto Cavalli showed off flared bottoms and fringed jackets fit for another 70s throwback.  Textures at hand NO. 21
From lace netting to embroidery and knits, No. 21 touched on dark and light colour. Femininity redefined. GUCCI
A dark and sultry runway for Gucci SS 17. Tiered evening dresses, embellishment and sparkle on display. Lust at first sight.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow SPONSORED CONTENT 1/25      Bring me a higher love. Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini’s The Blue Lagoon-inspired SS 17 collection gave us whimsical knits, printed sweetheart dresses and enough layers of lace to have us dreaming of our next summer escape. We catch a glimpse behind the scenes with Bella, Lineisy and more.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   BALENCIAGA AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Normcore decedent. AW 16 witnessed endless shades of camel, with designers from Hermès to Proenza Schouler adopting a neutral palette. Get a taste with our picks from ASHISH, JOSEPH, WON HUNDRED and MARNI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/14      Feel the sun on your skin. Merlette is for the girl accustomed to balancing life between the city and beach, late nights and early mornings. Sydney-born designer Marina Cortbawi founded Merlette in New York this year with the modern traveller in mind – resulting in a collection of refined feminine shapes with contemporary ease.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones The ultimate investment for festival season. We’ve got a soft spot for this wide-brimmed beauty. BALLY hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Technicolour world. Solange Knowles takes us on a street-level tour of NY in Michael Kors’ AW 16 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: CREATURES OF THE WIND AW 16; JULIEN DAVID AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Nickname: Pops.
Off-duty: You’ll find her painting and reading.
On the runway: A RUSSH favourite for some time now, Okotcha made her runway debut for SS 16.
Playing muse: She’s walked for Chloé, Alberta Ferretti, Giamba, Vivienne Westwood and Marques’Almeida.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Smooth, simple and oversized. Jac & Hugo have us mesmerised with their bold take on minimal. JAC & HUGO rings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Michelle Ouelet @kissser; Julia Bergshoeff @juliabergshoeff.   From castings to date night, loafers are the ultimate go-to for take-me-anywhere transportation. Go with classic black for the everyday, white when you’re feeling adventurous – and there’s no looking past Gucci’s signature mules. Get your fix with our pick from MIMCO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Practical luxury. Two iconic brands, Apple and Hermès, come together to forge a new hands-free way of thinking. The Apple Watch Hermès launches in stores today.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: MAISON MARGIELA AW 16; XIAOYAN LI AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Any shade you like. In bold silhouettes and daring prints, lavenders and mauves made an impact on the AW 16 runways. Pay tribute to the Purple One. Try our selects from GUCCI, ROBERTO CAVALLI, VETEMENTS, ROLAND MOURET and VICTORIA BECKHAM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Max Mara’s Grace Jones-inspired tailoring meets Dion Lee’s play on classic. Essential suiting fit for languid days and electric nights. “Max Mara rewrites the script with a star part for Miss Grace Jones, a self-fashioned icon who knows all there is to know about working the dynamic between masculine woman and feminine man. Miss Jones championed razor sharp tailoring, and so does Max Mara.”
– Max Mara “Tailoring is a strong way to dress up an outfit … It’s nice to play with different proportions using long line jackets and pants.”
– Johnny Schembri – designer, BY JOHNNY “Each of our collections has a tailored element, reinventing classic styles with the brand’s signature. There is focus on precise construction details, cut for a modern woman in the finest merino wool fabrications.”
– Dion Lee, designer PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Madison @ Work Agency
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst @ Work Agency
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Ella Blinco Jury  THE KOOPLES Jacket  THE KOOPLES pants  THE KOOPLES jacket  SANDRO pants  BY JOHNNY jacket  BY JOHNNY pants  DION LEE jacket  DION LEE pants  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Gorunway.com London calling. From daisy chain girls to creatures of the night, we round up the best of London Fashion Week. Bring her flowers. PAUL SMITH
Inspired by artist Hilma af Klint, Paul Smith SS 17 combined daisy prints and soft silhouettes. Fashion quirks. MULBERRY
Silk striped blazers and separates at Mulberry SS 17. Pyjamas for all the time. Cutting shapes. PETER PILOTTO
A collaboration with artist Francis Upritchard, whose work made its way onto Peter Pilotto’s SS 17 offering via brightly bejewelled patches. TOPSHOP UNIQUE
Remember the 80s. Zebra prints, fuchsia tones and patent leather set a punk tone for the inner club girl. All the girls and boys. BURBERRY RUNWAY
The first see now, buy now collection for Burberry Runway SS 17. From denim to cashmere to pyjama silks, SS 17 is both masculine and feminine, casual and dressed-up. MARY KATRANTZOU
Hit by a wave of tessellating shapes and ancient Greek motifs, Mary Katrantzou’s SS 17 pieces were abundant with optical illusions. Cult movement. PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI
Frills and ruffles, coloured metallics, dark and light, Preen by Thornton Bregazzi channeled punk and goth vibes with a floral touch. VERSUS VERSACE
Stand to attention. Frayed denim, touches of khaki and a plethora of leather made up Versus Versace’s new uniform. Not that innocent. SIMONE ROCHA
Sheer ruffles, lace and embroidery on signature dresses paired with utilitarian gumboots for SS 17. J.W.ANDERSON
A mash of vibrant colours and mismatched shapes. Energy runs wild. Piece by piece. CHRISTOPHER KANE
Printed iconology, the glimmer of embellishments and, of course, glamourised crocs – inspired by Britain’s ‘make do and mend’ sentiment of the Second World War.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Libby Gray SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      All nature’s children. The calm, collective mood of Simon Miller’s SS 17 collection was brought to life in a lush oasis in New York City’s East Village, surrounded by marble walls. Textural and sculptural, but with no sense of constriction, Miller’s pleated skirts, roped knitwear, oversized shirts and pants in crinkled silver were a celebration of form, accessorised by cult favourites like the Bonsai bucket bag. Zen out.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Victoria Zschommler High rise, late nights and early mornings. Living for the city. PHOTOGRAPHY Victoria Zschommler
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
PROP STYLIST Danielle Selig
PROP STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Rory Carter  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   1205 AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Turn up the volume. From Céline to Ellery, wide leg pants flowed free for AW 16. Come for the aesthetic, stay for the comfort. Try on our selects from CHLOÉ, THE ROW, STELLA MCCARTNEY and VETEMENTS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones The best of boyish. Endlessly comfortable with take-me-anywhere appeal, a moccasin makes for the perfect companion. Just add a platform for a twist on the classic. TOD’S shoes  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Street kids, girl gangs and modern romance. New York Fashion Week at its finest. COACH 1941
From leather varsity jackets to studs and fringing, Coach 1941’s SS 17 show presented a visual assault of hardened girl-gang biker-punk vibes counterbalanced by sheer lace in moody tones. Go big or go home. HOOD BY AIR
With creativity in spades, Hood by Air’s underground aesthetic was on full display for SS 17 with streetwear cornerstones in various states of deconstruction. ALEXANDER WANG
Young and restless for Alexander Wang SS 17. Bikini tops, board shorts and deconstructed shirting all for the taking. The Wang squad is stronger than ever. I am woman. PRABAL GURUNG
Silk dresses, leather pants and printed tees for Prabal Gurung’s SS 17 collection, inspired by Gloria Steinem’s My Life on the Road. PROENZA SCHOULER
A multitude of cutouts in bright primary colours playfully combined with the pleats, knots and ties for Proenza Schouler SS 17. Soft touch. VICTORIA BECKHAM
Decedent peppermint and lilac crushed silks made way for shimmering all-velvet looks and plunging necklines at the Victoria Beckham SS 17 show. A new take. 3.1 PHILLIP LIM
Models walked the runway fluttering in petals for 3.1 Phillip Lim SS 17. Floral prints with injections of denim and colour pops of yellow. Artful reflection. DION LEE
A play on light. Toying with the concept of outerwear, Dion Lee SS 17 was bold and oversized, complemented by minimalist shades. ZIMMERMANN
Young romantics. Lace was layered upon tulle and tassels complemented prints to express a more is more mentality for Zimmermann SS 17. All you need is love. MICHAEL KORS
 Vivid floral prints and ruffles toned back with black, white and navy tailoring for Michael Kors SS 17. ALTUZARRA
“I wanted something that felt happy, joyous, flirty, and fun.” Python prints and ruffles and figure-skimming shapes for Joseph Altuzarra’s SS 17 offering. So fresh. OSCAR DE LA RENTA
A modern romance was told at Oscar De La Renta SS 17 as models paraded summer dresses and evening gowns through the iconic Morgan Library. JEREMY SCOTT
All about the 80’s. Jeremy Scott’s SS 17 show was a psychedelic mix of neon colour and graphic prints. Rated X. Seasons change. RAG & BONE
A collection suitable for any time of year. Rag & Bone SS 17 saw baggy jeans, oversized sweaters and floral printed dresses. DKNY
Oversized tailoring and luxe activewear collide for the next chapter in the label’s streetwise uniform. DKNY SS 17 posed questions for the future. Move with me. TOME
Signature shirting and black white prints were with injected bursts of colour for Tome SS 17. Just add ruffles.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: NINA RICCI AW 16; SALVATORE FERRAGAMO AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Purmerend, Netherlands.
The debut: At just 14 for Prada SS 15.
Playing muse: A Louis Vuitton runway favourite, she’s been tapped for Dior, Gucci and Calvin Klein campaigns and photographed by the masters: Paolo Roversi, Patrick Demarchelier and Mario Sorrenti, among others.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      There is beauty in the eye of the storm. With the circle and sphere playing muse, 32.4’s SS 16 collection, Mayhem, offers 11 new limited edition styles – all fine-tuned fusions of strength and delicacy. Shot by David Adams in London, where 32.4 has extended its residency along with that in Sydney, Mayhem holds true the label’s focus on form, function and finish. A perfect harmony.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Barwerd van der Plas SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      The new guard. Italian luxury jewellery house Bvlgari has enlisted Lily Aldridge as muse for their latest campaign, photographed by Mario Testino. Chosen for her natural embodiment of ‘Roman opulence’, Aldridge follows in the footsteps of fellow ambassador Carla Bruni Sarkozy as the face of the brand’s global campaigns for 2017. Here, we go behind the scenes with Aldridge for the making of the 2016/2017 campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   ERDEM AW 16. Gorunway.com.   I like the way you move. Ruffles took centre stage for AW 16 with collections injecting feminine flair fit for a Spanish escape. Try our selects from MSGM, CHLOÉ, GOEN J and REFORMATION.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Roos Abels @roosabels; Teddy Quinlivan @teddy_quinlivan.   Take me anywhere. From Georgia May Jagger to Teddy Quinlivan, these model muses make a strong case for the compact shoulder bag – best worn cross-body when you’re on the move. Consider our pick from TOM FORD.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A clever take on the tote. Get creative with the Maple, made with detachable features in contrasting leather. MULBERRY bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Bec Lorrimer Dream days on city sidewalks, they’re best spent in denim. The world was spinning and she was right there with it. PHOTOGRAPHY Bec Lorrimer
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Abby Williamson @ IMG
HAIR Carolyn Riley using Oribe
MAKEUP Grace Ahn using M.A.C
DIGITAL OPERATOR Nick Barr @ Capture This
SET DESIGN Kate Stein
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Willy Ward
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Leonard Diga  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Nothing but blue skies and lazy days on roads to nowhere. Wrangler’s SS 16 campaign film takes us there.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Evan Schreiber SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Set in motion. Dion Lee SS 17 stayed true to the label’s signature sumptuous minimalism, with forms derived from the art of opposition. Lee continues to inspire and create in collaboration with jewellery label Sarah & Sebastian, this time extending his play on kinetic sculpture and overlapping shapes. Here, we go behind the scenes for show time in the designer’s adopted hometown of New York.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   BALENCIAGA AW 16. Gorunway.com.   All wrapped up. From Marc Jacobs to Chanel, AW 16 brought pussy bow blouses into the present. Try out our selects from SEE BY CHLOÉ, BALENCIAGA, GUCCI and GIVENCHY BY RICCARDO TISCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones There’s a quiet storm, and it never felt this hot before. Drawing inspiration from a young Sade’s signature hoops, these gold-plated classics have us feeling the love. MEADOWLARK earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Inspired by the notion of metamorphosis, Strateas Carlucci presented their AW 16 Menswear collection, IMAGO, at Paris’ Australian Embassy in June. Here, in celebration of the collection’s release in stores, the label takes us back.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: CÉLINE AW 16; CHLOÉ AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Discovered: On The Netherlands’ I Can Make You a Supermodel.
The beginning: Made her debut at Prada SS 14, and has been in high demand ever since.
Off-duty: You’ll find her reading, cooking and playing guitar.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  MARRIMEKKO top; MIMCO earrings and bracelets. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price She waits where the light is, in the treasures she won’t let go. Reminds me, baby, of you. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Charlee Fraser @ IMG
HAIR Madison Voloshin using R+Co and Alan White Anthology
MAKEUP Joel Phillips @ Vivien’s Creative using M.A.C
DIGITAL OPERATOR Alex Tracey
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Leif Prenzlau
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Chloe Kelly All Mimco available at David Jones. RUSSH FROM THE ARCHIVES: FIND IT HERE  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Masculine or feminine, it doesn’t matter. In soft tan suede with that signature silver ring, they keep our love for mules burning. DORATEYMUR shoes from East 43  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  CALVIN KLEIN bodysuit; ORGANIC BY JOHN PATRICK skirt from My Chameleon; RELIQUIA earrings (worn throughout). PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Talk the talk. From the Calvin Klein classic to Romance Was Born’s sweet nothings, the best slogan tees come with a dose of personality. “If large scale prints are too overpowering, a simple and subtle logo is all that’s needed. Or opt for a clean front and logo on the back.”
– Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant “Nineties vibes or 70s child. Pick your mood and build from there. With a vintage logo there’s no wrong move.”
– Andrea Tchacos, Features Editor PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Zoe Willim @ IMG
HAIR AND MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency  ÊTRE CÉCILE t-shirt  ROMANCE WAS BORN t-shirt  CUE skirt  ANNA QUAN pants  CUE jacket  NOTHING jumper  CUE pants  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The next movement. Drawing inspiration from Dada art, Sarah & Sebastian’s video for new collection, Pendel, sees model Noam Frost dramatically adorned, with violin accompaniment from Molly McCoy.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   DKNY AW 16. Gorunway.com.   For the love of laces. From Alexander Wang’s gothic mood to Christian Dior’s delicate touch, these are the boots that won’t slow down. Try on our selects from PAULA CADEMARTORI, STELLA MCCARTNEY, DOLCE & GABBANA and MIU MIU.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Anna Kolding @annakoldiing; Helena Vestergaard @helena.versergaard.   Tomboy turned feminine. Kia, Anna and Alexa are embracing this 90s childhood staple for a look that feels brand new. Try our overall picks from REFORMATION.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones  Gold on gold, the Popoche bag adds the ultimate spark to an all-black outfit. For bright days and boogie nights. JÉRÔME DREYFUSS bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Red is an attitude, and Christian Dior’s expression is iconic. Natalie Portman gets down to James Brown for Rouge Dior.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   RODARTE AW 16. Gorunway.com.   From birdcage veils at Gucci to playful florals at Dolce & Gabbana, AW 16 made the case for embellished headwear on every occasion. Take your pick of our selects from RED VALENTINO, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN, FLEET ILYA and MISSONI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: TOMMY HILFIGER AW 16; DIOR AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: The Netherlands.
The debut: At age 20, exclusively for Louis Vuitton AW 15.
End goals: Aspires to be an art director or fashion editor.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I’ve been feeling lonely forever. Today is the first day that I haven’t been feeling that.” Directed by Crystal Moselle (The Wolfpack), the twelfth instalment of Miu Miu’s Women’s Tales celebrates female friendship and belonging through the eyes of its skateboarding protagonist Rachelle. Ride on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Freeze frame. Filmed by Karl Lagerfeld and fronted by Willow Smith, Chanel offers a behind the scenes look at their AW 16 Eyewear campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones One for the neck, wrist, bag or hatband. Wherever it’s tied, this starry satin silk scarf has a place in our hearts. Come into my world. 66 THE LABEL scarf  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Made for movement. A.P.C.O.V – the latest design collaboration between Outdoor Voices and A.P.C – has us dreaming of dancing in fields of green.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      On a sunny day in Silver Lake, CA, musician and photographer Korey Dane captures Lera Pentelute far from the beach – eating peaches and soaking up those California rays in Australian label, PALM Swimwear. Falling shadows highlight clean lines and modern silhouettes in the sweetest of collaborations. Mutual love.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Martha Hunt @marthahunt; Taylor Hill @taylor_hill.   Make like Martha, Charlee and Bella and let your t-shirt do the talking. Whether it’s a vintage classic or a statement that speaks to you, now’s the time to wear your heart on your sleeve. Try on our logo pick from KENZO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Against cool stone and black leather, models Luna Bijl, Damaris Goddrie, Ophelie Guillermand, Jordy Baan and Kit Butler offer a behind-the-scenes view of the Emporio Armani AW 16 collection, captured by Lachlan Bailey in Milan.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   GUCCI AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Girl, we couldn’t get much higher. Ultra-feminine or embellished with edge. AW 16 brought focus to sculptural collars and accessories for the neckline. Consider our selects from MSGM, ELLERY, SAINT LAURENT, STELLA MCCARTNEY and PETER PILOTTO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT In Puglia the sun shines even when the temperature begins to drop. Escape to idyllic Southern Italy with photographer Theo Wenner and the #Chloégirls – Frederikke Sofie, Michi Kat, Ellen de Weer and Sofie Hemmet, for the label’s AW 16 campaign. Bohemian like you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Crafted in soft Italian leather with 90s vibes we can’t resist, the Hobangle bag finds quirk in contrast. A-ESQUE bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Not like the others. Enamoured by the raw appeal of Australian opals, the designers behind James & Irisa were inspired to show the stone – and others – in a whole new light. This was the spark that ignited the Melbourne-based label, resulting in a delicate, modern and forever covetable meeting of the elements.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Secret garden. Etro takes us behind the scenes and into the woods with Heather Kemesky, Frederikke Sofie, Marcel Castenmiller and Elias de Poot for the brand’s bohemian AW 16 campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: TORY BURCH AW 16; VERSACE AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Scouted: Eating meat with ketchup at a grill festival in her native Estonia.
Playing muse: Has faced campaigns for Gucci, Alexander McQueen and Saint Laurent.
Partner in crime: Fellow Estonian Harleth Kuusik.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   SONIA RYKIEL SS 93. PHOTOGRAPHY Peter Lindbergh.   “I have the feeling I’ve always done what I wanted throughout my life.” – Sonia Rykiel Forever an icon. Enigmatic, ungraspable and modern were words on high rotation to describe designer Sonia Rykiel – the petit Parisian with a shock of red hair who “fell into design” in the early 60s. A recipient of France’s Légion d’Honneur who conceived the concept of left-bank chic, the ‘Queen of Knits’ taught us inspiration can be found anywhere, and dresses should be worn with seams exposed “because clothes that are inside out are as beautiful as a cathedral”. With news of Rykiel’s passing at age 86, we celebrate her legacy.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Actor, musician and son of Mick Jagger and Jerry Hall, rock royalty James Jagger reveals his style influences and the sounds that get him dancing for Jimmy Choo’s AW 16 Men’s campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Rock ‘n’ roll train. Filmed in Paris, Mica Arganaraz and Louie Johnson embody the dark spirit of Diesel Black Gold’s AW 16 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  ANNA QUAN dress; SARAH & SEBASTIAN necklaces (worn throughout). Soft silks and fluid silhouettes. From Georgia Alice’s gathered layers to Silk Laundry’s twist on the classic, these are the slip dresses to wear over and under, again and again. 
“The lightness of silk means it will always be one of the most comfortable pieces in your wardrobe. This bias cut dress is an essential investment piece with endless possibilities.”
– Katie Rackley – founder, Silk Laundry
 
“I picture this dress being worn when hopping off a plane in a hot place, the heat hits you and the adventure begins. The ruching adding texture whilst also offering the ability to select length, the thin straps a delicate vibe – perfect for walking along where the ocean meets the sand.”
– Georgia Currie – designer, Georgia Alice
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Zoe Willim @ IMG
HAIR AND MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency  MM6 MAISON MARGIELA top   ORGANIC BY JOHN PATRICK dress from My Chamelon  LEE MATTHEWS top  JAC+ JACK dress  JAMES AND IRISA ring  JAMES AND IRISA ring  SILK LAUNDRY dress  CUE top  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   ALEXANDER WANG AW 16. Gorunway.com.   A nod to the 60s. AW 16 brought a wave of monochrome stripes, prints and checks, plus mod silhouettes. Twiggy would be proud. Consider our selects from BALMAIN, TOPSHOP UNIQUE, TOMAS MAIER and DSQUARED2.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Mirror image. With twin sisters Lia and Odette Pavlova playing muse, this AW 16 campaign explores the innate strength and softness of the Mulberry woman.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Rose Smith @rosesmith; Caroline Brasch Nielsen @caroline_brasch.   Not just for French girls. Make like Langley and Caroline and put striped tops on high rotation. Try on our pick from M.I.H JEANS.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT In denim and leather at West Hollywood’s legendary Troubadour nightclub, Rosie Huntington-Whitely encapsulates the rock ‘n’ roll spirit of Paige’s Fall 2016 collection. Catch a glimpse backstage and behind the scenes.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   COACH AW 16. Gorunway.com.   For the wild ones. The moto jacket received a sizeable showcase on AW 16 runways, from slim-fittings at Alexander Wang and Courrèges to large and layered at Balenciaga and Coach. Time to ride. Consider our selects from GIVENCHY BY RICCARDO TISCI,
FREE PEOPLE, VALENTINO and R13.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Hand-crafted in Venice from supple leather, we’re all about the Superstars’ worn-in vibes. Run free. GOLDEN GOOSE sneakers  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Femininity meets simplicity. Art meets fashion. The mind behind Melbourne-based jewellery brand By Nye tells us she travelled to Egypt and “spent the next two years watching television draped in jewels” to dream the label into fruition. Whether or not that’s true, we’re entranced by this collection of handmade creations, photographed by Jesper Hede, of which no two pieces are the same.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT All hail the new dawn. Shot by Mario Testino at the Walker Gallery, Liverpool, get a taste of Burberry Runway’s new Orlando-inspired collection, arriving September 19.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   EMILIO UNGARO AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Hometown: Sint Nicolaasga, Netherlands.
The debut: Saint Laurent’s SS 15 campaign, shot by Hedi Slimane.
In demand: Walked 60 shows for AW 16.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Under a Sicilian sun, set against the otherworldly monument of Il Grande Cretto of Gibellina, Bottega Veneta’s Art of Collaboration initiative continues for AW 16 – this time via the photography of Viviane Sassen. Space oddity.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Something in the way she moves. Glimpse behind the scenes with Georgia Fowler for The Face. SEE THE SHOOT  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Yeah, she’s got a face for the world. Set in the Surry Hills recording studio The Preatures have made their own – seen up close in our Rhythm issue – the film for I Know A Girl plays like the best kind of home video.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  FRAME DENIM top; PROTAGONIST skirt; TIFFANY & CO. bracelet. PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck The one we can’t look away from. At first glance we’re hooked on those long limbs and eyes that transfix. New Yorked-based Georgia Fowler plays our current muse with bee-stung lips and perfectly tousled bed-head locks. Photographed by Max Papendieck over a warm Fourth of July weekend, Fowler opens up to RUSSH about her morning rituals and why home will always be by the ocean. “I ‘live’ in New York, but home will always be where the beach is near and my family is.” Discovered at the age of 16, this New Zealand native, whose friends would describe her as “goofy”, first made her international mark on the Chanel runway and relocated to New York five years ago. No longer a new kid to the city, she’s attuned to the local ways – her mornings don’t begin ’til she’s had “coffee …  and another coffee”. 
“If I’m not working, it’s at a café on top of the newspaper, followed by a workout. Otherwise it’s a French press at home before I race out the door.”
 A style chameleon, Fowler is adept at matching her wardrobe to her mood. As striking in a black Ellery slip dress as she is in jeans and a white t-shirt, she’s equal parts sultry and down-to-earth. “Some days I like to dress boyish, other days I love a girly dress.” “Usually I keep it classic, denim, suiting or leather pants with a button down shirt or classic tee.” PHOTOGRAPHY Max Papendieck @ ABTP Agency
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Georgia Fowler @ IMG
HAIR Jenny Kim @ M.A.P using Pure Hair Food
MAKEUP Morgane Martini @ The Wall Group
DIGITAL TECHNICIAN Kate Field
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANT Hose Cedeno
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Léonard Diga SEE THE FACE IN MOTION  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   Away from the shadows the world is ours. Mica Arganaraz returns, alongside Luca Lemaire, for Sandro’s lo-fi AW 16 campaign film, set at the picturesque Deauville resort on the Côte Fleurie.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   ALEXANDER WANG AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Something like a phenomenon. From the streets of New York to the runways in Paris – AW 16 saw the hoodie take over. Try on our hooded selects from VETEMENTS, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN, C&M CAMILLA & MARC and MOSCHINO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Handcrafted from solid gold, the En Pointe bangle’s sharp curves have our full attention. Not like the others. NATASHA SCHWEITZER bangle  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      We saw it in the sky. In 2016 Meadowlark presents its latest offering, Stratus. Crafted with the celestial sphere in mind, the range features four distinct fractions – Taboo, Halo, Bolt and Star. Shine on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Heart to heart. Tiffany & Co.’s #LoveNotLike campaign, photographed by Cass Bird and starring Pyper America Smith, Fernanda Ly and Imaan Hammam, celebrates the Return to Tiffany Love designs.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Directed by Gracie Otto and starring Charlee Fraser, Mimco’s Mistress Elemental takes us to the heart of the desert. We’re not sure we want to come back.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   From left: Tess Angel @tess_angel; Camilla Christensen @camillaforchhammer.    Get your inspiration here. Worn with a delicate touch like Georgia or punk rock à la Alexa, the choker trend is sticking around. Try on our pick from GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Kym Ellery is lending her talents to the optical world. Part of a range exclusive to Specsavers, these gold cat eye frames are a 50s spin on ultra modern. ELLERY glasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   PROENZA SCHOULER AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Hit rewind. Another one from the 90s, the pinafore dress received a modern update for AW 16 with monochrome tones, feminine silhouettes, plunging necklines and a mixture of lengths. Try our pinafore selects from COMME DES GARÇONS, ELLERY, JILL SANDER and ADAM LIPPES.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT My summer fling. In classic cuts and fruity textiles, Stella McCartney’s AW 16 Swimwear campaign has us dreaming of a sun-drenched Amalfi Coast.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13      Founded by creative director Josephine Dahlin, Swedish label Deitas presents a selection of timeless staples in couture-quality http://www.onlinepharmacytabs.com silk, launching exclusively to Stylebop.com. It’s smooth sailing, and we’re right on board.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: MIU MIU AW 16; CHANEL AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Shandong, China.
The debut: SS 09 London Fashion Week.
An education: Studied fashion design at Suzhou University.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Alice McCall SPONSORED CONTENT 1/15      A dress up box of collectables: the type you wish your mother held onto. Lindsey Wixson embodies Alice McCall’s new collection, photographed by Emma Summerton, of nostalgic silhouettes and romantic fabrics, aptly titled Between Us. Here, we go behind the scenes and into the dream with Polaroids shot by the designer herself. You’re my playground love.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Never tear us apart. Shalom, Kate and Amber in knee high boots and luxurious tailored coats. Need we say more?  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones The daisy chain, all grown up. A bouquet of signature motifs in white, pink and yellow gold, this adornment pays delicate tribute to the flower child in you. LOUIS VUITTON necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      All about the girl. Shot in New York by Matteo Montanari, J Brand’s AW 16 collection draws inspiration from the early 90s. And with French singer and songwriter Lou Doillon playing muse, there’s no looking past the woman, the denim and that je ne sais quoi.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  BY JOHNNY top; LOUIS VUITTON earrings. PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Intertwining metals create opulent shapes and fine silhouettes. This season, the best statement earrings are those that grab attention in the most modest of ways. “For a great pair of large hoops that are not overpowering, more delicate metal is the perfect way to go.” – Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant “Statement earrings don’t always need to be a pair. An interesting, architectural shape can be worn on one side as the hero.” PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Logan Crosby @ Priscillas
HAIR AND MAKEUP Corinna Whilmshurst @ Work Agency  DINOSAUR DESIGNS earring  DINOSAUR DESIGNS earrings  NATASHA SCHWEITZER earrings  GUCCI earrings  LOUIS VUITTON earrings  NATASHA SCHWEITZER earrings  NATASHA SCHWEITZER earring  BALLY earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT High energy and bursts of neon: Sunflower Bean’s film clip for their recent single, Come On, is a lesson in live performance.
Right now I’m on the edge of my seat.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   PREEN AW 16. Gorunway.com.   More than a feeling. AW 16’s tactile trend found form in floor-length dresses at Hermès and layered new proportions at Céline.
However you wear it, take satin to the streets. Try on our selects from MAJE, HANSEN & GRETEL, GUCCI and ELLERY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      The beauty lies in the detail. Anna Quan’s collaboration with jewellery label Alighieri is an exploration of organic shapes,
juxtaposed against clean lines and sharp tailoring. A creation of modern heirlooms.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: Atty Mitchell @attymitchell; Irina Djuranovic @irinadjuranovic.   Make like Lara, Taylor and Yasmin and put your game face on. The 90s classic baseball cap is back and keeping things casual. Batter up. Support your team with a cap from New Era.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The ocean, sleeping in, clean white sheets. RUSSH faces Bridget Malcolm and Natasha Liu Bordizzo, along with Jordan Barrett, Zoe Barnard and Xavier Samuel, share with Country Road their ultimate simple pleasures.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Ryan Brabazon SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Summer days under a Moroccan sun – She Made Me’s Resort 17 collection, Les Jardins, takes us there. Photographed by Ryan Brabazon, and featuring signature hand-crocheted swimwear in sun-bleached tones of blush, orchid and olive, Les Jardins has us yearning for the simple pleasures.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Say it’s forever. Tod’s celebrates eternal style with their AW 16 campaign, Timeless Icons. Featuring the likes of Jean, Twiggy and Jane – Tod’s new classics are paired with portraits of women we could never forget. Legendary aesthetic.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   CHLOÉ AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Embrace your poetic side. AW 16 introduced soft blouses in monochromatic tones, combining ruffles, high necklines, and dramatic sleeves. To thine own self be true; choose the accent that speaks to you. Consider our selects from STELLA MCCARTNEY, ZIMMERMANN, MARNI and CHLOÉ.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
   
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT A fresh take on the classic travel wallet, the Bueno is the ultimate take-away to the European summer or streets of NY. Bon voyage. OROTON bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT This is our generation. Models and collaborators Steffen Grap and Karo Rose take to the streets of Berlin for the Gucci’s #24HourAce film project.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   From left: CHRISTIAN DIOR AW 16; ANTONIO BERARDI AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Russia.
The debut: SS 15 Paris Fashion Week.
Look twice: Odette has an identical twin sister, model Lia Pavlova.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6      Every stitch interconnects. The Knitter’s self-taught founder, Nicole Leybourne, hand-makes each of her pieces, taking days at a time.
The newly introduced Mr. Ribbly turtleneck gives form to 100 per cent soft and ethically-sourced wool. Like waves they flow.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Collage and animation collide in artist Rita Zimmermann’s interactive take on Gucci’s Ace sneaker. Game on.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      It’s the dead of summer in Austin, Texas. Hard-wearing boots coated in yellow dust. Soft leather on burnished skin. Tussled suede, tousled hair,
cold drinks and long nights in steamy dive bars. She’s a midnight cowboy in Understated Leather and she’s one helluva stud.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   An update on the classic. Get acquainted with black suede and gold metal detailing. Soft to the touch. MON PURSE bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Spell it out. Guinevere van Seenus embodies Sies Marjan’s debut collection, available online at Matchesfashion.com.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   From left: VALENTINO AW 16; NO.21 AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Get creative with your winter cover-up. AW 16 saw the rise of collaged knits. For the eccentric in you. Try on our selects from ALTUZARRA, CHLOÉ, VALENTINO and MISSONI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson Soft silhouettes, smooth to the touch. Shimmering gold, she waits patiently. Sheer love. PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Bianca @ Chic Management
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst @ Work Agency  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Back to nature. Artist Prue Stent takes Gucci’s Ace sneaker to Joshua Tree, California – a landscape reminiscent of her native Australia – for her surreal take on Gucci’s film project, #24HourAce.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Marga Esquivel @marga_esq; Masha Skokova @m.a.r.y_116.   Check, tartan and so much plaid. These off-duty models know how to rock the print. Think Corey Mason in Empire Records. Nineties vibes for now. Try on our plaid pick from GUCCI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      A blank canvas for Alessandro Michele, the Pre-Fall 16 Ace sneakers are adorned with symbols the Gucci creative director has made his signature. Bees, fish, stars and thunderbolts all make an appearance – marking the sneakers as collector’s editions. Run free, run wild.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  SANDRO top; BALLY skirt. PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce We’re all about the classics, but this season’s leather goes much further.
From Bally’s mod offering to Gucci’s soft mid-lengths, the leather skirts to shop now are those you can make your signature. “To soften an other wise tougher look, pair your leather skirt with a silk top or printed shirt. Bring out the balance.” – Ellen Presbury, Fashion & Beauty Co-ordinator “The best leather skirts don’t always have to be black. Navy, khaki, tan – find your color and fit to your shape.” PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Logan Crosby @ Priscillas
HAIR AND MAKEUP Corinna Whilmshurst @ Work Agency  BURBERRY top  KATE SYLVESTER skirt  MARCS top  EQUIPMENT shirt  MARCS skirt  BURBERRY shoes  BALLY skirt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Apocalypse now. Prada’s AW 16 campaign film features 27 models – Freja Beha Erichsen, Julia Nobis and Lexi Boling among them – against a backdrop of moody skies and constellations.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   CHANEL AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Whether channelling old Hollywood glamour or preparing for the elements, AW 16 brought a new lease on gloves.
Long, knitted, leather and lace. Make hands the focus. Try our selects from ALEXANDER MCQUEEN, GUCCI, CHANEL and BOTTEGA VENETA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      Created in 1967, the Levi’s 505 jean took centre stage during the 70s NY punk rock scene; worn by the likes of Debbie Harry and the Ramones, it became the unofficial stage-jean. Now, Levi’s introduces the 505C, a customised and modernised rendition for the rollers of today. You look good in blue.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Against the backdrop of Northern Italy’s Lake Como, Frederikke Sofie stars in Missoni’s cinematic Autumn Winter 2016 campaign.
“I’m waiting. But I’m not waiting to be rescued.”  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: ELLERY AW 16; KENZO AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Discovered: At a modelling competition at age 14.
Hails from: Adelaide, Australia.
The face: She’s starred in campaigns for Gucci and Saint Laurent.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT To celebrate Gucci’s iconic tennis shoe, the Ace, creatives from around the world were invited to make a short film using the sneaker as a central theme. Here, South Korean skate prodigy Hyo Joo Ko and her Aces glide through the streets of Seoul atop her retro longboard. Move with me.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Journey to the centre of the mind. Eddie Redmayne plays muse in Prada’s ethereal Autumn Winter 2016 Menswear campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      Inspired by the landscape of Australia’s Snowy Mountains, with a colour palette that reflects the muted tones of Jindabyne at dusk.
Celeste Tesoriero’s SS 17 campaign, Surrender, brings to life the designer’s childhood memories. At one with nature.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   A rounded cone in with black patent shine. Maison Margiela’s sharp-edged diffusion line brings to life a not-so-conventional style. Take me home. MM6 MAISON MARGIELA bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: SAINT LAURENT AW 16; VIVIENNE WESTWOOD AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Bright nostalgia. Extreme shoulders and tiny-waisted dresses boldly paired with ruffles and lace. Madonna vibes were embraced on the runways of AW 16. Dress you up. Try on our selects from SAINT LAURENT, MARNI, EMILIO PUCCI, STELLA MCCARTNEY and GIVENCHY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      New York City limits. Topshop announces Taylor Hill as the face of their AW 16 global campaign, lensed on NYC rooftops by Giampaolo Sgura.
Girl we couldn’t get much higher.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   From left: Amanda Söderberg @amandasderberg; Alexandra Elizabeth @alexandraelizabethljadov.   Bare feet and dusty grass. These models are revisiting the 70s archives – think Lauren Hutton in Little Fauss and Big Halsy.
The hip hugging, leg-lengthening silhouette is a fixture in their wardrobes and in our hearts. Run wild. Try on our flared favourites from ELLERY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Featuring RUSSH girl Evelina Milward, Lazy Colts’ film clip for their latest single Twenty Two is a dreamy ode to the heady days of first love.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: ALTUZARRA AW 16; PETER PILOTTO AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Pass the scissors. Dramatic edges went to new lengths for AW 16, proving there are no rules when it comes to the hem. Consider our selects from GIVENCHY BY RICCARDO TISCI, PORTS 1961, PROENZA SCHOULER and CHLOÉ.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Inspired by the West, a flat brim brings an understated edge to this vintage classic cowboy hat. Saddle up. LACK OF COLOR hat  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT With 80s-style synths, through a Lynchian lense, Seekae’s Alex Cameron projects a distinct aura for his latest single, The Comeback.
“I been in showbiz long enough, you need to wait your turn. Wait your turn like me.”  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT New York, I love you but you’re bringing me down. Alexa Chung stars in her own short film for AG Jeans, filmed on location at the James Hotel.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   From left: PRADA SS 16; MISSONI AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Hometown: Costa Mesa, California.
Scouted: Grocery shopping with her mum.
Debut: SS 16 for Proenza Schouler and Marc Jacobs.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/17   BALENCIAGA SS 17. Gorunway.com.
Unfitted jackets were the theme for Balenciaga SS 17 Menswear. Expanded silhouettes and cinched waists. Shoulder charge.
   Let’s hear it for the boys. The looks that captured us at Men’s Fashion Week SS 17.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Fendi’s By The Way cross-body bag takes a softer approach to grunge with black leather flowers and silver hardware detailing. ‘Cause he’s a tough lover. FENDI bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT With the feel of something found on a dug-up VCR, Jagwar Ma’s film for their recent single, O B 1, journeys through forests, pastel-hued beaches and virtual highways. You warm me up, you wore me down, I get the feeling now.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   PRADA AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Legs for days. AW 16 saw bold and bright, print and patterned stockings. On the runway Prada gave us classic opaque diamonds,
while Balenciaga introduced candy cane stripes. Think Edie Sedgwick and make them a signature. Try out our selects from ZIMMERMANN, WOLFORD, ASOS and VOODOO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Adwoa Aboah @adwoaaboah; Rosie Huntington-Whiteley @rosiehw.   The return of the hoop. Worn with a messy up-do or paired with a 90s graphic shirt, these off-duty models are bringing big earrings back. Find our new favourite hoops at Natasha Schweitzer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Sven de Vries can’t fight the beat in the latest Boss Menswear AW 16 video campaign, where modern silhouettes meet iconic textiles. Live to the rhythm.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Cosmic gold with an ultramodern twist. Your new statement necklace from Christian Dior. CHRISTIAN DIOR necklace  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   LIBERTINE AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Bedazzled and then some. Everything from appliqué to bejewelled sparkles and sequins. Blazers shimmered on the runway as collections turned artful for AW 16. Try on our embellished selects from MOSCHINO VINTAGE, DOLCE & GABBANA, MCQ ALEXANDER MCQUEEN and PREEN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Mario Sorrenti SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      For 20 years Agent Provocateur has been designing iconic lingerie for women. Lensed by Mario Sorrenti, the AW 16 campaign sees former RUSSH cover star Abbey Lee Kershaw play their modern muse: all minimal beauty laced with delicate detail. Smooth operator.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Valery Kaufman, Ine Neefs, Ming Xi and James Rousseau embody the spirit and playfulness of Ferragamo’s Autumn Winter 2016 campaign. Catch me if you can.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   From left: ELISABETTA FRANCHI AW 16; DOLCE & GABBANA SS 16. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Perth, WA.
Scouted: At the Big Day Out.
Alter ego: Jessica Picton Warlow.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Armed with a Super-8 camera, London-based photographer Laura Coulson took to the road with Florence + The Machine to capture the magic of the band’s How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful tour.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Ground control to Major Tom. These rose-coloured sunglasses from Karen Walker are space oddities of the best kind. KAREN WALKER sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Anna Harrison     SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      The owl: searing eyes, dappled feathers, haunting nocturnal presence, and artist Anna-Wili Highfield’s latest obsession. Her 3D animal sculptures are all about capturing the energy, movement and essence of the enchanting creatures they represent, and now they’re wearable. Highfield is offering limited edition, locally printed silk scarves based on her beloved owl motif to be replaced next year by another of her furred or feathered muses. Get in quick – available through her website.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT 5 SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   CHANEL HAUTE COUTURE AW 16. Gorunway.com. Chanel’s Haute Couture AW 16 show saw the entire staff of the ateliers work seamlessly in the background while models walked the runway. A collection that pushed the boundaries of silhouette and proportions.   Dream days. We round up the visionary moments of Haute Couture AW 16.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   Courtesy of Alexander McQueen.   With a shared love of British nature and wildlife, Alexander McQueen creative director Sarah Burton and photographer Jamie Hawkesworth set out on a journey north to capture the label’s AW 16 collection. Featuring Mica Arganaraz, the campaign is celebration of ethereal beauty and a fresh tribute to McQueen’s beloved Scotland.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  ALTEWAI SAOME jumpsuit from My Chameleon; CARLA ZAMPATTI top. PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce More than just a 70s throwback, the jumpsuit is on an elegant elevation. From free-flowing lines to tailored renditions made for layering – whatever your direction, it’s all for the taking. “The juxtaposition of utility and frivolity of this blue denim jumpsuit means I can wear it anywhere and feel fun and comfortable – what more could I ask?”
– Bianca Spender, designer “The design aesthetic behind the jumpsuit stays true to the signature SIR style with a focus on modern minimalism and classic feminine silhouettes.”
– Nikki Campbell – director, SIR the label PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Evelina Milward @ Priscillas
MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst @ Work Agency
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Yasmin Warner  ALTEWAI SAOME jumpsuit  VIKTORIA + WOODS jumpsuit  G-STAR RAW jumpsuit  CARLA ZAMPATTI jumpsuit  JAC + JACK top  CARLA ZAMPATTI top  JAC + JACK top  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   Ophelie Guillermand @ophelieguillermand.   From Camille and Constance to Ophelie and Estelle. We salute the model masters of je ne sais quoi in honour of Bastille Day.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/7   GUCCI AW 16. Gorunway.com.   From Dries Van Noten to Burberry Runway, AW 16 explored old-school texture with a brocade bent. Why don’t you come with me little girl, on a magic carpet ride?  Try on our brocade selects from GUCCI, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, YVES SAINT LAURENT VINTAGE and MARCO DE VINCENZO.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Original city slickers. Coach stays true to the American dream in its AW 16 campaign, shot by Steven Meisel. Shearling coats and varsity jackets lend signature street smarts to soft tea dresses, as worn by Rianne van Rompaey, Caitie Greene, Janiece Dilone, Sandra Schmidt and Jing Wen. See our friends, see the sights, feel alright.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: Briet Olina @brietolina; Tina Veshaguri @tinaveshaguri.   Rippling in silver or blue as the night. Kiki and Mateja, Lexi and Valentina are giving AW 16’s velvet trend their own soft touch. Try on our velvet select from ISABEL MARANT ÉTOILE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Step up and settle into the Miu Miu Club with Adwoa Aboah, for the label’s Cruise 17 presentation.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Golden chains and hearts exposed. Gucci has us swooning with another quirky twist on a classic, the GG Marmont Leather Shoulder bag. You’ve got to show me love. GUCCI bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11      Handcrafted in a small village in Japan, no two pairs of jeans in bassike’s new denim collection are the same. From the roughed-up washes you never knew you needed to the essential cuts you’ve been looking for, they’ll be yours only. Find the SS 16 denim collection in store and online from July 14.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Hermès presents its first-ever pre-collection, Cruise 17 – a new ready-to-wear chapter in brand’s 179-year history. Silk midi dresses, linen suits and signature leather in multiple incarnations – woven trainers, roman sandals and bright two pieces – offer strength in subtlety. For the sidewalk safari.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   BURBERRY RUNWAY AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Channel your inner Penny Lane and live in the moment – or in this case, the 70s. AW 16 explored shearling coats in neutral tones and textures. Hold me closer. Try our selects from ACNE STUDIOS, BALENCIAGA, BURBERRY RUNWAY and NOUR HAMMOUR.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: ALEXANDER WANG AW 16; MICHAEL KORS AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Hails from: Philadelphia, PA.
Scouted: At a New York flea market.
The big break: SS 15 Fashion Month.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Behind the seams. The stitches, sequins and finer details of Chanel’s Autumn Winter 2016 Haute Couture collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      Bringing new life to the visual e-commerce experience, Jacquemus reveals the e-store campaign for its AW 16 LA Reconstruction collection. The shoppable shoot features a minimal theatrical set and reflects the true Jacquemus aesthetic. Worlds collide.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Fire in the disco. Chanel’s mirror ball-esque earrings are worn to be seen. CHANEL earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   BURBERRY RUNWAY AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Girls in uniform. AW 16 took a military turn with bold brass buttons at Burberry Runway, while Prada reported for duty in strong shoulders and khaki tones. Try our military selects from BURBERRY RUNWAY, WITCHERY, SAINT LAURENT and RECLAIMED VINTAGE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I wanted to show different types of beauty, without barriers.” Captured by Peter Lindbergh through his iconic black and white frame, Giorgio Armani gives a behind the scenes glimpse of brand’s AW 16 campaign, New Normal.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   Ophelie Guillermand @ophelieguillermand; Teddy Quinlivan @teddy_quinlivan.   Think Pink Ladies for now. Track team meets speed racer. With a little help from Gucci, our model muses are rebooting the classic that is the bomber jacket.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12      She’s a rebel. Karen Walker has fashioned an ode to the independent woman for her Cruise 2017 collection, Mujer. Juxtaposing masculine and feminine details, the collection features voluminous men’s shirting, camouflage prints, ruffles and splashes of Walker’s signature denim.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      For the 90s nostalgics among us, adidas Originals is bringing the ultimate revival. Promising an every-second-day alternative to those well-worn Stan Smiths, the brand is rehashing it’s 90s Gazelle sneakers (a heavier take on the 60s originals). They’re the kind you might have worn to a warehouse party back then, that will look right at home with your favourite suiting for the here and now. Adding to the appeal is a collaboration with Kate Moss and digital artist Doug Abraham of BessNYC4, who lends his signature edge to a ’93 shot of the supermodel wearing her Gazelles for adidas Originals’ new campaign. The Gazelle is available online now, with new colours to be released in September.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   CÉLINE AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Bella Donna. The return of dramatic sleeves has us dreaming of Stevie Nicks. Whether long, ruffled or belled at the cuffs, AW 16 kept volume close at hand. Consider our selects from ELLERY, CHLOÉ, MARNI and ROKSANDA.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Bright lights, big city. Director Glen Luchford perfectly captures the wild spirit and energy of youth in the campaign film for Alessandro Michele’s Gucci AW 16 collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Georges Antoni SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      Home to our favourites – from Balenciaga to Ellery – luxury retailer Harrolds presents its AW 16 collection campaign, starring Annabella Barber. A curated celebration of rich tones and strong silhouettes, it’s a winter wardrobe for the fearless. Give me the night.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10      Mod girls can’t be beat. Vanessa Moody leads the pack in the new Prada Mod SS 16 special Eyewear Collection campaign. All fresh and fearless takes on classic 60s shapes, the collection is available now at Prada stores and selected retailers worldwide. Get on that night train.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Out of this world. Bruce Weber captures the Louis Vuitton heroines in Series 5 – the new campaign film for the house’s Autumn Winter 2016 collection, from the mind of creative director Nicolas Ghesquière.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: CHANEL AW 16; CHLOÉ AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Born and raised: In the Netherlands.
The debut: Opening Prada SS 13.
Star sign: Virgo.
Fame: Walked the most catwalks of SS 14 – 66 in total.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “I picked some girls, and I picked some boys, they came in and I dressed them up and I sent them out.”
Raw and real, young and modern. The only way Marc Jacobs knows how.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/18      Worlds collide. Creative director Alessandro Michele and photographer Glen Luchford reunite for Gucci’s Autumn Winter 16 campaign, shot on the streets of Tokyo. Starring a collection of Michele’s muses – Petra Collins, Polina Oganicheva and Lia Pavlova – moving languidly between teahouses and pachinko parlours in Gucci’s electric AW 16 designs, the images capture the beautiful chaos of the city. Cherry blossom girls.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The wait is over. Almost 16 years after their dreamscape debut, Since I Left You, The Avalanches have unveiled their sophomore album, Wildflower. It’s been described as “The Beach Boys’ Smile reimagined in the Daisy Age”. But why not take a listen and decide for yourself? Out July 8, the record is available to stream exclusively on Apple Music from July 1. In the words of Ariel Pink, “The rumours are true”.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Inspired by none other than New York City, this fine bracelet from the Tiffany T collection is intended for layering. The rest, it’s up to you. TIFFANY & CO. bracelet  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Cool rider. Following the success of her capsule collections with AG Jeans, Alexa Chung returns as the new face of the brand, fronting their AW 16 campaign shot at the Wythe Hotel in Brooklyn. Pyjama-style button-ups meet relaxed denim for the brand’s seasonal offering – consider your weekend in the city wardrobe sorted.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  EQUIPMENT shirt; LOUIS VUITTON skirt, LUCY FOLK earrings (worn throughout). PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce Classic lines we could never look past. Wear them any way that feels right. Relaxed and oversized, tailored and sharp. Nonchalantly tucked or all tied up. And the living is easy. 
“This trend has a tendency to always stray simple. We love shirts with interesting cutouts to bring out subtle hidden skin and eye for detail.” – Billie Iveson, Fashion & Beauty Director
 
“The best combination is all about the right mix of materials. We love that perfect amount of edge, so wear your cotton-striped shirt with a leather skirt. Or for a different take, pair a silk striped shirt with a fuller skirt.”
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Evelina Milward @ Priscillas
MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst @ Work Agency
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Yasmin Warner  VALE DENIM shirt  BASSIKE pants  LUCY FOLK earrings  DION LEE shirt  EQUIPMENT shirt  LUCY FOLK ring  BY JOHNNY skirt  EMPORIO ARMANI skirt  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: CHANEL AW 16; BALENCIAGA AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Shimmy shimmy ya. The sequins of our childhood dreams are all grown up for AW 16. Try on our selects from EMILIO PUCCI, PARKER, ASOS and ROBERTO CAVALLI.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Can’t fight the rhythm. RUSSH girl Abbey Lee holds the beat for sass & bide’s Fall/Spring 2016 campaign film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Move your body, I wanna be your muse. Julia Nobis embodies the Christian Dior woman for the house’s Autumn Winter 2016 campaign, lensed by Steven Meisel. Form and function take centre stage with tactile pieces, shifting in motion. Harness your energy.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Sweet fantasy. Claudia, Eva, Naomi, Kate and Amber are resplendent in butterfly print on Gianni Versace’s Spring 95 runway.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dancing on rooftops under the sunset. Blood Orange’s soulful new video for Augustine is a tribute to New York City in the summertime. What better way to support the surprise release of his new album, Freetown Sound, out now.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      Welcome to the garden party. Carnations, roses and the iconic snake motif inhabit the dreamlike Gucci Garden, an exclusive Women’s Ready-to-Wear collection from the mind of creative director Alessandro Michele. Brought to life by a new print, reminiscent of an oil painting from another time, the collection holds true to Michele’s signature Gucci silhouettes with pleated ankle-length dress, a zip-up bomber jacket in silk twill and a reversible V-neck cardigan. You’ll also find a highly covetable printed mule, low-top sneaker and Dionysus bags.
The collection is available exclusively online from July 5. A midsummer night’s dream.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   From left: Ida Dyberg @ida_dyberg; Jamilla Hoogenboom @jamillahoogenboom.   For the love of Margot Tenenbaum. These off-duty models are proving the cooler months are more fun in vintage-look plush jackets. Try on our faux fur pick from Stella McCartney.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “It’s difficult when you fall in love with things, letting them go … it’s brutal and it’s beautiful.” In this Matt Dempsey-directed short film, Australian artist Anthony Lister opens up on his creative impulses, what defines art, and the power painting wields.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   DKNY AW 16. Gorunway.com.   A sizeable change to sportswear. AW 16 brought a puffer jacket trend complete with volume, draping and quilted details. Be my embrace. Try on our selects from BURBERRY BRIT, MOSCHINO, MONCLER and WITCHERY.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
   
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Raw cuts. Starring A$AP Rocky and Larry Clark, this is Dior Homme Autumn Winter 2016 in action.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: ELLERY AW 16; CHRISTIAN DIOR AW 16. Gorunway.com.   The girl from: Newcastle, NSW, Australia.
Scouted: On Facebook.
That bob: Created by hairstylist Guido Palau just before the Alexander Wang AW 16 show.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Shalom Harlow is centre stage for Alexander McQueen’s SS 99 dramatic runway finale. Relive the iconic moment.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Bruce Weber SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      East Coast rays and Ghesquière’s golden girls. Louis Vuitton’s heroines journeyed to Miami for the Bruce Weber-photographed Series 5. Block colour meets signature leather and sportswear vibes in the AW 16 campaign, an extension of the Spring Summer-centric Series 4, also lensed by Weber.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones A modern take on a vintage shape. These Bailey Nelson shades have us in a summer frame of mind. Everybody’s gone surfing. BAILEY NELSON lenses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Picture this: French-American beauty Camille Rowe perched atop a retired plane, wearing nothing but a pair of Rag & Bones for the brand’s 2016 Photo Project.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   CHLOÉ AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Not quite like Little Red. Precise, authoritative cuts fit for adventure. A heroic flair for AW 16. Throw on our selects from GIVENCHY BY RICCARDO TISCI, BÚL, WITCHERY and BIANCA SPENDER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT On Parisian streets, Kenya Kinski-Jones debuts as a new face of Stella McCartney’s POP fragrance.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Smith With geometric shapes and mod lines, the Amulette de Cartier would be right at home around the neck of a young Twiggy or Anna Karina. But this is a talisman for now and forever. Featuring diamonds, opal, lapis lazuli, malachite, mother-of-pearl and onyx, the pieces are finished with a padlock.
Closer, closer says love. All jewellery CARTIER from the Amulette de Cartier collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT My kind of town. Bruce Weber helms Versace’s black and white AW 16 video campaign, taking the house’s Men’s and Womenswear collections to the streets of Chicago.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT You can go your own way. Luna Bijl and Filip Hrivnak take to the streets of Barcelona for Armani’s SS 16 campaign.
Add tousled hair and a structured timepiece for maximum effect.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Rianne Van Rompaey @riannevanrompaey; Aymeline Valade PHOTOGRAPHY @micarganaraz.   It’s the time of the season. Layered up or all on their own, rollnecks are a staple Steffy, Rianne and Aymeline have in common.
This neutral take from Balenciaga will have you covered.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Bally channels 70s disco with an Alpine lean for its Men’s Spring Summer and Women’s Resort 2017 collections. Burn baby burn.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2      Gangs of New York. Former RUSSH cover star Julia Nobis fronts Riccardo Tisci’s AW 16 campaign for Givenchy. It finds Nobis standing defiantly among her tribe on NY streets, lensed by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott and styled by Carine Roitfeld. Leader of the pack.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8   From left: CHLOÉ AW 16; JASON WU AW 16. Gorunway.com.   An extended take on an old faithful. Patterned or plain, but always oversized, leather coats got a rock star welcome on the AW 16 runways. Shop our leather selects from ACNE STUDIOS, DONNA KARAN NEW YORK, BOUTIQUE MOSCHINO, LISKA and CÉLINE VINTAGE.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  AGENT NINETYNINE top, LEVI’S jeans.  PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price Better with age. The denim we’re coveting feels like it’s been worn for years. Oversized and scuffed or a tailored take on old school cuts. Say it’s forever. 
“Why are we still searching for those just-right jeans? Right now we want a deep blue – crisp, not dirty at all – with a straight, cropped leg that almost replaces the tailored pant. Made for sneakers or an elegant ankle strap.” – Natalie Petrevski, Fashion Assistant
 
“When the weekend rolls around, all we want to do is ease into our worn-in old faithfuls. Just the right slouch and a ripped knee that reminds us of past misadventures.”
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Ilana Cox @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using M.A.C
STYLIST’S ASSISTANTS Sabrina Santiago and Anna Leary  ONE TEASPOON jeans  ORGANIC BY JOHN PATRICK t-shirt  AGENT NINETYNINE top  BASERANGE bra  AGENT NINETYNINE top  INSIGHT jeans.   TRENERY jeans.   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Stars in her eyes. Behind the scenes with Freja Beha Erichsen for Max Mara’s SS 16 campaign film.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: ALEXANDER MCQUEEN AW 16; RODARTE AW 16. Gorunway.com.    Real name: Alexandra Hand.
Scouted: At age 12.
The debut: Opening Prada AW 15. 
  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Power suits and pure indulgence. Back in 1986, French actress Carole Bouquet took a road trip for the iconic Chanel No 5.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT “Everything changed in the blink of an eye.” Mesmerising and bittersweet, Oscar-nominated French-Turkish film, Mustang, tells the story of five sisters on a coming-of-age journey.  Have I been used? I don’t do this for you. Singer-songwriter Didirri takes us behind the scenes and through the filmmaking process for his latest video, Blue Mood Rising.  Photographer Victoria Zschommler presents her new exhibition of still life captures, About A Day (Diurnal Rhythms) this Friday at Melbourne concept space, At The Above.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5      A league of extraordinary gentleman. A$AP Rocky stars in Dior Homme’s AW 16 campaign alongside an eclectic host of ambassadors.
With each chosen for their unique, rebellious energy, the rapper features beside filmmaker and photographer Larry Clark, French actor Rod Paradot
and Dior Homme favourite Dylan Roques. All hail the new guard.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Actor, writer and director John Turturro talks art and life on the leaf-lined streets of Brooklyn for the Rag & Bone Men’s Photo Project.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Georgia’s on our minds. The Georgia cross body walks the line between modern minimalist and Woodstock attendee like only Chloé can. Take it anywhere. CHLOÉ bag from Parlour X  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/13        A psychedelic new realm for Ellery’s Cruise 17 offering. Fabric anchored in an intrepid twist, where soft silks and velvets coexist with strong Japanese gabardine.
Ruffles, sculptural silhouettes and metallic touches. We’re ready for it all.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12        Inspired by the work of Richard Avedon, Narciso Rodriguez stayed true to his cool, calm aesthetic for Cruise 2017 –
with the unexpected addition of monochrome prints with their roots in Japanese graphics.
Fluid forms and shapes that embrace. Pictures of you.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT On the road. Stuart Vevers’ Women’s Pre-Fall collection for Coach is an ode to the nostalgia of the American frontier.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  TIFFANY & CO. earrings. Intricate beauty, intimately reimagined. This is The Art of Transformation. TIFFANY & CO. bracelet. PHOTOGRAPHY Nick Hudson
FASHION Billie Iveson
MODEL Marine Gaudin @ Fusion Models
HAIR Hiro Watase and Mari Watase @ for Salon 8 using Bumble and bumble
MAKEUP Misha Shahzada @ See Management using La Mer
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Carlos Zevala All jewellery from the Tiffany & Co. 2016 Blue Book Collection – The Art of Transformation.  SEE MORE IN THE MODELS INC. ISSUE – OUT NOW  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Julia Nobis is front and centre for the Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci AW 16 campaign. Walk with me.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   LOUIS VUITTON AW 16. Gorunway.com.     Take inspiration from Loewe and Louis Vuitton and layer on a leather bustier; it’s the way of the future. Shop our selects from FLEUR DU MAL, REBECCA TAYLOR, SASS & BIDE and ALEXANDER MCQUEEN.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Regan Laird @regans_world; Edie Campbell @ediebcampbell.     Anja and Edie, Pyper and Lindsey; they’re embracing retro and proving you’re never fully dressed without a great pair of shades.
Try on our round-lensed selects from Ray-Ban.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Natalia Vodianova celebrates summer with the bright new take on Stella McCartney’s iconic Falabella bag.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   PREEN BY THORNTON BREGAZZI AW 16. Gorunway.com.   She wore blue velvet. We’re feeling the presence of the fabric most luxe for AW 16. Make Isabella Rossellini your muse and try our velvet dress selects from LINE & DOT, HILLIER BARTLEY, JEAN PAUL GAULTIER VINTAGE and MACGRAW.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The Carven SS 16 woman finds joy in solitude behind cool white walls. From where you’d rather be.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Dreaming about Choo. Starring Nadja Bender and shot by Cass Bird, the Jimmy Choo 24:7 collection is speaking our language.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   STELLA MCCARTNEY AW 17. Gonrunway.com.   Birthplace: The Netherlands.
Scouted: At fast food restaurant, Quick.
Star sign: Cancer.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT It’s runway chaos at its most iconic: in honour of our Models Inc. Issue – out now – we’re taking it back with Linda, Kate, Naomi and the class of ’94 for Isaac Mizrahi’s Fall collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Art imitates life in Burberry Prorsum’s new campaign, starring Edie Campbell and Callum Turner, captured by Mario Testino and reimagined by artist Luke Edward Hall.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Come into my world. Choose a constellation and make it your signature. ALINKA rings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The gang’s all here. Joan, Lily and Gigi take us behind the scenes of Stuart Weitzman’s SS 16 campaign, lensed by Mario Testino.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT He’s the man behind Grace Jones’ flat top, Debbie Harry’s punk crop and Freja Beha Erichsen’s signature bangs. The latest muse to the inspiration curators at Semaine, legendary hairstylist Christiaan Houtenbos shares life lessons and a look inside his incredible home in this short directed by RUSSH film editor Sophie Edelstein and narrated by another Dutch icon, former RUSSH cover star Lara Stone.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Lili Sumner @lilisumner; Bella Hadid @bellahadid.    Don’t be afraid to play. Take cues from our model muses and embrace feline touches for a look that’s less jungle boogie, more rock ‘n’ roll.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Neon lights and that certain brand of David Lynch noir set the tone for Gideon Bensen’s Cold Cold Heart video. Let nocturnal desires take hold.  He was the man behind some of the most iconic images of the 60s, capturing moments in time through his celebrity subjects. Following the news of photographer Terry O’Neill’s passing, aged 81, we celebrate the work of a master of the craft.  Gucci sails to warmer climates for its annual Gift Giving holiday campaign. Press play.  From Cornersmith’s Scandi breakfast to the back alley wine bar with the ultimate nightcap – the RUSSH Editors share their go-to brunch, lunch, dinner and disco spots for the weekend.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   TADASHI SHOJI AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Make like Barbarella. Outer space meets feminine sensuality in AW 16’s take on metallic. Try on the trend with our selects from ELLERY, BARBARA CASASOLA, ALEXANDER MCQUEEN & SAINT LAURENT.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Man meets nature. Filmed in South Africa, a horseback-riding Luke Grimes plays muse for Chanel in the latest campaign for Allure Homme Sport cologne.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT PHOTOGRAPHY Les Parfums Louis Vuitton SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9      An invitation to travel. Louis Vuitton have announced their new fragrance to be launched in September 2016 – the maison’s first since 1946. The scent
is infused with notes of Louis Vuitton leather, May rose and jasmine from Grasse – a meeting of past and future that’s become the house’s signature.
Take your suitcases and journey through lands afar.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Today is the 20th anniversary of International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, and we’re turning our attention to those less able to speak out, and those who are doing the work that counts.  It’s no secret that what we put in shows on the outside – so if you want the glow, you’ve got to feed your skin the good stuff. Naturopath Chloe Wilkinson breaks down the key foods for improving skin health.    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/8      The birth of cool. While Kate Moss’ last collaboration with Equipment saw her escape to the wilderness
with Daria Werbowy, this time ‘round she’s teamed up with the brand on a capsule collection for AW 16.
The resulting pieces are quintessential with a rock ‘n’ roll bent – paying tribute to the brand’s archival
prints, 90s nonchalance and the Starman himself, David Bowie.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Réveille-toi. Hermès presents a playful take on Parisian elegance with the addition of polka dots to its iconic silk scarves.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   STELLA MCCARTNEY AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Sharp creases and classic cuts, they’re high on the AW 16 agenda. Make waves with our pleated skirt selects from GUCCI, STELLA MCCARTNEY, MAJE and MSGM.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Runaways and riders on the storm. Valentino pays homage to rock ‘n’ roll’s free spirit in this video for its Rockstud Rolling collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   From left: GIAMBATTISTA VALLI AW 16; DRIES VAN NOTEN AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Grew up: In the Dominican Republic.
Scouted: At an amusement park.
Big break: Becoming a Prada muse.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT We’ll always have Paris. Karl Lagerfeld captures Kristen Stewart in intimate moments of reflection for Chanel’s Paris in Rome 2015/16 Métiers d’Art campaign.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Geometry never looked so good. Adorn your lobes with these modern classics from the Tiffany T collection. TIFFANY & CO. earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3      Combining high craftsmanship with stylistic curiosity, jewellery label Uncommon Matters stays true to its minimalist roots with AW 16 campaign, Momentum Flow.
The creation of trained architect and designer Amélie Riech, the collection reveals a new take on the geometry of curves, engineered for the elegant.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   From left: DEREK LAM AW 16; EACH OTHER AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Françoise Hardy would be proud. The AW 16 runways brought funnel neck sweaters front and centre. Ready to embrace winter (or the trans-seasonal chill)? Shop our turtleneck
selects from GUCCI, BASSIKE, CHLOÉ and TOTÊME.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Kate Moss embodies the rock ‘n’ roll spirit with her new capsule collection for Equipment. With Bowie bolts and tousled hair – no one does cool like Kate.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  TOTÊME coat; BASERANGE top; ASOS dress.
 PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price Bundle up; we’re craving structure, comfort and warmth. Layer upon layer.       VANISHING ELEPHANT coat;
ORGANIC BY JOHN PATRICK dress; JAC+ JACK top.     The new silhouette. Layer oversized and
structured coats with softer pieces.       Keep in shape. Wear coats belted to make your waist the focus.     PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Ilana Cox @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using M.A.C
STYLIST’S ASSISTANTS Sabrina Santiago and Anna Leary  TOTEME coat  ORGANIC BY JOHN PATRICK dress  KENZO dress  MORRISON coat  GANT pants  BASE RANGE top  JAC+ JACK coat  JAC + JACK TOP  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Ithigi Lithigove Yithigou. Directed by Harley Weir, with a cast including Selah Marley and Natasha Lyonne, this short captures Proenza Schouler’s Pre-Fall collection amid
a celebration of the intimacy and idiosyncrasies of female relationships. Talk about love.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   From left: Matilda Dods @matildadods; Steffy Argelich @steffyargelich.    Off the runway, their business is casual. Flared, rolled or ripped at the ankle, there’s no going past the old school appeal of worn-in denim.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/11   PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow.   Backstage at Aje, Madi, Nicole, Katie and Bella caught our eyes in delicate embellishments and tough girl leather, accessorised with lightly messed hair and a nod to the good times. Resort 2017’s ultimate girl gang.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT The year was 1980, and Brooke was Calvin Klein’s ultimate muse – long before Kate and Lara. Press play for pure nostalgia.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3   From left: BURBERRY AW 16; 1205 AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Harvest that autumnal feeling. We’re falling fast for dark classics and dusty browns. Try on our selects from TOTEME, HANSEN & GRETEL, COUNTRY ROAD and ACNE STUDIOS.   She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Strength in numbers. Vanessa Beecroft’s quintessentially stark performance piece for Valentino showcases the androgynous appeal of house’s Rockstud Untitled capsule collection, with the New York Academy of Art as backdrop.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   In the hours after noon, the fading streets of Marrakech form the backdrop to Siblings, a film by Nicole Lily Rose of Rose Coloured World for RUSSH Issue 67, out now.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/10   PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow.   The world according to Georgia Alice is one we want to live in. From androgynous suiting to Y2K-style silver; the Resort 17 collection brought statement-making touches to new wardrobe staples. To covet and to crave.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Not one to pack light, Chloë Sevigny takes a trip for Jimmy Choo with her picks of the label’s SS 16 collection. The road is life.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT  VETEMENTS apron and shirt;
model’s own earring (worn throughout).
 WORDS Andrea Tchacos    PHOTOGRAPHY Cameron Alexander Raw. Free. Feeling it. The collective behind Vetements is lighting a new path with a philosophy born of the streets. The design collective helmed by Demna Gvasalia that we now know as Vetements was born with a collection of standalone pieces for AW 14. It was, and is, streetwear in essence, constructed with a couturier’s consideration; symbols of the everyday made desirable in a way that was unfathomable to most, until now. 
In this world dress codes are irrelevant, as are seasonal themes – a piece from one could just as easily belong to the next.
 The denim: hacked up and pieced together in a DIY style so artful as to necessitate the elimination
of the Y. The boots: with jutting heels inspired by BIC lighters; eccentric yet self-assured, as if imbued with the street smarts of their largely anonymous creators. Each piece is made to be interspersed within an existing wardrobe, effectively reducing waste.
It can easily be interpreted as a commentary on the way we live now, but what’s important is that we’re wearing it. PHOTOGRAPHY Cameron Alexander
FASHION Bridie Gilbert
MODEL Suzi Leenaars @ Rebel Management
HAIR Yumi Nakada-Dingle @ Jed Root
MAKEUP Jenny Coombs @ Streeters using M.A.C
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Yamine Daaboul SEE THE FULL ARTICLE IN THE IMAGINATION ISSUE  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2   From left: CALVIN KLEIN AW 16; ANTHONY VACCARELLO AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Hometown: Sydney, Australia.
Bright lights: Opened for Céline for AW 16, her first international season.
Alter ego: Screenwriting student.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Young hearts run free. Net-A-Porter have released a 20-piece capsule collection designed by Gucci’s Alessandro Michele. Rich hues, eccentric florals and Gucci’s signature whimsy.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/9   PHOTOGRAPHY Ivana Martyn-Zyznikow.   Harmony and opposition. Fluid form and endless tactility. The KitX show celebrated nature’s contrasts. Long lines, soft tailoring, easy construction in yellow, stone and white, the Resort 17 collection has us chasing simple pleasures.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones It’s in the little things. An inspired take on the simplest shapes, the Simon Miller Bonsai Mini Bucket bag from My Chameleon has us dreaming of the 70s. Start paring back your daily essentials, this small wonder is all you’ll want to carry. SIMON MILLER bag  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT WORDS Caitlin Donaldson     “Not something that exists for the sake of aesthetics but something that exists because someone cares about it.” Grimes talks ethical production, friendship and confidence in the latest campaign for Stella McCartney’s Pop fragrance.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: Carla Ciffoni @carciffoni; Marie-Ange Casta @marieangecasta.   When they’re not taking runways in 6-inch heels, these girls know how to get low. Pair sneakers with jeans or a cocktail dress; there are no rules – just make sure you can dance.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/12   PHOTOGRAPHY Sonny Photos.   In a presentation 28 stories above ground, Dion Lee brought a tonal palette enriched with silk organza and Swarovski crystal crochet for Resort 17. The MBFWA show saw Lee team up once again with Sarah & Sebastian, who created glass jewellery in tribute to the collection. Look to the light.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Inspired by the Irving Penn photography commissioned for Issey Miyake in the 80s, this short, created by Thomas Traum, features those iconic pleats rippling like liquid, reflective under neon lights. Something like a phenomenon.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4   OFF-WHITE AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Time to lighten the mood. Baby blues are on high rotation. Pare back with tan as at Y/Project AW 16 or double up á la Off-White. Try on our light denim selects from MARQUES’ALMEIDA, RE/DONE, RAG & BONE and SIMON MILLER.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT ¿Qué bolá Coco? Guayaberas, debutante dresses, fedoras and interlocking Cs were all set against the colonial backdrop of Old Town Havana for Chanel’s Cuba-inspired Cruise 2017 collection. Here, the house takes us behind the scenes on fitting day.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE top and pants. Functionality meets tactility in a high-performance homage to the iconic Calvin Klein silhouette.   Left: CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE bra.
Right: CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE top and tights.       Left: CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE top and pants.
Right: CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE jacket, bra and pants;
CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE top and tights. 
Clean lines, breathable fabrics and 90s-esque styling make an easy transition from street, to gym, to studio.
       CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE bra and tights. CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE top and pants.     
Go lo-fi with soft monochrome tees or the new take on the Calvin Klein bralette. You’ve got game.
       CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE bra and tights. CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE top and pants. PHOTOGRAPHY Adam Bryce
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Ashton @ Work Agency
HAIR AND MAKE UP Teneille Sorgiovanni @ Work Agency using M.A.C. Cosmetics
HAIR AND MAKEUP ASSISTANT Katrina Sue SHOP CALVIN KLEIN PERFORMANCE  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6        With his crystal ball eyes and gallant design sensibilities, creative director Alessandro Michele is taking Gucci to higher planes. Romantic, emblematic and steeped in history, the house’s Pre-Fall 2016 collection is no exception; a chaotic and cluttered wonderland that begs to be captured. And so it was, through the lens of storied photographer Ari Marcopoulos. The result: a limited-edition photobook produced in partnership with Gucci, published by IDEA Books. Epiphany will be available exclusively from Dover Street Market, New York, ’til June 5, followed by a launch and book signing by Marcopoulos in London and Florence on June 12 and 16 respectively.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson JAC+ JACK jacket and top Left: JAC+ JACK coat.
Right: Dress from Zoo Emporium; JAC+ JACK dress. PHOTOGRAPHY Hannah Scott-Stevenson
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODEL Victoria Germyn @ IMG
HAIR & MAKEUP Corinna Wilmshurst @ Work Agency using M.A.C
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Sabrina Santiago SHOP JAC+ JACK  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2   From left: CHANEL AW 16; VALENTINO AW 16. Gorunway.com.   The debut: She first walked for Louis Vuitton SS 15.
Grew up: In Boston, USA.
Alter ego: Full-time art student in Paris.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
   
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT House of Holland’s SS 16 campaign film sees Antonia Wilson take a Hunter S. Thompson-esque trip through sprawling desert.
To quote the gonzo king: there was madness in any direction, at any hour.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/3        Quiet strength, hidden power and beauty found in vulnerability are the notions behind Alighieri’s latest collection. Mismatched earrings, heavy charms and gold cufflinks – all perfect in their imperfection – are made with the wearer’s journey in mind, taking inspiration, as always, from poet Dante Alighieri’s Divine Comedy.  Each piece in the collection, available for pre-order from May 19, is formed through the ancient art of lost-wax casting and rendered in 24-karat gold-plated bronze. I’m yours, you’re mine, like paradise.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Let the rhythm take you over. The colourful choreography at Marni’s Salone del Mobile 2016 presentation – a take on Colombia’s traditional Cumbia dance – sets the pace for the label’s new design collection.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   Dress for your surroundings. These deep red shades from Chanel have us embracing the soft Autumn light. CHANEL sunglasses  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price Left: GINGER & SMART dress.
Right: BIANCA SPENDER jumpsuit; stylist’s own briefs;
JAN LOGAN ring. Left: CHRISTOPHER ESBER dress; JAN LOGAN earrings.
Right: AJE top and jeans; vintage belt; MEADOWLARK ring. Left: KITX top and pants; JAN LOGAN necklace.
Right: CAMILLA AND MARC dress and shirt; MEADOWLARK earrings and ring. Left: GEORGIA ALICE jacket and dress; MEADOWLARK earrings; model’s own necklace.
Right: Model’s own jacket; MACGRAW top and skirt; stylist’s own socks and shoes. PHOTOGRAPHY Adrian Price
FASHION Natalie Petrevski
MODELS Lily Nova and Juliette Perkins @ IMG, Tess Angel @ Priscillas, Anna Nevala @ Chic
HAIR Madison Voloshin using Alan White Anthology and Sachajuan
MAKEUP Joel Phillips @ Vivien’s Creative using M.A.C
DIGITAL OPERATOR Jon Calvert
PHOTOGRAPHER’S ASSISTANTS Alex Tracey and Leif Prenzlau
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Chloe Kelly  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Former RUSSH cover star Sam Rollinson makes a date with the Boy.Friend watch from Chanel.
Handsome, refined, and always on time.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   From left: VETEMENTS AW 16; ALEXANDER WANG AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Highland fling. Balenciaga, Alexander Wang, Vetements and more made plaid a focus for AW 16. Form-fitting or sculpted, loud or neutral, chequered dresses are where it’s at. Try our check selects from MARC JACOBS, BALENCIAGA, WEEKDAY ESTER and MIU MIU.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   LOUIS VUITTON top and t-shirt. Left: PRADA top, shirt and skirt.
Right: BURBERRY PRORSUM dress; GUCCI shoes and stockings. Left: LOUIS VUITTON top, t-shirt and skirt.
Right: CHRISTIAN DIOR dress, top, shorts and shoes. Left: SPORTMAX top; CHANEL skirt.
Right: GUCCI dress, stockings and shoes. CHRISTIAN DIOR dress and top. PHOTOGRAPHY James Nelson @ Company 1
FASHION & BEAUTY Billie Iveson
MODEL Lily Nova @ IMG
HAIR Pete Lennon @ Company 1 using R+Co
MAKEUP Nadine Monley @ Title Artist Management using Chanel
STYLIST’S ASSISTANT Ellen Presbury  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT Perfumer-creator François Demachy leads us on a journey of sweet surrender through the Vallauris region of Grasse, France, to witness the cultivation of the Neroli flower – signature to Christian Dior’s new J’adore Eau de Toilette. We can almost feel that Riviera sun.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/5   Anja Rubik @anja_rubik.     For when the mercury starts to drop. Compact, versatile, and cool since Brando made them so. Make like our muses and keep a leather jacket in your hand luggage.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/6   SAINT LAURENT AW 16. Gorunway.com.   Shimmy to the left. One shoulder dresses made a comeback for AW 16.
Whether leaning to the 80s à la Saint Laurent, or all wrapped up as at Hervé Léger, put your best side forward. Try our one shoulder dress selects by VERSUS VERSACE, ROSIE ASSOULIN, LITKOVSKAYA and J.W.ANDERSON.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/2   From left: RAG & BONE SS 16; BOSS SS 16. Gorunway.com.   At a glance: Those renegade ringlets had us at hello.
Grew up: Just outside of Copenhagen.
Discovered: At a concert.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT   PHOTOGRAPHY Amie Jones Spiralled goodness. These earrings by Reliquia have us feeling like Sandy in Grease, circa graduation. RELIQUIA earrings  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
     Advertisement Advertisement SPONSORED CONTENT SPONSORED CONTENT 1/4      Introducing fashion’s new power couple. Tiffany & Co. has joined Net-A-Porter. Beginning with an edit of Tiffany’s iconic Tiffany T collection – worn so well here by former RUSSH cover star Vivien Solari – it marks the label’s first foray into online retail outside its own channels. Start writing your wish list: the select pieces are available for a limited time.  She’s all-time. A model icon and sustainability pioneer, Vivien Solari, mother of three, is intensely private yet never afraid to bare all in her work. Get to know the face of our 15th anniversary issue.  Whether you’re headed for a summer vacation or just in need of some R&R, treat your feet to a pair of comfortable yet fashionable sandals. Walk it out.  Victoria’s Secret has announced it will no longer be hosting its annual runway showcase. What does this mean for the brand?    +61 2 9293 0999 Level 4, 10 Spring StSydney NSW 2000 ABN: 84 108 828 119ACN: 108 828 119 © RUSSH magazine 2019. All right reserved. Published by Switzer Media + Publishing. About RUSSH | Contact | Privacy Policy
  
  
  
