 Take a look at the new limited edition capsule out now. Take a look at the new limited edition capsule out now. Text: Harshvardhan Shah  Mansur Gavriel has aligned forces to put together a limited edition capsule with London-based artist Marc Camille Chaimowicz, who is a part of the Cabinet Gallery and Andrew Kreps Gallery in New York. The collection honors Mansur Gavriel’s statement pieces with a punchy, retro twist with bright colors and Gavriel’s signature wallpaper designs.   This is the brands first artist collaboration, and also their first time creating bags with pattern designs as opposed to Gavriel’s solid pastel color approach that has made the brand into a cult classic. The bags come in different sizes including a large tote, a top handle rounded bag, the mini bucket bag and the moon wallet. They will be available in three different prints, and in both calf and vegetable leather as an option for vegan customers.    The bags are available for purchase today, April 26 in Mansur Gavriel locations in NYC, LA, and Liberty London as well as their online store.      All proceeds from the collaboration go to Planned Parenthood. All proceeds from the collaboration go to Planned Parenthood. Text: Staff Designer Marc Jacobs and Miley Cyrus have teamed up once more to raise funds for Planned Parenthood. This week, the two unveiled a new, limited-edition, pink hoodie donning the phrase “Don’t Fuck With My Freedom,” a lyric lifted from Cyrus’s song “Mother’s Daughter”. The track is a part of the singer’s recently released album, She Is Coming. The fashionable collaboration is a first look at THE Marc Jacobs collection, which was created in tandem with Cyrus’s Happy Hippie Foundation. In 2016, the two teamed up with visual artist Marilyn Minter on a t-shirt, which similarly supported Planned Parenthood.  The lyrics, though universal, are surely in response to a recent bill in Alabama that further restricted access to abortions in the state. Cyrus has long been a supporter of female empowerment and LGBTQ+ rights. Shortly after announcing this collaboration, she took to Twitter to share a video of what appears to be her being forcefully kissed by a fan, adding the crystal clear message: "She can be wearing what she wants. She can be a virgin. She can be sleeping with 5 different people. She can be with her husband. She can be with her girlfriend. She can be naked. She CAN'T be grabbed without her consent. #DontFuckWithMyFreedom."   Pre-order the hoodie now.  The Brooklyn-born designer perfectly outfits fashion's socially conscious future. The Brooklyn-born designer perfectly outfits fashion's socially conscious future. Text: Stephanie Ge “Pierre.” That’s how you pronounce “Pyer” in Pyer Moss, the brand that’s on everyone’s lips after designer Kerby Jean-Raymond snagged the 2018 CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund award, and the whopping $400,000 prize, last night. Held at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, the Fund's 15th annual ceremony was an autumnal oasis in the rain, with guests like Dylan Sprouse, Karlie Kloss, Kris Wu, and Stella Maxwell gracing a lush, floral step-and-repeat before taking in the nominees' collections inside. A panel of judges including Anna Wintour, Eva Chen and Diane Von Furstenburg assessed the 10 nominees, who were announced in July, based on their SS19 collections. Putting months of anticipations to rest, presenter Emily Blunt announced the two runners-up—Bode’s Emily Adams Bode and Jonathan Cohen—before handing off the grand prize to Pyer Moss designer Kerby Jean-Raymond. As the 31-year-old Brooklyn native behind the Pyer Moss brand (an homage to his Haitian-American mother), Jean-Raymond is known for addressing societal issues and challenging status quos in his utility and street-focused line. Emphasizing color blocks and bold tailoring, the brand is also celebrated for its representation of black culture in America. After working under brands like Marc Jacobs and Theory, Jean-Raymond launched his own brand in 2013, and soon was courting fans from footballer and activist Colin Kaepernick to Issa Rae. Founded in 2003, the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund offers an unparalleled monetary and press boon for young designers. With a slate including Christian Cowan, Raul Lopez of Luar, and Matthew Adams Dolan, this year’s lineup was as competitive, and wide-ranging, as any. As runners-up, Bode and Cohen (known for authentic retro silhouettes and bold, often botanical prints respectively) each took home $150,000, and all 10 are sure to go places; past contenders range from Alexander Wang to Proenza Schouler to Chromat. Of the link between the three top dogs, Wintour echoed fashion’s growing sense of social responsibility. “Their work highlights a high degree of creativity and a deep-rooted commitment to the notion of community. They’re not only a credit to the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund as it celebrates its 15th anniversary, but also to the optimism and inclusivity of the very best American fashion,” she said.  PFW delivered the future of fashion. PFW delivered the future of fashion. Text: Danielle Combs Paris Fashion Week FW18 has officially come to a close and this season, it was clear that the city’s risk-taking and avant-garde fashion scene was alive and well. Distinct visions were set into motion, ranging from collaged outerwear to spellbinding romanticized dresses, which helped to facilitate Paris’ multi-layered and visionary take for the Fall 2018 season. From Jacquemus’ take on “warm winter” attire to Balenciaga’s fusion of the old with the new, each collection presented felt fresh and made a case for upheaving what has been the status quo for quite some time. Click through to see the 11 collections that made their mark during Paris Fashion Week.  BALENCIAGA   The Look: Taking inspiration from the Balenciaga archives, Demna Gvasalia reinterpreted the fashion house's dress code with multi-layered outerwear, velvet bodycon dresses, and sharply defined silhouettes.  DIOR  The Look: The women's movement took hold of the runway once again this season as Dior channeled the nouveau bohemian style of the late 1960's.  SAINT LAURENT   The Look: Anthony Vaccarello brought back the '80s for Saint Laurent's FW18 show and created radical iterations of broad-shouldered mini dresses, sleek black separates, and loads of lace.  OFF-WHITE   The Look: Tapestry prints, tulle, and leather reigned supreme at Virgil Abloh's FW18 show.  RICK OWENS   The Look: Some may think that Rick Owens lost his edge this season, but the designer delivered a modernistic collection that featured bursts of mustard yellow plaid and strong structural silhouettes.  JACQUEMUS   The Look: Jacquemus redefined cold weather attire with his fresh and unique perspective on FW18 fashion. Second-skin knit dresses, pint-size bags, and loosely draped silhouettes brought life and inventiveness to the runway.  VALENTINO   The Look: An air of romanticism swept over Valentino as models donned petal-shaped hoods with scalloped edges, monochrome lace looks, and vibrant floral gowns.  STELLA MCCARTNEY   The Look: Stella McCartney stayed true to her brand ethos and delivered an environmentally conscious collection devised of tailored tartan coats, multi-hued leather separates, and demure sheer lace dresses.  MIU MIU   The Look: This season, Miuccia Prada revived the '80s for FW18. Oversized outerwear, acid wash denim, and bright bursts of color were woven into the designer's narrative for a collection that embodied the radical decade.  CHANEL   The Look: Karl Lagerfeld traveled deep into the woods for FW18 and stunned purveyors with a wholly new collection that combined the best of Edwardian silhouettes, '70s-inspired dresses, and a dash of '80s glamour.  LOUIS VUITTON   The Look: Bold outerwear faceted into shearling coats, sharp tuxedo blazers and leather jackets brought this collection to the present day.  The first U.S. KARL LAGERFELD flagship has found its home in Soho. The first U.S. KARL LAGERFELD flagship has found its home in Soho. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
KARL LAGERFELD will open its first U.S. flagship store in the heart of SoHo at 420 W. Broadway in New York City. Opening tomorrow, April 7, the store will display the iconic and engaging world of KARL. 
CEO of KARL LAGERFELD Pier Paolo Righi says, “Opening the first KARL LAGERFELD store in the United States is an exciting milestone in our brand’s continued global growth. New York City is an international fashion capital with a modern spirit and energy that make it the ideal setting for our new flagship. With our W. Broadway location, we can invite our consumers to immerse themselves in the complete KARL LAGERFELD retail experience and continue to build meaningful connections with them.” 
The flagship will host both KARL LAGERFELD and KARL LAGERFELD PARIS women's and menswear, as well as accessories and footwear galore. It will also debut the KARL LAGERFELD + ModelCo colour cosmetics collection. Throughout 2018, the flagship will continue to excite its customers with new collections, including the highly anticipated KARL LAGERFELD X Kaia range, which will launch in September 2018. Take a peek inside the KARL LAGERFELD NYC flagship below.   For the BCNY 70th Annual Fall Dance, Ferragamo gathered some of Hollywood's brightest young things that fit perfectly in the Ferragamo family. For the BCNY 70th Annual Fall Dance, Ferragamo gathered some of Hollywood's brightest young things that fit perfectly in the Ferragamo family. Styling: AJ Longabaugh 
Last night, the Boy's Club New York hosted the 70th Annual Fall Dance at The Plaza Hotel, an evening filled with some of Hollywood's brightest young talents, some of who fit perfectly in the Ferragamo family. Arriving in Paul Andrew's debut AW18 collection, notable guests in attendance included Larsen Thompson, Dylan Sprouse, Sofia and Marina Testino, Emily Robinson, Diggy Simmons, Emily Meade, Clara McGregor, among others. 
Go inside last night's BCNY Gala in the gallery below to see all the Ferragamo stylings!  The model duo and best friends are defining two sides of the same coin. The model duo and best friends are defining two sides of the same coin. Text: Emma Li Yuka Mannami and Fernanda Ly are both international models with signature styles featuring long, pin straight hair and blunt bangs. The two are best friends, each other’s style icons, and use their own Instagram hashtag, #kikilala. Yuka made her catwalk debut at Fendi’s SS16 haute fourrure show in Tokyo during her first month as a professional model. As a teenager, she practiced classical ballet and later went on to attend nursing school. But Yuka didn’t always have hip-grazing black hair. At one point, she decided to quit ballet and get a pixie cut. Another dramatic change in her life came about when she was initially scouted through Instagram. Yuka’s love for vintage shopping is brought up all the time: her favorite store is The Four Eyed, a vintage boutique nestled behind a love hotel in Tokyo’s fashionable Shinjuku district. Although Yuka has claimed that she would never wear pink, her favorite street style icon and best friend, Fernanda Ly, has a bed of pastel pink hair. Fernanda is a Chinese Australian model whose wardrobe of school uniforms and platform boots (she confesses to owning too many shoes but that doesn’t stop her from buying more) and dyed hair led her to be scouted in a Sydney mall at the age of 16. After taking a leave from studying architecture, she made her debut catwalk at Louis Vuitton’s FW15 show. The Australian model also speaks Cantonese and Japanese conversationally. Her previous Instagram bio introduced herself as “mahou shoujo”, meaning magical girl in Japanese while her handle “warukatta” is a Japanese translation of a casual apology. Fernanda also has a yellow labrador pet dog named Tong, which means soup in Cantonese. Like Yuka, Fernanda is one who embraces change – her newest look has her rocking bleached hair and eyebrows. The duo enjoys playing the Japanese fantasy role-playing game Final Fantasy and speaking Japanese (in different levels of fluency). #Kikilala sees them sharing moments together from selfies to their mutual love for animals seen on the street. The two often model together, most recently for the cover of Numero Tokyo’s May issue. Yuka and Fernanda have plans to live together as roommates in New York, where their fans and the fashion industry will surely see the dynamic duo consistently in action.  This Halloween, Lily-Rose Depp conjured a feast of fantastic faces with V and Chanel to ring in the spookiest time of year at Jane's Carousel. Peep an exclusive glimpse at some of those faces that made it to our epic bash through the lens of Jeiroh Yanga. This Halloween, Lily-Rose Depp conjured a feast of fantastic faces with V and Chanel to ring in the spookiest time of year at Jane's Carousel. Peep an exclusive glimpse at some of those faces that made it to our epic bash through the lens of Jeiroh Yanga. Photography: Jeiroh Yanga     The legendary makeup artist is beautifully reimagined in the film. The legendary makeup artist is beautifully reimagined in the film. Text: Gretty Garcia Those who contour, idolize model legends such as Chrissy Turlington, or get excited by technicolor eye shadows and palettes have none other than Kevyn Aucoin to thank. The makeup artist was the culprit behind beauty trends that we are still witnessing contemporaneously. Aucoin revolutionized the once iconic "skinny brow" trend and served as makeup artist and friend to celebrity powerhouses that we still refer to by first names (i.e. Cher and Whitney). The documentary, titled "Larger Than Life: The Kevyn Aucoin Story," will feature the makeup artist in a mix of public and more intimate light, as it is said to reveal more personal footage never before seen. Some of the footage, therefore, naturally touches on Aucoin's death at the age of 40 in 2002 on account of his battle with a rare pituitary adenoma, its innate complications, and an addition to the medications meant to treat the ailment. Viewers will not only get a sneak peek into the loss felt by those around him after his death, but, also, the beauty that this renowned makeup artist imprinted on the world. Take a look at the trailer for the film, which premieres today.  No photos, please! This campaign is seriously newsworthy. No photos, please! This campaign is seriously newsworthy. Text: Erin McDowell 
Leave Balenciaga alone! Or, don't. The fashion house just dropped its newest SS18 campaign and the photos practically scream for attention, though their subjects appear to want anything but that. 
In the slew of paparazzi-style shots, the French luxury brand showcased their newest collection in a way that has been made iconic by the likes of Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. Though no Kardashian clones were involved in the making of this seemingly candid campaign, it was still undeniably meta. The campaign was shot by actual French paparazzi and credited to Best Image agency, the French equivalent to Getty Images. 
Styled by Lotta Volkova, a frequent collaborator of Balenciaga's Creative Director Demna Gvasalia, the series of images features models attempting to conceal their faces with Balenciaga handbags, running away from the paps, and being escorted by some stern-looking bodyguards. The playful campaign was released entirely on Instagram, one look per hour. This allowed fans to anxiously refresh their feeds for the next look, a tactic similar to the way we interact with an unfolding news story. 
This isn't the first time Balenciaga has taken a more experimental approach to their campaigns. In their pre-Fall collection campaign, outfits were accessorized with potted plants and grocery bags, echoing the same feeling of being caught in the act. For their Spring 2018 menswear campaign, the fashion house channeled retro mall portrait photography in a campaign that looked straight out of your grandma's photo album. 
The collection is available now for pre-order online and hits stores February 28. To view the entire campaign, check out the slideshow below.     Get a first look at Celine’s gender-neutral fragrance collection. Get a first look at Celine’s gender-neutral fragrance collection. Text: Czar Van Gaal Composed of eleven fragrances, Slimane uses each fragrance to chronicle an iconic time period. Utilizing scents like iris, rose, and tree moss, each fragrance evokes a sense of nostalgia transporting the wearer back to scenes such as the Parisian 1970’s club circuit. The collection has eight fragrances dedicated to daytime wear (SAINT-GERMAIN-DES-PRÉS, DANS PARIS, COLOGNE FRANÇAISE, LA PEAU NUE, BOIS DORMANT, RIMBAUD, and EAU DE CALIFORNIE) and three dedicated to evening (BLACK TIE, REPTILE, and NIGHTCLUBBING) but just as the scents know no gender, it is also timeless and can be worn at any point throughout the day.  Continuing with the theme of reimagining the past with a modern take, Hedi Slimane marries the classic French glassmaking aesthetic with his new aged nuance to deliver a cutting edge luxurious perfume bottle. Broadening horizons with their introduction into the realm of fragrance, this collection proves to be one small step for Hedi and one giant leap for Celine.  Get a first look at Celine’s newest fragrance collection below.    Take a peek inside their final party as the beloved Parisian boutique bids farewell. Take a peek inside their final party as the beloved Parisian boutique bids farewell. Text: Jake Viswanath 
After 20 great years in business, Colette will shut its doors for the final time tomorrow, December 20th. If you haven’t already noticed with their pop-up installations in recent months, the beloved French boutique isn’t going out silently. And last night, they threw one last raging bash, ensuring they go out with a bang. 
Colette teamed up with the final designer that hosted a pop-up installation, Saint Laurent, to co-host a lavish party featuring Travis Scott at the center of it all, after the rapper curated an exclusive vinyl for the French brand’s final collaboration with the boutique. Guests included Anja Rubik, Lennon Gallagher, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Colette founder Saint Laurent’s innovative creative director Anthony Vaccarello, who were all treated to a performance from Scott and the chance to toast Colette one last time. See photos from the bittersweet soiree below.  The newest iteration challenges creatives to learn and execute new skills within 24 hours. The newest iteration challenges creatives to learn and execute new skills within 24 hours. Text: Emma Li 
Mercedes-Benz's 2019 fashion story campaign brings together a group of forward thinking creatives, influencers, and talents known as the #mbcollective. This year, the group includes screenwriter Lena Waithe, model Jazzelle Zanaughtti, singer Rina Sawayama, and designer Samuel Ross. 
How To is the campaign’s newest form dedicated to championing emerging fashion talent and bringing together people from different creative fields to generate innovative ideas. The creatives will spend a day with experts learning new skills and presenting their execution of the skills. Each will be challenged to learn a skill in 24 hours and demonstrate their application of the skill later that evening at a press event. The next day, the public will be offered an opportunity to participate in a master class with the creatives and experts to learn the skills. 
Jazzelle Zanaughtti, more famously known as @uglyworldwide, will start the campaign this May. The Detroit native defies traditional standards of beauty with her gender-defying looks on Instagram. She has been the muse of fashion photographer Nick Knight, who came across her account in 2016. 
Emmy Award winning screenwriter Lena Waithe is the first African American woman to win the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series for her work on Master of None. During her acceptance speech, Waithe sent out a powerful message to the LGBTQ+ community. Last year, Waithe made her big screen debut in the Oscar-nominated film Ready Player One. In addition to participating in the How To campaign, she is acting as its Creative Consultant. 
Rina Sawayama’s early bedroom-produced tracks attracted the public, and her 2017 critically acclaimed mini album led her to collaborate with fashion editor and director Nicola Formichetti as well as musician Charli XCX. The Japanese-British musician and actress has also modeled for Versace, GDS, and MAC. 
Samuel Ross is the British designer known for his brand A-COLD-WALL*, which started as an art project to explore the UK’s cultural diversity. Ross won the British Emerging Menswear Designer award at the Fashion Awards and was shortlisted for the LVMH Prize for young designers and ANDAM 2018. Waithe and Ross wore A-COLD-WALL* pieces for the fashion campaign, showcasing Mercedes-Benz’s hope to promote new creative talent through every element of their fashion story. 
Take a behind-the-scenes look at the campaign shoot below.   Here’s your style guide for Coachella and music festivals beyond. Here’s your style guide for Coachella and music festivals beyond. Text: Danielle Combs 
Coachella will forever be known for its forum of crop tops, cut-offs, and an excessive amount of flower crowns. For this year’s musical festivities, ditch the standard Coachella regalia that’s equal parts stylish and nouveau bohemian. We're showing you the items you should consider packing as your festival attire.   Leather and bondage. Leather and bondage. Text: Danielle Combs 
Since the inception of Italian fashion house Versace in 1978, founder and designer Gianni Versace quickly began to dominate the runway—along with forming the league of iconic supermodels that graced his catwalk. At the height of his fame, Versace was a pop culture icon, delivering hit-making collections and starting his very own fashion revolution. 
One of Versace’s most notable collections is from Fall 1992, provocatively titled Miss S&M, a thematic collection that even photographer Helmut Newton was fond of. On the runway, Versace’s deepest fantasies came to life by incorporating fetish elements with heaps of leather and skintight leather bondage dresses that drove onlookers mad with its high-glam appeal. Each look that was viewed on the runway oozed pure sex, and as a whole, the collection came to dominate. 
Click through the slideshow to the see the archival fashion show.      Following their runway debut last season, creative directors Mark Thomas and Thomas Cawson devised their second NYFW show. Following their runway debut last season, creative directors Mark Thomas and Thomas Cawson devised their second NYFW show. Photography: Schohaja Text: Vienna Vernose 
Following their runway debut last season, creative directors Mark Thomas and Thomas Cawson devised their second NYFW show with a sense of professional provocateur style synonymous with the brand's identity. Known for a minimalist approach to maximal style, tailored suiting, sheer layering, and asymmetrical pleated skirts were all part of the equation resulting in a seductive take on everyday silhouettes. Complimented by a few splashes of neons and metallics throughout, this collection creates a day-to-night look from the office to the afterparty, and pretty much everything in between.     The eyewear brand's newest campaign features their latest "Oliver" frames. The eyewear brand's newest campaign features their latest "Oliver" frames. Text: Zoe Elefterin 
Oliver Peoples latest campaign tackles a question we've all pondered upon since the brand's conception: “Who is Oliver?” The American luxury eyewear brand brings us a series of photos that cast a light on the ability for something as simple as glasses, to unite us.  
The campaign showcases the classic “Oliver” frames, and the “Oliver Sun” shades through a series of rich, black and white portraits shot by photographer, Brian Ingram. The series of portraits highlights a diverse group of people from all walks of life. This question leads us to one answer: that Oliver isn’t any one being, but Oliver is all of us.  
The portraits strip every subject down to just their face, devoid of any background context, which allows for each personality to be recognized on the same plane as the other; a profound message that speaks to the collective human experience. 
 Check out the campaign images below and shop the frames here.   Creative Director Louise Trotter set out to prove the brand was far more than just polo shirts with her debut collection. Creative Director Louise Trotter set out to prove the brand was far more than just polo shirts with her debut collection. Text: Hannah Hightman 
Lacoste’s Fall 2019 show at Paris Fashion Week redefined the brand’s MO. Featuring sporty-but-elegant sweaters and sparing (but creative!) use of the crocodile logo, it’s apparent that creative director Louise Trotter succeeded in her quest to deepen and diversify Lacoste, while retaining the classy vibes the label is known for.  
A nude color scheme was mainly employed, but pops of color pervaded the collection, appearing in vibrant, striped collars and striking, loose-fitting knitwear. Further contributing to the athletic tone, ball caps were also donned by many of the models, juxtaposing casual attire with more formal flourishes. Trench coats balanced out the trendiness of some looks by adding an element of timelessness. The show introduced avant-garde, stylishly amorphous silhouettes to a typically conventional brand, yet the collection also felt accessible and comfortable; these clothes were obviously made with an active lifestyle in mind, as one would expect. But, in contrast to Lacoste’s reputation, they are not limited to an athletic domain; many fits would transition seamlessly from a tennis match to a dinner party.  
Trotter’s inventiveness particularly shined in the footwear of the collection. Hip, tan-and-white trainers made an appearance (complete with a vulcanized rubber dip), but more inventive shoe styles really displayed the spirit of Lacoste’s new look; a tennis-shoe-brogue-combination and shoes with a zip pull at the front (that flaunted the iconic Lacoste crocodile) mixed whimsy and tradition.  
Overall, the collection was refreshing, a brilliantly-executed revamp that also paid tribute to the brand’s history and ethos. Trotter made a remarkable debut; her distinct perspective guided the nuanced mood of the show. It would seem that Lacoste is moving on from 80s polos.   Designer Julie de Libran pays homage to Sonia Rykiel's expertise. Designer Julie de Libran pays homage to Sonia Rykiel's expertise. Text: Tess Garcia 
Yesterday, lead designer Julie de Libran sent Sonia Rykiel Couture down the runway for the first time in the label's 50-year history. Comprised of 26 looks, the collection served as an homage to the pieces Rykiel's historical expertise: Structured suiting, feathered accents, and the pièce de résistance, the brand's signature Marinière striped sweater. 
As usual, de Libran's designs struck a balance between too much and too little, fielding "just right" territory with grace (call her the Baby Bear of Paris Fashion Week). The show commenced with an oversized, feather-trimmed coat, slouchy slacks, and a pom-pom-poufed beret, followed by a sheer maxi dress sans accessory. The collection continued in this fashion, presenting simple alongside complex, yin and yang. The final look, which boasted an ivory corset, a cascading train, a feather veil, and simple blue jeans, encapsulated effort and ease simultaneously. A no-nonsense color palette kept even the most ornate looks from feeling fussy. Other highlights included a creamy eggshell sweater dress covered in sequins and a tulle-covered shirtdress paired with the sculptural headpiece to put all others to shame. 
We aren't just expecting the Sonia Rykiel brand to return to the couture circuit in January; we're already counting down the days. 
Check out our favorite looks from the collection below.            The high-concept showcase conjured a dystopian escape-the-room scenario. The high-concept showcase conjured a dystopian escape-the-room scenario. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
In press materials, Marni imposes a modern framework onto its Fall/Winter 2019 show, dubbing it “Neuroerotik,” an imagined variation on an escape-the-room game in which one’s own anatomy holds the key to liberation. The premise seems a cultural departure for creative director Francesco Risso, known for an interest in classical ideals. Instead, with descriptions of “fornicating scarves” and “diamonds like chastity belts,” the synopsis conjured both a sex-positive fashion arcade and a late-capitalist conundrum—one in which “men’s jackets get broken” while “engagement rings hold liquid tunics together, ” the natural body and ordered society locked in a tug of war. 
Whatever the thought behind it, the collection was yet another venue for Risso’s flairs of color and asymmetrical tailoring, while touches of grindhouse grit—platforms and chains—strayed from the designer's classically feminine M.O. But Risso's take on the dystopian was more historical than futuristic, pairing stovepipe boots with Greco-Roman silhouettes by way of the Salem witch trials.  
 The high-concept show closed with latter-day muse Jess Maybury, who channeled the Mona Lisa in a witchy grecian gown—if the Mona Lisa wore a dog collar, that is. Because as fun as it is to play games, it's more fun to break the rules.   Take a peek at the new campaign shot by Steven Meisel. Take a peek at the new campaign shot by Steven Meisel. Text: Jake Viswanath 
Coach and Selena Gomez have proven to be a match made in heaven. The multi-talented superstar fronts the brand’s Fall 2018 campaign, marking her third as the face of Coach. The new series of ads not only reunites her with fashion photographer Steven Meisel and Creative Director Stuart Vevers, but also sees her lead a gang of models and influencers from around the world. 
The campaign cast features Japanese actress and model Kiko Mizuhara, Chinese actress Guan Xiaotong, and Chinese actor Timmy Xu, as well as models Ali Latif, Blesnya Minher, Joaquim Arnell, Lily Nova, Nina Gulien, Remington Williams and William Grant. Together, the gang prowls around New York City’s dusty backstreets, with prairie murals and desert motifs that tie back to the Western themes of the Fall 2018 collection, juxtaposed against the city's stunning skyline. 
Coach's choice of talent for the new campaign not only highlights the progressiveness of the brand, but represents the melting pot of cultures that is New York. “I love the way that we have pushed the Coach gang further this season to be more unique, diverse and just overall cool in their attitude,” Vevers said in a statement. “It’s how I see people here in New York enjoying wearing clothes and just feels really relevant to me.” 
See the full campaign below.       In honor of her V114 interview with Gigi Hadid, we look back on the evolution of tennis queen Serena Williams' signature style from her 1999 "Got Milk?" campaign to the 2018 royal wedding. In honor of her V114 interview with Gigi Hadid, we look back on the evolution of tennis queen Serena Williams' signature style from her 1999 "Got Milk?" campaign to the 2018 royal wedding. Text: Lilly Pace  Hear from your favorite models to get you through your Monday. Hear from your favorite models to get you through your Monday. Photography: Carin Backoff Styling: Anna Trevelyan  This feature appears in V118, our Spring 2019 issue, on newsstands now!  With killer looks and edgy glam, these flashes of #MondayMotivation will last you all season. "I'm learning to trust my instincts and not feel guilt about saying 'No.' I want to surround myself with positive people and rid myself of toxic energy. I'm meditating more, and making myself a priority." - Soo Joo Park "Young girls and women can and will take over the world as long as we love ourselves and love and support one another!" - Hailey Bieber "2019 was my first year of all high fashion, I pushed myself to [achieve] my long-time work goals, and I will forever look back and be grateful." - Abby Champion "Finding my inner peace and balance between work and personal life has allowed me to create a positive, nurturing environment for my family and those I surround myself with." - Alessandra Ambrosio "I'm leveling up by incorporating grown and sexy silhouettes into my go-to laid-back style. Blazers, boots, and balance are key!" - Paloma Elsesser "[This year] I'm honing my entrepreneurial skills by launching a lifestyle brand. [We want] to inspire other women to attain the confidence to reach their true selves." - Alessandra Ambrosio "I'm always trying to better myself through a healthy lifestyle - keeping myself grounded, and pursuing what excites me. Every year I try to be a better version of myself, and it all starts from within." - Hannah Ferguson "We should all strive to 'level up' by lifting each other up ... [One way] I've done that is with the help of my new furry best friend, Oscar the dog!" - Hailey Bieber Makeup Hung Vanngo (The Wall Group) Hair Brent Lawler (Lowe and Co Worldwide) Models Soo Joo Park (WOMEN), Hailey Bieber (IMG), Abby Champion (NEXT), Alessandra Ambrosio (IMG), Paloma Elsesser (IMG), Hannah Ferguson (IMG), Manicure Mar y Sol Inzerillo using Chanel Le Vernis Digital technician James Needham (MILK) Producer Libi Molnar (CLM) Photo assistants Matthew Cylinder, Kyle May Stylist assistant Kristian Chevere Location Root Brooklyn  McQueen's trailer is just as dark and twisted as the designer's own aesthetic. McQueen's trailer is just as dark and twisted as the designer's own aesthetic. Text: Erin McDowell The first trailer for the highly anticipated Alexander McQueen documentary is finally here, and boy is it epic. Directed and produced by Ian Bonhôte and Peter Ettedgui, the documentary follows the journey of McQueen, one of the most influential and outlandish designers in modern recollection. The new film will feature behind-the-scenes footage, home movies, and interviews with those closest to the British designer, and promises to offer insight into McQueen's spectacular life and career. With a trailer as equally inspiring and boundary-pushing as the designer himself, McQueen is sure to be the highlight of the Tribeca Film Festival. In a synopsis for the film, Tribeca Film Festival describes the documentary as a "vivid portrait of the tortured but inspired auteur’s work and persona." The film also promises to touch on the designer's relationship with his mentor and muse, Isabella Blow, who shaped his career immensely. The trailer mirrors McQueen's dark alternative aesthetic, including clips from his theatrical runway shows and "controversial and confrontational" designs, as TFF describes them. McQueen premieres at the festival on April 22 ahead of a limited release in June. Watch the trailer below.  New York's most influential street artists collaborated with the heritage brand in a series of murals inspired by Coach's iconic logo. New York's most influential street artists collaborated with the heritage brand in a series of murals inspired by Coach's iconic logo. Text: Erin McDowell 
Coach has teamed up with some of New York's most legendary graffiti artists to create a series of murals that reinterpret the classic Coach logo. Located throughout all five boroughs of the Big Apple, The Coach Signature is back and more groundbreaking than ever. Drawing inspiration from Coach's most recognizable print, the artworks offer up a new perspective into the fashion house and create a perfect contrast between the iconic print and new style of art. 
The artists charged with the branded murals include Bisco Smith, Crash, DAIN, Eric Inkala, Giz, Hellbent, Jason Naylor, and more. In essence, you've never seen Coach like this. 
To view the entire series of murals plus a map of where to find them, check out the slideshow below.  Fresh face Kristen Coffey turns full throttle looks in this season's most speed-savvy trend: racing stripes. Fresh face Kristen Coffey turns full throttle looks in this season's most speed-savvy trend: racing stripes. Photography: Kevin Jude Styling: Rebecca Dennett  As they drop their own cover of "The Look of Love," the Swedish duo share their favorite covers. As they drop their own cover of "The Look of Love," the Swedish duo share their favorite covers. Text: Fred Sahai    Last week, V88 cover stars Say Lou Lou returned with a cover of the Burt Bacharach and Hal David classic “The Look Of Love.”   In honor of the premiere of the accompanying music video, the twin sister duo put together a playlist of their favorite covers exclusively for V. Marrying the old with the new, these covers exemplify the timelessness of the songs.    Say Lou Lou covered the classic Casino Royale song, which they described as “the most sensual love song ever written,” and transformed it into a glittering disco track. In the music video, the girls get their dance in matching high-cut white bodysuits. Check it for yourself below, and scroll for Say Lou Lou's covers playlist.                    This Mortal Coil - Song To The Siren / Original Tim Buckley Liz Frazer's voice is just fucking magic. We've always loved Cocteau Twins, but first heard Frazer's involvement with This Mortal Coil through this song in an intense desert/ fire/ lovemaking montage from the 90's Lynch film 'Lost Highway'. We love Buckley's beautiful original equally, of course. Saint Etienne - Only Love Can Break Your Heart / Original by Neil Young Bold statement, but we prefer this raw, sweet 90's dance version of Neil Young's slow folk rock song. With syncopated piano stabs and groovy beat, Saint Etienne takes the lyrical sentiment to a naive and sweet French breathing place, rather than the heavy, slow jaded tone of the original. Sorry, Neil. Cowboy Junkies - Blue Moon Revisited (Song For Elvis) / Sung by many, perhaps most famously performed by Elvis When we were kids, our mum would wake us up in the mornings with this the alt-country blues version of 'Blue Moon', that adds a whole new structure to the original with a new verse to the original chorus. In any version, this  beautiful, classic song aches with longing, loneliness and wonder. Grace Jones / La Vie En Rose / Original by Edith Piaf Grace is the best and the coolest and turns anything she touches into a sexy, groovy jam - even Piaf's classic staple of tender French romance. Sinéad O’Connor - Nothing Compares 2 U  (Original by Prince) Don't think this needs much of an introduction. Prince's break up anthem is just so incredibly well written, Sinéad's version pushing the sadness and seriousness to a whole other level with intensified, de-funked melody changes, padded strings and choirs. Also, granted, her buzzcut and her pure, pale face and emotive performance in the masterpiece music video leaves no one unaffected. Bryan Ferry & Todd Terje - Johnny & Mary / Original by Robert Palmer    This cover of Robert Palmer's 'Johnny & Mary' (which we don't particularly like) is a slow-burning, suave offering from the genius collab between fjord Disco king Todd Terje and Bryan Ferry in 2014.     Isao Tomita - Clair De Lune / Composition by Debussy     Don't know if versions of classical music necessarily count as covers, but anyway - get stoned and look at the stars to this Japanese space version of Debussy's most famous piece from Suite Bergamasque.     Tom Tom Club - You Sexy Thing / Original by Hot Chocolate We love Tina Weymouth and love this funny funky jam version of the Hot Chocolate 70's hit. Sonic Youth - Superstar / The Carpenters     Sonic Youth covering the family friendly Carpenters 70's pop song with their sexy, druggy post punk feels like a match made in heaven.     Kindness - Swinging Party / Original by The Replacements     Reminiscing on our teens with this 2010 Kindness cover of the 1985 Replacements classic.          The Uniqlo x Marimekko collection will be available in March. The Uniqlo x Marimekko collection will be available in March. Text: Danielle Combs 
Known for their casual take on street style and producing essential wardrobe staples, Uniqlo, is set to unveil a special-edition collaboration that will drop on March 29th. Partnering with Finnish design company, Marimekko—the line will feature the company's vivacious and boldly-hued prints combined with Uniqlo's effortless design aesthetic. Each print featured throughout the collection has been designed by Maija Louekari—one of Marimekko's world renowned print designers who was inspired by nature and urban lifestyle. 
The nine-item collection features an array of polka dots, florals and abstract graphics that have been faceted into tops, dresses, pants, sneakers and bags fit for any women who is looking to add a dose of high-impact color and patterns into her wardrobe. The collection will arrive in stores and online at Uniqlo.com on March 29th. 
Click through the slideshow to see how the colorful collection came to life.              Text: Brandon Tan 
For the second collection since his fashion week schedule departure, Alexander Wang gave us a new perspective on Americana—one free of stars or stripes. Recontextualizing the term “American Hustle,” from David O. Russell’s 2013 blockbuster to his own seasonless runway, Wang served his take on the classic ‘hustler’ persona. 
Commencing the night with what was dubbed “Act One” of his Collection 2, the designer hosted a cocktail hour serving spoon-fed caviar and flutes of champagne to a surprisingly punctual fashion crowd in downtown Brooklyn. This move was a peculiar one for the industry deviant, who’s more likely to be offering McDonald’s out of food trucks at his notorious after parties. Little did we realize so early in the evening that he was setting a tone for what was to be shown shortly after. 
Wang’s inspiration was made clearer in Act Two. In the basement of the same building, which had just received its guests with a full choir and passed hors d’oeuvres, there flashed red lights and Kanye West’s “Black Skinhead” thundered throughout. Behold, another appearance made by irony, but not its last.  
Opening the show were several tweed numbers, a call to French class, quickly off set by flashy notes of American gimmick with logo plate belt buckles and gold Cuban links. Paradox had then become a definitive theme and not just a realized coincidence to Wang’s Collection 2, whose odd pairings made for a well-balanced diet of class and kitsch. 
Silhouettes familiar to the American hustler paraded the runway, seeing form as three-piece suits, leopard-print furs and exaggerated collars. Stealing the show, however, was the designer’s translation into evening-wear as the white tee became a stunning gown on the back of Lexi Boling, paired with black velvet opera gloves. The tuxedo jacket also saw form as a skirt and floor-length dress, exemplifying Wang’s penchant for remixed classics. To close, he sent down revealing lace bodysuit numbers styled with draped sweaters, making them oddly conservative for what they were. 
If the seasonless version of Alexander Wang’s world means a cocktail hour at the cost of an after party, but no compromise to the major fashions and thought-provoking cultural references he brings forth time and time again, then let it be.                   Our favorite fresh faces take fall's abundance of reflective and fluorescent pieces for a spin. Our favorite fresh faces take fall's abundance of reflective and fluorescent pieces for a spin. Photography: Eric White Styling: Stella Evans  Styling: Schohaja Text: Fred Sahai 
Here's your backstage look at Arthur Arbesser's latest Ready-To-Wear collection, which showed at London Fashion Week. The Austrian designer and Central Saint Martins alum shared that the collection was a tribute to his late grandmother, Mathilde, and her “romantic memories, love of beautiful things and wicked sense of humor.” Click through the slideshow to discover what that means to Arbesser visually.   Designer Stuart Vevers conjures youthful angst for Spring 2019. Designer Stuart Vevers conjures youthful angst for Spring 2019. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
"Assembling and reconstructing the craft and spirit of the American look. A new, new romantic gang; dreamers traversing an unravelling prairie landscape in the wake of their revolution, trailing scavenged and salvaged American heirlooms." 
As read in Coach 1941's show notes, designer Stuart Vevers has crafted a SS19 collection that screams teen angst, power, and the common thread of dreaming for wanting something bigger in life. 
Immersing viewers into Coach's forgotten playground, Vevers uses leather and lace to capture a somewhat forgotten moment in the archive of Americana fashion, one that was inspired by the majority and not the elite. An exploration of grunge, punk, and hard-edge, Coach's SS19 collection fearlessly struts with grit and a no fucks given voice. The worn in jackets, trousers, and oversized knits and sweaters that make up this spring roster feel vintage, but the category of vintage that deserves a renaissance and is not fully aware of itself. 
The diverse cast of models close the show stampeding the rusty dinosaur playground, anthemically walking tall into the future and into next season. A gesture of Stuart Vevers commitment to providing a voice and safe place within the Coach family for the next generation. 
Take a look at some of the Coach 1941 SS19 collection below! 
               10 accessories that blur the line between "need" and "want". 10 accessories that blur the line between "need" and "want". Text: Lilly Pace 
Although we don't usually need to spend hundreds of dollars on an accent accessory, it's easy to be convinced to splurge on a small, stylish find.  From Fendi furry key chains to Louis Vuitton notebooks to Gucci phone covers, these tiny extras make huge fashion statements.  A full cast of supermodels, an electric color palette, and Nirvana dominating the playlist — the 90s really are back. A full cast of supermodels, an electric color palette, and Nirvana dominating the playlist — the 90s really are back. Photography: Schohaja Text: Erin McDowell 
Let's be frank: melding the worlds of the 1990s grunge movement and modern-day Versace comes across as a daunting task. However, for Versace's FW19 Milan show, Donatella Versace has done just that. Many elements of the grunge-inspired collection are familiar for the brand — signature Versace prints, structured and sexy suits, and the occasional harness here and there. However, the collection is noticeably more youth-oriented, playing into high street trends like puffer jackets, Doc Marten-esque lace-up brogues, and vintage Blondie band tees. Kaia Gerber, Gigi and Bella Hadid, Candice Swanepoel, and Kendall Jenner all walked the runway, making this Milan Fashion Week show an unmissable event. 
Versace leans into the 90s fashion revitalization dominating the market right now, but with its own luxury twist. Though every piece evokes an anti-establishment vibe, the elements of glamor and effortless sex appeal that Versace is most known dominate throughout the collection. Colorblocked shades like tangerine and lime amp up this 90s-inspired collection, while tweed and gold accents provide a counterbalance of classic Versace glamor. Layering was the word on everyone's lips — slip dresses over form-fitting turtlenecks, neon tweed suit sets paired with socks and heels, and multiple instances in which tanks were layered over button-ups, over dresses, over a turtleneck. The collection emulates the best of what 90s grunge fashion has to offer and then some. 
To view the best looks and behind-the-scenes shots from the Versace Fall/Winter 2019 show, check out the slideshow below.   Simple fuss-free steps for creating Lim's magnetic beauty look. Simple fuss-free steps for creating Lim's magnetic beauty look. Text: Stella Pak 
 Modern nomad was the theme of the FW18 collection for Phillip Lim. This season, fabrics and textures were beautifully remixed into a functional and globally influenced wardrobe. To compliment the globetrotter narrative the beauty look for FW18 was paired back and the eyes remained as a focal point, where a creamy kohl liner in Sorrento was smoked out  then defined with a heavy black line outside the waterline in Minorque by Francelle Daly for NARS. Jin Soon grounded the nails with deep and lush earth tones of teal, beige and iridescent gold in polished oval shapes where you can imagine the Phillip Lim girl was yearning to travel wide and far. Click through to see how to recreate the look from Lim's latest collection.   Marc Jacobs proudly continues his reign as the black sheep of NYFW. Marc Jacobs proudly continues his reign as the black sheep of NYFW. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
Last night, Marc Jacobs brought NYFW to a close with, by unanimous response, the week’s most epic ‘fashion’ moment. Jacobs’ FW18 collection, very much inspired by 1980s haute couture, is an exaggerated, grandiose celebration of the relationship between structural shape and magnificent color. 
In a bold gesture, Marc Jacobs confidently strays from all current trends and instead immerses his brand into the realm of fortissimo high-fashion. Broad, saturated top coats consume each model concealing any existence of figure, focally bringing to life the dramatic structure and detailing of each coat. Jacobs’ uses over the top gathering and draping at a high waistline, acting as a belt or cumber bun, as well as neck flourishes, adding major flair to each ensemble. Each piece in this collection, whether an elegant gown or wool trousers, have an apparent heaviness that is styled perfectly so that every layered design peers through just as colorfully as the previous. 
In a time where uncertainty is certainly present in conversations surrounding the production and consumption of fashion, Jacobs’ is confidently placing creative expression as priority above capital discussions. Within the overarching trajectory of Marc Jacobs’ career and legacy, being considered the black sheep of NYFW is a title the designer has always proudly embraced; throwing to the wind his need for trends and concentratedly focusing on his craft as a designer. Bravo, Mr. Jacobs! 
Click through the slideshow below to see Marc Jacobs’ FW18 collection.   Watch the superstar break down front row at the Valentino show. It's couture, darling! Watch the superstar break down front row at the Valentino show. It's couture, darling! Text: Brandon Tan Celine Dion proved herself as a victim to fashion last night, as she cried real human tears sitting front row at the Valentino show during Paris Haute Couture Week. The show, undeniably emotional, took similar affect to much of the audience. That said, Miss Dion took it a step further as the icon is known to do. For the fashion? For the drama? No matter, for it was iconic.  Lady, I’m with you. @celinedion @maisonvalentino @pppiccioli A post shared by  Laura Brown (@laurabrown99) on Jan 23, 2019 at 10:58am PST The legend has been on a social media roll as of late, starring in one viral video after another. Just a month ago, Celine Dion racked up the views, likes and retweets after videos were released of her going apeshit, dancing at the premiere of Lady Gaga's new Vegas show, "Enigma". The Valentino Haute Couture show was truly commendable, featuring one of the most diverse cast of models to walk a couture runway. Pierpaolo Piccioli's breathtaking creations powered down the catwalk in the house's classic hues, cascading ruffles and of course, florals. Over half of the models in the show were models of color, proving the brand's and in general, the industry's push towards inclusivity and representation.  Tellement heureuse d’être à Paris !! 💫- Céline xx… . So happy to be in Paris!! 💫 - Céline xx… . . #pfw A post shared by  Céline Dion (@celinedion) on Jan 21, 2019 at 10:47am PST  The sister-sister beauty moguls are aiming to fill parking lots this holiday season. The sister-sister beauty moguls are aiming to fill parking lots this holiday season. Text: AJ Longabaugh Because breaking the internet has surely gotten old for them at this point, beauty moguls Kim Kardashian West and Kylie Jenner are now aiming to fill and cause pure chaos in parking lots nationwide. That's right. For the first time since they've started their individually respected beauty brands, Kylie Cosmetics and KKW Fragrances will be available for purchase at ULTA Beauty both online and in stores NATIONWIDE. Ms. Jenner was the first to announce the news, taking to her Instagram stories and tweeting: 😍 @kyliecosmetics is dropping in EVERY Ulta Beauty store on 11/17 @ultabeauty pic.twitter.com/cKV48vFB5D Followed by Ulta Beauty posting on their Instagram:  Peekaboo. 🙈 @kyliecosmetics is coming to ALL #ultabeauty stores, 11/17. 💋#kyliexultabeauty A post shared by  Ulta Beauty (@ultabeauty) on Nov 6, 2018 at 3:27pm PST Flash forward to today and Ulta is still aiming for all of our attention and entire paychecks as they've announced they will also be carrying Kim Kardashian West Fragrances this holiday season:  #Repost @kkwfragrance ・・・ Get ready! #KKWFRAGRANCE is coming to all @ultabeauty stores on Sunday 11.25! #KKWFragranceUltaBeauty A post shared by  Ulta Beauty (@ultabeauty) on Nov 8, 2018 at 8:34am PST In conclusion, you are entitled to feel however you would like about the modern American family of moguls that continue to prove time and time again that they are not going anywhere, but you can't deny the incredible stamina, influence, and quality the Kardashian/Jenner empire has created. Even if you try, they are one click away from reminding us they always have something up their expensively tailored sleeves:  @kkwfragrance is coming to @ultabeauty this holiday season! My fragrances launch in all stores across the country on Sunday 11/25! #KKWFragranceUltaBeauty A post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Nov 8, 2018 at 8:23am PST  For Fall 2019 Stella McCartney once again proved that sustainable fashion equals great design. For Fall 2019 Stella McCartney once again proved that sustainable fashion equals great design. Photography: Schohaja Text: Paul Madley   
Stella McCartney has always pioneered sustainable and ethical fashion long before it become an industry trend. McCartney has always delivered exciting collections while staying true to her design principles. 
For her latest runway held at the Opéra Garnier in Paris, McCartney presented another show that was both equally well designed and socially conscious. Love messages were printed on the catwalk, a reference to Stella’s rainforest conservation project. The project raises awareness around the millions of trees cut down in Indonesia each year to make fabric. 
The show opened with a brown (faux leather) paneled coat that looked super soft and luxurious, dresses, jump suits, pullovers and wide legged pants followed. The silhouettes evoked structure and comfort with emphasis placed on the shape of shoulders. Squared and wide shoulders featured in many of the dresses and coats, reminiscent of the 1980’s. McCartney presented a wide range of luxe coats in a variety of fabrications and colors. Coats were cinched at the waist with belts “twisted and wrapped adornments,” made by the noted textile artist Sheila Hicks. Stand out pieces were the faux fur coat tied with blue knotted belt, olive jumpsuit and modern trench coat in greyish-purple. 
McCartney’s take on this seasons tailoring was laidback with clean lines. Formal suits were constructed from lightweight fabrics, fitted dress shirts were paired with wide legged cargo pants that were cut from formal fabrics. Distressed knitwear featured, with dresses and pullovers adorned with tassels that were upcycled from shredded vintage T’s. There was a big focus on sustainable fabrics with McCartney repurposing remnants from past collections. Cut-offs were use to create quilted details that decorated shoulders and necklines. ‘The viscose McCartney uses for her collections is harvested from certified sustainably managed forests in Sweden’ read the press release. Sustainability was also questioned with accessories, jewellery was made from recycled paper clips and rubber band ties. 
The color pallete was traditional Fall colors of greys, blues, blacks and browns but mixed with flashes of green, yellow, warm reds and moments of peach and coral. Pattern was shown with a knitted dress in an abstract design and a horse motif. McCartney played with exposures towards the end of the collection featuring two dresses with lattice work that exposed the shoulders and neck. The final look was a quilted coat made from a mixture of floral fabrics that were sourced from past collections, it was a strong statement and a fresh look. 
McCartney is the champion of showcasing beautiful contemporary designs that have a social conscious. She is leading by example and surely the rest of the industry is to follow.                Armani presents a watercolored inspired collection. Armani presents a watercolored inspired collection. Text: Gillian Rivera Text: Schohaja   The designer is teaming up with the brand to launch three new shoes and a mobile pop-up space in Los Angeles. The designer is teaming up with the brand to launch three new shoes and a mobile pop-up space in Los Angeles. Text: Danielle Combs 
Being the designer that he is, Rick Owens is never one to shy away from disrupting the norm. So it’s evident why the creative mastermind is now teaming up with Birkenstock, the German footwear brand known for their unfashionable yet effortlessly cool shoes. 
Starting on April 17, Birkenstock will have a traveling mobile pop-up space, The Box, which will be parked outside the Rick Owens store in Los Angeles on La Brea Avenue. The project marks the first time Birkenstock has had a designer collaborate on a retail space. To commemorate the traveling space, Owens has reimagined three classic Birkenstock styles in four different iterations, including longhair cow fur, felt, and leather. Additionally, the pop-up will also feature all of the covetable essentials from the brand’s main line and select Rick Owens ready-to-wear pieces, furniture and accessories. 
The Rick Owens-fied Birkenstocks will be available for pre-order on April 2, and for purchase on Rick Owens and Birkenstock e-commerce sites on April 17. Click through the slideshow to see the pop-up space and Rick Owens-designed shoes.   The V115 Cover Star took home the "UK Breakthrough of the Year" award! The V115 Cover Star took home the "UK Breakthrough of the Year" award! Text: AJ Longabaugh Last night, soul sensation and V115 cover star Jorja Smith was honored with the 2018 AIM "UK Breakthrough of the Year" Award in London. The 16 category ceremony celebrates the current wave of innovation developed by independent artists rewarding both new and career-strong achievements, ranging from those behind the mic to those working behind the scenes. The 2018 AIM Independent Music Awards also honored SOPHIE who received the "Innovator Award", Let's Eat Grandma for "Best Sophomore Release", and Nadine Shah who took home the "Independent Album of the Year." Congratulations, Jorja! V love you!  Meet the jewelry e-tailer housing some of the most sought-after designs. Meet the jewelry e-tailer housing some of the most sought-after designs. Text: Danielle Combs 
In Retail Therapy, V spotlights our favorite boutiques and concept stores from around the world. This week, we spoke with Rena Sala, the owner and founder of London-based jewelry e-tailer Renasala. The meticulously curated online boutique is a hidden gem, housing an array of handcrafted earrings and necklaces from independent jewelry designers who are continually pushing their craft into new territories. 
Minimalist designs, clean lines, and modern shapes can be found in the form of classic gold hoops by Laura Lombardi, wooden drop earrings by Sophie Monet and sculptural jewelry by Anne Manns. Each unique piece is hand-selected by Rena herself, ensuring you’ll always walk away with a forever keepsake. Read below to see Rena’s process for selecting jewelry and the designers to know now. 
What does jewelry represent or mean to you?  
Rosh Mahtani of Alighieri Jewelry calls her pieces “modern heirlooms” and I love that. For me, jewelry is appreciated much in the same way art and objects are. They are momentos from a certain time or place. 
I admire the fact that each piece of jewelry featured is curated from a handful of independent jewelry designers who value handcrafted work. Why is this model important to you?  Has it made you aware of how some designer's items are mass-produced unethically or harmful to the environment?  
I am not a big shopper and tend to only buy things I truly love and hope to have forever. The same goes for jewelry. When looking for new designers and brands to feature on the site the same qualities are a must: clean lines, good quality materials and thoughtful design as these will stand the test of time. The designers we work with all share a handcrafted approach to their making and I do believe this is something that ultimately adds value to the product in a time where many things are mass produced. Designers like Laura Lombardi who uses recycled materials where possible or Anne Manns who works with small family run factories in Germany are putting consideration not only in the design, but in their process as well, which is admirable. 
How would you describe your aesthetic and the pieces you’ve curated for your site? 
I am a total minimalist, and so in my jewelry, I love clean lines, sculptural forms, and I never shy away from more statement pieces as they often times best represent the designer’s body of work. Although I am not a big fan of sparkly stones and color, I love interesting materials so you will see a range on the site from wood to brass, silver, and gold. Chances are, if you like the aesthetic of one of the designers on the site, you will most likely like others (if not all!). 
How do you like to wear or mix and match your jewelry? 
I tend to not layer or stack jewelry. Instead I prefer to wear one or two really beautiful pieces and give them the attention they deserve. I won’t leave the house without a pair of earrings on (the bigger the better), and will often switch them up throughout the day. The only time I break this rule is when I wear Alighieri necklaces as they are too good not to layer! (And can be worn at different lengths.) 
How do you find these new and emerging jewelry designers?  
The London-based designers which include Alighieri, Jenny Sweetnam, and Jessie Harris, I was lucky enough to work with before I launched the shop and was so excited to have them part of this next adventure. As for the other designers, I had been following their work over the last year or two, and when I made the decision to launch the shop, there was no hesitation to ask them to be part of it. We now have designers based in London, Berlin, Barcelona, New York, and Los Angeles. 
Instagram is of course the best way to discover new designers and to follow their work. After 6 years of working in PR, some of my best tips have come from from editors and stylists. Not all of the designers recommended may suit the site, but I love seeing what people are excited by. It’s really important to know what’s out there. 
Who are some up-and-coming jewelry designers you’re excited about?  
Some of the newer designers we have on the site include Anne Manns who is based between Berlin and Northern Italy and launched just last year. Her work instantly grabbed me with its clean line and sculptural shapes. Another new designer who launched this year is Nathalie Schreckenberg based from Barcelona and Sao Paulo who has beautifully organic and imperfect forms which are carved from wax and then cast in a cool sterling silver. 
What are your hopes or dreams for the future? Any plans to expand?  
I am always looking at ways to make our offering more interesting so I will be looking into collaborating with designers to make sure we have the best assortment. From the beginning I have tried to offer some exclusive pieces when we can just to make sure there is something a bit different to discover on the site. I am also looking to collaborate with like-minded retailers to offer our curation within their stores. As for the future, I’m originally from Nova-Scotia a beautiful province on the East Coast of Canada and I have been dreaming of making a move back there to open a physical shop one day.   Parsons will acknowledge Solange for her contributions to fashion, entertainment, and activism during their annual benefit. Parsons will acknowledge Solange for her contributions to fashion, entertainment, and activism during their annual benefit. Text: Gillian Rivera Solange Knowles will be honored by The New School at the 70th Annual Parsons Benefit. The event, held on May 21st at Pier 60, will also honor Gucci CEO Marco Bizzarri and Farfetch CEO and founder Jose Neves. This lineup is chosen based on their stellar efforts in fashion, entrepreneurship, technology, and sustainability. Last year, this recognition was given to Rihanna for her relentless work towards accessible education for all women. The benefit is held each year by The New School's College of Performing Arts to raise funding for scholarships. The New School took to Instagram to announce the news, saying in a post, "It is our great pleasure to honor these pioneers of fashion, entrepreneurship, technology, sustainability, and entertainment at the 70th Annual #ParsonsBenefit on May 21st."  Solange. Marco Bizzarri, CEO of Gucci. José Neves, CEO and Founder of Farfetch. It is our great pleasure to honor these pioneers of fashion, entrepreneurship, technology, sustainability, and entertainment at the 70th Annual #ParsonsBenefit​ on May 21st. A post shared by  The New School (@thenewschool) on Mar 19, 2018 at 2:04pm PDT  Fashion tome “Franca: Chaos and Creation” launches at 10 Corso Como New York. Fashion tome “Franca: Chaos and Creation” launches at 10 Corso Como New York. Text: Czar Van Gaal 
The memory of Franca Sozzani, the late fashion journalist and former Vogue Italia editor-in-chief, lives on at 10 Corso Como. The global department store concept helmed by Franca’s sister Carla Sozzani has, in partnership with Assouline, launched the new fashion tome, Franca: Chaos and Creation. At the book party last night at Corso Como's newly opened South Street Seaport location, Franca's star-studded legacy was in good company, drawing legendary peers Anna Wintour, Grace Coddington, Suzy Menkes, and more. 
The 400-plus-page anthology includes personal and professional effects of Sozzani's, from letters with famous confidantes to indelible fashion imagery. Compiled by Franca's documentarian son Francesco Carrozzini, who directed a 2016 film of the same name, the book visualizes Franca as a fearless beacon, using her thirty-year reign at Vogue Italia to illuminate taboo topics from domestic violence to drug abuse. Visual highlights include the July 2008 issue of Vogue Italia, which exclusively featured models of color, and Madonna circa 1990 by Herb Ritts. 
Taking advantage of its retail surroundings, the party also featured a presentation of a special collection of vintage pieces previously owned by Sozzani, offered exclusively through Yoox. Proceeds from the book, officially shipping March 4, and the collection will benefit a new preventive genomics initiative at Harvard Medical School and Brigham Women's Hospital, established in Sozzani's honor. 
See inside the bittersweet event below.  From Once Upon a Hollywood to Kill Bill, we review the best on screen fashion moments in Tarantino movies. From Once Upon a Hollywood to Kill Bill, we review the best on screen fashion moments in Tarantino movies. Text: Paul Madley 
As Once Upon a Time in Hollywood hits cinemas, and the likelihood of his 10th film being the last, we review the best fashion moments from Quentin Tarantino movies. 
At a recent press conference, Tarantino said he has, “one more to make. I think when it comes to theatrical movies, I’ve come to the end of the road. I just think I’ve given all I have to give to movies,” 
From Death Proof to Kill Bill, Tarantino has given us some major fashion moments. 
The writer and director gives as much attention to styling and dress as he does camera angles and scripts. The attention to detail is always on point. Throughout his career, Tarantino has created some of cinema's most memorable looks. 
Uma Thurman in Pulp Fiction, wearing a white shirt, black pants and retro bob (iconic and go-to Halloween costume). 
The deadly schoolgirl assassin in Kill Bill, and even the simplicity of Jackie Brown’s flight attendant uniform. 
You can review the best fashion looks from Quentin Tarantino movies below.  The tattooed tv star who refuses to be anyone but herself. The tattooed tv star who refuses to be anyone but herself. Text: Jack Reilly Because of her beauty of a rose and edginess of its thorn, Australian model and actress Ruby Rose has been chosen to be the new face of G-Star Raw’s latest campaign. As a queer woman who is not one to shy from androgyny, she is representing the G-Star brand as confident, unique, and totally bad-ass. It seems only fitting seeing as she is an undeniable star who is completely raw and 100% authentic. Ruby started her career at sixteen as a model and eventually became more known from her job as a video jockey on MTV. Best known for her breakout role in Netflix’s Orange is the New Black, which launched her role on Twitter as a viral thirst-trap, she has gone on to work on a variety of projects, including her part as Batwoman on the CW. Having been bullied at a young age for her sexuality, Rose has chosen to rise above the negativity pushing her down, becoming a wildly successful icon. I had a chat with her about self-confidence, identity, sexuality, and representing a brand like G-Star. What’s it like being the face of this campaign and knowing that you’re very much in the public eye? Well, it’s exciting, with a brand like G-Star. You get different offers over the years for different campaigns, some you say yes to and some you say no to. It was a bit of a no-brainer for me because growing up it was a brand that I really associated myself with and really really liked. I remember always thinking their campaigns were so edgy and cool and different compared to other denim brands. I actually remember going to a casting call for G-Star when I was about sixteen, and I didn't get it, but you know the good news is now I got it. I think it's just a really authentic, organic brand. We both have the same kind of business ethics, and their motto and what they do aligns with what I stand for and what I believe. It's always a blessing to get these opportunities where you are able to be the face of something that you already highly respect. They said that they chose you based on your confidence and your dedication. How do you find the confidence to be able to be the face of a campaign and work on something like this as well as your career? Well, I think it sort of goes back to what I just said. When it comes to this campaign, there's no trouble finding confidence. We had such an amazing time, we flew to Barcelona, it was an amazing crew, and all the clothes fit my identity, so it just felt natural. This was really just wearing things that I would have worn anyway, and then being photographed. And as far as career-wise, in acting, confidence comes into play much more than something like this. You’re playing different roles and meeting all these different people all the time, from casting to directors to producers to other actors, and it makes the stakes really high. You have to have the confidence to know who you are really thoroughly to then show how complex another human is so you can play them with integrity and passion and give the role justice. And you know, as it’s life, some days you wake up really confident in your ability and your craft, and sometimes for no reason whatsoever, you wake up and you don't feel like that. I appreciate and admire that G-Star chose me based on confidence because just like any other human I have days where I'm like “where did my confidence go? Is it in the fridge? Is it under the bed? Where is it?” so it's just a balancing act of knowing how to stay grounded and centered. I think for me, I try to never stop working. If you don't have a job booked, you can still work. You can go to acting workshops and read scripts, you can watch movies that inspire you. I think the same thing can be said for someone who might work freelance. You can still broaden yourself and you’re still working you’re just not getting paid for it. You just have to actively put those disciplines in place, otherwise, anyone else in the world can do it. If you're not actively picking up the guitar every day but you want to be a guitar player, you're probably not going to have as much of a chance as other people who put in 8-12 hours a day regardless of if someone is telling them to or not. I know that you are very busy and have a ton of different projects you’ve been working on that have been super successful. I really admire how confident you seem and how open you are with yourself. How does it feel being a queer woman who is the face of this campaign, and being a queer icon in the media? Well I think it’s interesting because when I was modeling back when I was very young, which wasn't something I wanted to do it was something we needed to do to pay rent, I was always told that I had too many tattoos or too short hair, and all the things that were wrong with me and why it wouldn't work, especially in Australia. What I think is that if I had listened and I had tried to be one of those girls they wanted, I wouldn't be here today. The trick that I learned early on was looking to people I idolized, Annie Lennox, and Bowie, and Prince, and all the people who were very experimental and outspoken, and especially who were LGBTQ+ allies or queer themselves. Then there was Pink who came along with her shaved head and I was like “YES! This is the thing that makes sense to me.” I'm not Mandy Moore, I’m not Britney Spears, but Pink? That I can definitely get down with. I think that's when everything fell into place for me. When I realized that I couldn't spend forever trying to be who everyone wanted me to be. We are all unique and all different so if I'm trying to be someone else, then I'm trying to be something that isn't turning out the way it should. I was out at the age of twelve, and when I did MTV there was a conversation about not being “too out” too soon, just so that the narrative wasn't about my sexuality and so I could make my mark as a DJ and a presenter first, but it didn't really work out that way. Someone put in a tip to a paper and they called MTV. We had a discussion about whether or not I come out as gay, because that is what I was going to do anyway, or whether I come out as bisexual, because that was more “approachable” or “understandable” and less alienating. I was like, that's not really my style. Other people’s problems with who I am are not my concern. So I came out a couple of weeks into my job, and it wasn't really ever a question for me. I wanted to be someone in the world that could make a difference, and so when I got that opportunity, I was definitely not going to leave out one of the most important things about myself that I care about. I came out really early in life and in my career, and then I watched other people come out and other people in the industry say to me that was something that really helped in Australia. People were out, but not like today. In Australia, there wasn't really anyone, and so it was kind of a big deal but it just didn't feel like one. I think you just have to follow your heart, and I totally understand why some people don't come out early or they haven't come out yet, and why people don't think its anyone's business. It’s unique to who you are and what your past is and what your journey is, and mine was definitely to try to destigmatize my sexuality, because I was bullied about it in school for so long, and it felt really strange to talk about. When I had the power where people would listen to what I had to say and I had a platform, it just seemed like why would I not use that platform for the things I cared about the most? That was anti-bullying, LGBT, and animal rights. It’s great that you are able to use that negative aspect of your life and use it for something good like this. It's pretty clear they chose you because you're so unapologetically yourself. Yeah and it's funny, I get asked a lot what the highlight of my career is. You'd expect it to be getting a SAG award or even Orange is the New Black has to be one, but my highlight is getting on the Ellen show. I'm gay, very gay, so that was a pivotal moment in my career. For me, that was it. If I don't do anything else ever again at least I was on the Ellen show. It's just something I would have never thought about when I was twelve, thirteen, twenty even. It just seemed so unlikely. To have a conversation on a hugely loved and watched daytime show like it was just so normal. I wouldn't have been able to do that if it weren't for the people that had done far more than I have in far more testy times when there was way more to lose, like Ellen for instance. And they were the ones that have done all that hard work and sacrificed so much. Do you have any new projects you’re excited about? I just finished the pilot for Batwoman and I'm really excited for that and hope that gets picked up. Anything could happen when it comes to pilot season. But I really hope that story gets told because when we're talking about LGBTQ+, it just handles it with such grace. We've got gay writers, and basically predominantly women writing the show, and a lot of queer women. I just think it was so beautiful to tell a story about what it's like to grow up as gay. It wasn't easy and it hasn't always been easy, it's getting better every year in many ways but we still have a long way to go, and it really is a beautiful story about that. In a couple of weeks, I'm going to Romania to shoot the Doorman, which is an entirely different film altogether. But yeah I'm really busy but I'm so excited to start this year. I started with my campaign, went straight to Barcelona, then went straight to filming, it has been a great year and its only April. Well, that is very exciting! And it's great to see the rise of queer superheroes like Batwoman or someone like Nafessa Williams’ character in Black lighting. Yeah, we just wouldn't have seen this five years ago. Even a couple of years ago. I think Orange is the New Black was a huge turning point, with having a trans woman cast as a trans woman, having gay, lesbian, non-binary, just every type of relationship you could imagine. All showcased in a show that was brilliant, funny, and dramatic. And I think from there, there's transparent, there's shows that have come forward that have really included people and diversity. And the same goes for G-Star and brands that are actually listening to what people want, and who they are, and realizing that not everyone checks a certain box and not everyone dresses the same way, or fits in only a certain type of space. So when we see more of this inclusivity it just feels like, in many ways the world is in a strange place, but in many ways, there is greatness being taken in many areas and I think that allows us to approach things more positively.  Our Fall Preview 2018 Issue starring the fearless Gigi Hadid has arrived! Our Fall Preview 2018 Issue starring the fearless Gigi Hadid has arrived! Photography: Mario Sorrenti Styling: George Cortina 
Order your copy of V114: The Fearless Gigi Hadid Issue now at shop.vmagazine.com!   Go through a vivid color spectrum of spring's boldest and most eye-catching looks. Go through a vivid color spectrum of spring's boldest and most eye-catching looks. Photography: David Hans Cooke Styling: Marisa Ellison 
DRESS JEAN PAUL GAUTIER, SHOES A.F. VANDEVORST, NECKLACE, RINGS, EARRINGS, EAR CUFF ELLA GEM  Virginie Viard introduced her first ready-to-wear collection, while Gigi Hadid fended off intruders. Virginie Viard introduced her first ready-to-wear collection, while Gigi Hadid fended off intruders. Photography: Schohaja Text: Dylan Kelly 
After Karl Lagerfeld’s tragic passing in February, Virginie Viard had large shoes to fill as the successor to the legendary creative’s position as artistic director of Chanel. Having worked directly with the visionary for over 30 years, Viard was determined to keep his legacy of modern elegance alive as she established the next era for the French fashion house. Drawing inspiration from Lagerfeld’s visions as she drafted her first solo designs, Viard proved successful with the presentation of her first individual collection at the Chanel Cruise Show in May. In continuation of her inspired creativity, Viard sent her first ready-to-wear collection down the rooftop runway on the Grand Palais this morning as part of Paris Fashion Week, and proved, yet again, that her artistry reigns supreme.  
Inspired by the atmosphere of the “Nouvelle Vague” and paying tribute to the city of Paris, the Chanel Spring/Summer 2020 collection encapsulates a youthful vibrancy across a warm palette of colors and broad range of textiles. Bright red patterns complimented refined black ensembles across dresses and coats, while soft pinks and blues met essential whites and greys in combinations of skirts above-the-knee, fitted pants, and matching button-downs. An ode to Lagerfeld’s timeless influence, his treasured trio of Gigi Hadid, Luna Bijl, and Grace Elizabeth followed in line, introducing entirely sequinned tops and delicately belted mini shorts. A number of pristine black-and-white looks followed in suit, and spotted amidst was Kaia Gerber bouncing down the runway in a light ruffled top and high-waisted satin skirt.  
The presentation continued in cinematographic perfection, until the models descended the stage for their final walk. As Viard’s collection walked out in unison, a spectator by the name of Marie Benolie, a popular French Youtube personality, abruptly climbed onto the stage and began walking in line with the models. Wearing a matching houndstooth coat and skirt, Benolie intrusively alarmed guests, while models continued to calmly pursue their walk. Not to fret as Gigi Hadid saved the show, leaving her pose centerstage to direct the intruder off the runway herself.  
Despite the disrespectful interruption, Chanel’s Spring/Summer 2020 show concluded in admirable applause. Virginie Viard did not miss a beat with a chic collection of sheer sophistication. Take a look at imagery from the show below.    From Arles, France to the outskirts of Manhattan, we tour the heightened reality of cruise–no VR necessary. From Arles, France to the outskirts of Manhattan, we tour the heightened reality of cruise–no VR necessary. Photography: Tim Richardson Styling: Michelle Cameron Text: Devin Barrett 
This spread appears in the pages of V116, our Winter 2018 issue, arriving on newsstands November 8. Pre-order your copy of V116 at shop.vmagazine.com today! 
Back to the future; enter Ghesquière vision. Louis Vuitton Creative Director Nicolas Ghesquière has a knack for fusing ultra-chic futurism with ’80s cool. It’s a journey most certainly worth embarking on. After all, the storied Parisian house is rooted in the art of travel. And for Cruise, Ghesquière’s offerings are supercharged for a surreal dystopia. Ideal for the misty streets of Bladerunner, the popular Archlight sneaker has been reimagined as a thigh-high boot. The attitude is powerful, as are the jacket’s strong shoulders and resulting silhouette.  V took over the Bowery Electric with YouTube Music for a night to remember. V took over the Bowery Electric with YouTube Music for a night to remember. Photography: Griffin Lipson Text: AJ Longabaugh Last night, V Magazine threw a rager in the Bowery Electric's basement to celebrate supermodel Gigi Hadid and the launch of her FEARLESS V114 covers. Teaming up with YouTube music, the night was filled with throwback '90s R&B hits, "Fearless Margarita"s and "Gigi Tini"s, and a guest list that knew exactly how to set the tone right.The climatic moment of the evening arrived when rising pop star and V beloved Kim Petras surprised the crowd with an electric 4 song set including her hits "I Don't Want it at All" and "Heart To Break." Some our favorite faces from the night include Gigi Hadid, Inez & Vinoodh, Charli XCX, Winnie Harlow, Will Peltz, Hannah Ferguson, Precious Lee, Dylan Sprouse, and more. Peep the dive bar affair below, and bump and grind into the weekend with our exclusive "V Magazine’s Playlist for Gigi Hadid’s V114 Party @YouTubeMusic"!  The iconic actress is the brand's latest campaign starlet. The iconic actress is the brand's latest campaign starlet. Text: Gretty Garcia Inspired by "the lifestyles of the rich and famous in Hollywood," Gucci's latest campaign decided to exhibit the Sylvie bag and enlisted Faye Dunaway as its star. Captured by the esteemed Petra Collins, who has done work with Selena Gomez among many other celebrities, the photographs feature Dunaway playing and embracing her role both in print and on screen in the accompanying video. The ad closes with Dunaway's character presenting her daughter, played by French actress Soko, with a Sylvie bag reflective of the tangible generational bridging that the bag is capable of. The press release distributed by Gucci mentions the following about the actress' character for the campaign: [She] "spends her days being ferried around in a chauffeur-driven limo, signing autographs, shopping on Rodeo Drive, lounging poolside, playing tennis and living a life of luxurious leisure." Check out more photos from the campaign along with the video below!  Get to know Ryota Katayose, the J-pop sensation that's poised for worldwide domination—starting with Coney Island. Get to know Ryota Katayose, the J-pop sensation that's poised for worldwide domination—starting with Coney Island. Photography: Eric T. White Styling: Scott Shapiro Text: MATHIAS ROSENZWEIG To the average music consumer, the world of J-pop is intriguing, even if they can’t process the overwhelming scope of the booming industry. But to the fanatic, J-pop is an entire culture that transcends language and international borders, and Ryota Katayose was destined to be apart of it. The Japanese artist grew up in a musical family and shot to stardom in 2012 when he was announced as a vocalist of GENERATIONS from EXILE TRIBE. The seven-member boy band has become a sensation in their native Japan, racking up four studio albums and selling out stadiums across the country. Next up on Ryota and the group’s agenda: global domination.  How did you spend your summers as a teen?  I was on a soccer team, so I was playing soccer all day everyday the whole summer! When you were a teen, what did dream about becoming when you grew up? I’ve always wanted to become a musician or to be able to work in music somehow. Since my dad has been a high school music teacher (back then and even now), music has always been with my life, I grew up in it. I started to play a piano when I was 5 too. It has been my only and biggest dream: to live in music. What type of music were you listening to as a teen?  Because my dad used to listen to American music (global music) and some classics at home, that was all I was listening to as well, when I was little. My first CD I ever bought was Stevie Wonder’s Inner Vision, when I think was 10 years old. When I started junior high school, I started listening to lots of J-POP, learning all about it from my friends. I became a huge fan of a group EXILE, and now, I work with them under the same management company. They are my heroes, mentors, and big brothers. Did you have good taste in fashion during your teenage years? I honestly didn’t care much about fashion. I was always playing soccer and getting all muddy anyways. I found my interests in fashion when I started working as an artist. Is youth important? If so, how?  Yes. I think it’s important. People are the youngest in their own age today, right now, at this moment. I think it’s important to treasure every second of being the youngest in your lifetime. And, you can only look back at your youth when you grow up. I think it’s necessary for me to look back once in a while and remember what was important and was exciting when I was young, so that I can appreciate my current state a lot more. What's your impression of Coney Island?  It was my first time there! But, I somehow felt like I’ve been there before. I think it was because of the nostalgic vibe the place has. I had a great time shooting there but I would want to try the Cyclone the next time! What's one piece of advice you wish you could tell your younger self?  Be yourself! Don’t try to be anybody else, just be you. If you could spend your summer anywhere/doing anything, where would you be and what would you do?  Paris. I’ve been there once but I love it there. I’d love to spend a summer there wandering around the city, going to all the galleries and museums, drinking wine at outside terrace. That would be fun! Did you like Disney as a kid? Yes! I don’t remember why but I think I really liked to watch Peter Pan and 101 Dalmatians.  Riccardo Tisci’s first festive campaign for Burberry is here, and it celebrates love, togetherness, union, and hope. Riccardo Tisci’s first festive campaign for Burberry is here, and it celebrates love, togetherness, union, and hope. Text: Paul Madley With Christmas just around the corner, global fashion brands are battling it out to meet all of our Holiday needs. Riccardo Tisci might have just won the game with his first-ever festive campaign for Burberry. Shot by longtime collaborators and friends Mert Alas and Marcus Piggot, the campaign stars 90’s Supermodel Carla Bruni and the legendary Sasha Pivovarova. Tisci also recruited British model Ikram Abdi Omar, and Chinese actress Zhou Dongyu. In the campaign video, a diverse range of models wear Tisci’s latest creations while the song “What is love?” by Deee-lite plays over the film. The campaign celebrates “the notion of togetherness, union, hope, and love.” Commenting on the festive campaign Tisci said, “I am connected to the idea of unity, togetherness and challenging the perception of what love is today. This for me is the real spirit of the season. It’s one of my favorite times of the year—when I can stop, reflect and reconnect with those who make me feel happy and at home, no matter where I am in the world. I loved the idea of bringing together a group of people that have been so supportive of me since I joined Burberry to celebrate my first-holiday campaign for the house.” Check out the Burberry festive campaign video below.   In honor of International Handbag Day 2019. In honor of International Handbag Day 2019. Photography: Anthony Cotsifas Styling: Catherine Newell-hanson 
From V70, Spring 2011: 
"Let's face it: A pet is as much an accessory as any must-have bag. When color-coordinated, the pussy and the purse make a purrfect pair."  The house goes holographic — and protects you from inclement weather. The house goes holographic — and protects you from inclement weather. Text: Jake Viswanath 
Maison Margiela has their sights set on the future. After transforming a London pub into an ultra-silver safe haven (even chairs were covered in glossy foil) for the Fall 2018 show of their MM6 line, the French house turned a Grand Palais room into a sleek white space typical of your favorite sci-fi flicks to show their main line back home. Thankfully, the clothes lived up to their space-age promise as well. 
Every piece that walked down the runway felt like a take on haute couture that already traveled through time and space before returning to present day. Iridescent shine, plastic shields, and metallic shades were omnipresent, paired with chunky knit creations and revved-up sneakers. Blazers and trenches were cut into asymmetrical structures with an overblown sleeve, while nylon jackets were given a slight twist of bondage with biker shapes and straps. 
Margiela has always mastered the avant-garde creation, but this season felt even more visionary for multiple reasons beyond the futuristic vibes. Nearly every look came complete with some sort of head cover, whether it be transparent hoods or a full-on bike helmet. It was a collection built to impress and yet somehow able to protect. Click through to see the collection in full.   It's time for TAG Heuer's third reveal in New York. Get the details. It's time for TAG Heuer's third reveal in New York. Get the details. Text: Teddy Willson Time flies when you’re making must-have after must-have. In honor of TAG Heuer’s 50th anniversary of its iconic watch, the brand will unveil its third limited-edition timepiece, with two still to come. Cipriani, a posh Wall Street landmark, will host the celebration tonight. In an aptly-crafted entrance, guests will step back in time to TAG Heuer’s founding and continue their walk through the ages in the brand’s heritage exhibition. A light show and reverence-filled video will project throughout the venue’s grand hall before the ultimate reveal. The third in a lineup of five special-edition designs, the watch is inspired by the 1990s, the Swiss brand’s third decade in the business of luxury design. The two already-released watches were nods to the ’70s and ’80s, while the two upcoming timepieces will honor the past two decades. In typical TAG Heuer fashion, each watch has ties to motor racing. The first was unveiled at the Monaco Formula 1 Grand Prix and the second was unveiled in Le Mans, France, the home to the 24 Hours of Le Mans car race. Today’s reveal sets the stage for Brooklyn’s 2019 New York City E-Prix, a Formula E Championship race taking place in three short days. 2017/2018 Formula E Champion Jean-Éric Vergne will be in attendance at the TAG Heuer’s celebration, alongside other celebrity guests like Olivia Culpo, Patrick Dempsey and Paulina Vega. Take a look at the upcoming motor racing schedule, and we’d be willing to bet that you’ll get a hint as to the timing of the final two TAG Heuer unveils.  Gucci is going back to their Italian roots in their new exhibition. Gucci is going back to their Italian roots in their new exhibition. Text: Erin McDowell 
There's no other way to put it — Gucci dominated 2017. From awe-inducing collections to a decor line, Gucci has set itself apart from the crowd with their innovative designs and exciting collaborations. Now, everything you love about the fashion house is culminating in one brand exhibition. Today, the Gucci Garden--which includes the osteria, boutique and galleria curated by Maria Luisa Frisa--will be a permanent fixture at the historic Palazzo della Mercanzia in the heart of Florence. Going back to their Italian roots, Gucci will offer a store featuring limited-edition products and a restaurant led by Italian Michelin-starred chef Massimo Bottura during Pitti Uomo. 
From the neon artwork of an eye, one of their new Gucci Garden logos, to the exquisite furnishings of the restaurant, Gucci Osteria, the designers of the brand space aimed to reflect Gucci's past, present, and future. Curator and critic Maria Luisa Frisa worked with creative director Alessandro Michele to bring the space to life, honing in on the elements of Gucci that make the brand so iconic. ‘The past is very much part of the present at Gucci, which is perfectly in keeping with Alessandro’s idea of the brand, and indeed his attitude to Florence, Gucci’s home, which he sees as a city where history is still vibrantly alive", Frisa said of the collaboration. 
Gucci Osteria will feature a reimagined menu by Bottura, including twists on traditional Italian dishes influenced by Bottura's travels abroad. Among Gucci Garden's merchandise are exclusive creations sold on-site such as silk bomber jackets adorned with the Gucci Garden logo, luxurious brocade items, and many more items exclusively sold at the boutique. Click through the slideshow to step inside the Gucci Garden.   Maria Grazia Chiuri gives the house of Christian Dior a hopeful entrance into next spring. Maria Grazia Chiuri gives the house of Christian Dior a hopeful entrance into next spring. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
After presenting her latest cruise collection inspired by the world of female Mexican rodeo set inside a stable with the pouring rain accompanying the lengthy parade of models (and the iconicly revived Dior saddle bag), designer Maria Grazia Chiuri goes back to Christian Dior's roots and sets her SS19 collection inside the fashion house staple: a black box. 
Enlisting Tel Aviv choreographer Sharon Eyal and a troupe of eight extremely limber and infectious dancers, Chiuri defines the coming spring/summer season with poetic and contemporary movements shaping an ideal atmosphere these garments will thrive in. Feeling rejuvenated as ever, this Dior collection feels elegantly relaxed and silhouette savvy, while the narrative smoothly flows with the designers vision of epic emotion. 
Fleeing from corseted waists and over structured skirts or lines, Chiuri allows shape to be defined as how the garments fall on each of the models instead of how they are fitted. At first, dresses and skirts feel nearly weightless flowing among the pedals and the dancers constant movement alike, and then grow into more contemporary silhouettes using sheer fabrics and belts to convey the motion within each ensemble. Adding in florals, the designer subdues the saturation of the fabrics and instead allows the viewers to take a closer look at each detail, creating a sort of magic in the dark space that's indeed providing generous amounts sensory stimulation. Ending her collection on an all too familiar note, Chiuri succeeds in creating tule masterpieces and ending with a delicately flowing entirely tule gown romantically finding its way through through the darkness. 
In finale, the climax of the Sharon Eyal's dance piece comes to fruition and the celebration of heading into a new season beams in every inch of the space. We may be headed into the fall season now, but allow this collection to serve as the hope you need to make it to spring! 
Check out some of Christian Dior's SS19 collection below:   Issey Miyake's FW18 collection trails away from trend and theatrically explores texture. Issey Miyake's FW18 collection trails away from trend and theatrically explores texture. Text: Thomas Chou  For his FW 2018 collection, Japanese designer Issey Miyake, refreshingly turned away from trend in order to focus on texture. Oversized fits, athleisure elements, and muted colors fused together to conjure a sense of utilitarian tundra-wear with a modern and high-concept edge.   Evocative of Miyake’s FW collections of the past, freeform silhouettes and unstructured lines dominated the latest collection. However, Miyake chose to keep this season’s designs more muted in tone — black, white, and a standout rich, burnt orange color tied together the primarily color-less storyline. Another highlight of the collection included dramatically high necklines that were delicately offset with the addition of shaggy fur and vision-warping stripes.   In the last dozen looks of the runway show, Miyake turned up the dial on color. The designer featured bright jackets that managed to incorporate avant-garde style elements into a ready-to-wear collection — a Miyake signature move. Miyake chose to keep the styling of the models light, with rosy eyelids and wind-swept cheeks making a soft statement. However, to offset the faintness of the makeup, many models were outfitted with theatrical, fly-eye shaped glasses, adding intensity and force to the collection as a whole.   Designer Issey Miyake and his namesake label represent an unwavering pillar within fashion that has stayed true to a cohesive style narrative, unwilling to bend despite the overwhelming influence of trends. With such an inimitable and innovative vision, Issey Miyake remains a stalwart brand within the fashion industry —channeling high art concepts into wearable garments for nearly 50 years.     Photography: Therese Aldgard  The dynamic couple turn the lens on each other for rag & bone's SS18 eyewear campaign. The dynamic couple turn the lens on each other for rag & bone's SS18 eyewear campaign. Text: Danielle Combs 
As of lately, rag & bone, has been steadily churning out awe-inducing campaigns that boldly encompass the brand's edgy New York aesthetic melded with a British heritage twist. Running with that theme, the brand has unveiled their SS18 eyewear campaign featuring husband and wife, Kate Bosworth and Michael Polish, who turned the lens on each other for an intimate portrayal that showcases them tucked away at home or on the road. 
Shot on a variety of Leica cameras, the artistic couple masterfully captured the simplicity and timeless designs of 31 reimagined sunglasses and opticals. "We have tremendous respect for Kate and Michael's work in film and their eye for photography," said Marcus Wainwright, who founded rag & bone and currently serves as CEO and creative director. "Their input on the project created something timeless, but personal." 
Throughout the campaign, Kate can be seen modeling peachy-pink cat eye sunglasses, black square oversized frames and tortoiseshell opticals that offer a wholly new approach to modernized eyewear. Additionally, men will be equally  pleased to wear the brand's fresh reinterpretation of retro aviator sunglasses and classic wire-framed opticals that Michael can be seen sporting. 
With the collection's wide range of frames to choose from there is bound to be a pair fit for any and everyone. Click through the slideshow to see how the couple captured rag & bone's timeless styles available at the end of January.    V takes Marc Jacobs' iconic FW18 collection to the streets of NYC with supermodel Ajak striking a pose on every corner. V takes Marc Jacobs' iconic FW18 collection to the streets of NYC with supermodel Ajak striking a pose on every corner. Photography: Roy Schweiger Styling: Anna Katsanis  Text: AJ Longabaugh Today, LVMH Prize founder Delphine Arnault awarded Doublet the 2018 LVMH Grand Prize, as presented by Emma Stone and Jaden Smith in Paris today. Doublet will receive a prize package of over €300,000, plus a year's worth of mentoring for the industry's leaders. The Japanese based brand Doublet, helmed by designer Masayuki Ino, was established in 2012 with the creative aim to further push ready-to-wear standards by designing clothing that adds “a feeling of strangeness to daily wear.” Along with the Grand Prize, fellow finalist Rokh was presented with an LVMH special prize. The design collective (all recent graduates) will receive a cash prize, as well as a year's internship at some of fashion's most esteemed houses: Archie M. Alled-Martinez will head to Givenchy, Maya Chantout is to join Céline, and Scylia Chevauxwill is heading to the studio at Louis Vuitton.    Kaimin of the fashion house KAIMIN speaks about the SS20 fashion show and the new denim line. Kaimin of the fashion house KAIMIN speaks about the SS20 fashion show and the new denim line. Text: Cullen Ormond The ability to successfully take opposing dualities, each with their own unique, fixed characteristics, and combine the two to create something greater than their own individualities is a rare gift. A talent that is quite a notable feat, but Kaimin, creative director of KAIMIN, makes it look effortless. The Spring/Summer 2020 Introspective Prism collection, held at Studio 525 in Chelsea, brought “fantasy to reality” by pairing the influences of high fashion, structured designs and quality materials, with the grunge and nonchalance of street-wear. Light and dark tones were juxtaposed on the runway with brightly colored pieces atop a moody black background. KAIMIN is typically a female-oriented brand, however, in this collection she mixed masculine and feminine characteristics to create pieces that all people can identify with. Photography by Jonas Gustavsson from the SS20 show. Embracing qualities in contrasting forces is done to epitomize those who wear the clothes. KAIMIN’s clothes are designed for people that exude confidence, embrace the power of femininity, and are not afraid to shock people. “I love when spectacular, haute couture is in a more normal-life setting, which is often unexpected, but when done in an unforced way it’s a beautiful contrast, a true testament to self-expression, and I’d like that to be more accepted,” said Kaimin. “If one is sufficiently self-aware and doesn’t take things too seriously, wearing even the most extravagant of KAIMIN pieces will further empower and enliven them.” The list of influential people who have worn KAIMIN pieces is lengthy, but some notable mentions are Nicki Minaj, Bjork, and Lady Gaga—three women who radiate powerful, unabashed conviction in their style and talent. But if Kaimin had to design a look for one person, living or dead, it would be Prince – which comes as no surprise. He was able to take dramatic looks and wear them in the normal, common settings.    @ladygaga celebrates the launch of her beauty line @hauslabs 🍾🥳 Wearing #KAIMIN SS20 ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Styled by @nicolaformichetti Styling assisted by @from_theriver ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ #kaimin #kaiminfashion #kaiminofficial #IntrospectivePrism #ss20 #ladygaga #hauslabs A post shared by  KAIMIN (@kaiminofficial) on Sep 17, 2019 at 4:46am PDT  And KAIMIN has taken the idea of taking common pieces and turning them into a work of art a step further. She utilized 3D technology to enhance a capsule collection of denim titled Stratasys x SLFF KAIMIN. Kaimin explains that she has always been fascinated by what is waiting in the distant future and how this relates to her desire to create this line of denim.    @SLFF_KAIMIN denim x @STRATASYS w/ 3D design by @FitchWork @yoventura ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Styling: @ronnie_hart Thank you @CRstudio for all your support Casting: @danteonellcasting ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Makeup: @kabukinyc @maccosmetics⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Hair: @francogobbi1 aided by @premahair Thank you always @anti.collective Mutation Nails: @luxebytracylee ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Special thank you to KAIMIN creative homebase @studio525nyc – excited to support #Studio525 Art Accelerator ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ DJ: @narrokh ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Production: @caramelproductionnyc @jtarcos ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Photography: @jonas_snapsalot ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ #SLFF_KAIMIN #KAIMIN #KAIMINofficial #KAIMINfashion #SLFFdenim #IntrospectivePrism #studio525nyc A post shared by  KAIMIN (@kaiminofficial) on Sep 12, 2019 at 5:19am PDT  “We’re already living in today so it’s a lot more fun to design for tomorrow,” Kaimin said. “The world is changing rapidly, with digital technology taking over all aspects of human life, and I’d like to be part of this change and not just focus on fashion necessarily but include new ideas and lifestyle changes to better connect with and expand my community and our values.” However, Kaimin is used to working with technology as her brand was “born out of a digital-heavy project and grew up almost entirely online” beginning in 2016. KAIMIN deeply respects innovations in technology the partnership with Stratsys, a 3D printing company and “pioneers in the additive manufacturing space” (as Kaimin warmly describes them) was a perfect match. The denim collection features designs that push the boundaries including cut-outs in the upper thigh area that extends from front to back. There is also a design that shows off the leg’s natural shape by tightening certain areas with what looks like duct tape. As advancements in the realm of fashion coupled with technology continue to expand, Kaimin also likes to pay homage to the creative environment. “People’s unprecedented ability to communicate who they are has opened up new frontiers. In only a few years, social media exposed how varied yet similar and interconnected different cultures’ tastes are, and how people of all walks of life can become influential by traversing these different planes,” said Kaimin. “Being skilled in multiple areas has become the norm for many young creatives today and this polymathic affects fashion a lot. There are so many cross-functional innovators out there and fashion definitely benefits from this, becoming more interesting and multifaceted.” And in accordance with that forward-thinking vision, when asked where Kaimin thought the brand would be in five to 10 years, she expressed a desire for further innovation and collaboration with other creatives. “We want to be more cross-functional and would love to do more than just fashion, even if it’s in a more non-permanent format like seasonal collaborations,” said Kaimin. “I just wish to meet and inspire more people and to learn from them so we can all come up with a never-before-seen symbiosis of unlikely fields that not only is cool but also could change lives for the better and bring signature KAIMIN flavor to people in more than one way.”    At the cusp of the 20th century, draped blazers and collared dresses claimed prominence among trends. At the cusp of the 20th century, draped blazers and collared dresses claimed prominence among trends. Photography: Maddy Grace Oputa Styling: Ali Claire Marino Text: Dylan Kelly 
“Wannabe” by The Spice Girls echoes from the jukebox, a group of teens are battling each other in a game of Street Fighter II at the arcade, and you’re sipping on a milkshake at the diner in a sleek bomber—ah, the sweet smell of the ‘90s. An age of exploration and discovery, the ‘90s completely flipped the code of style on its side. Girls wore graphic band t-shirts under long slip dresses and men wore striped button-ups under denim overalls, combinations that had never been deemed appropriate in years prior. The ‘90s were a pivotal era that defined completely new trends across mainstream media and celebrated the idea of being different. Whether the decade reminds you of a black leather jacket with shoulder pads or a colorful babydoll dress with combat boots, the '90s will forever have a prominent place in fashion history. Take a look at the reminiscent editorial imagery, shot by Maddy Grace Oputa, below.   Currently adding a gold lamé cape to our wish list. Currently adding a gold lamé cape to our wish list. Text: Erin McDowell 
When it comes to the perceptions of the Fashion Week crowd, Ralph Lauren remains American royalty. In the fashion house's latest collection, the designer draws inspiration from its classic references — military-inspired jackets, naval blazers, and color-blocked sweaters that border on "preppy." However, this collection is noticeably elegant, nostalgic yet effervescently fresh, and ready for a fabulous party, from the sheer bell-bottom sleeves of one ensemble down to the metallic gold T-strap sandles with rubber detailing throughout. 
The show was peppered with Fashion Week mainstays like Bella Hadid and Taylor Hill. Perhaps the most notable moment of the show occurred when Hadid ascended the staircase of Ralph's Cafe — a set expanded from the coffee shop on the top floor of the Ralph Lauren Madison Avenue womens' flagship building for the Fall 2019 show — in a glittering v-neck gown seemingly ripped from the pages of an F. Scott Fitzgerald novel. The collection in its entirety is effortlessly chic, and the monochromatic color scheme layered with metallic elements create a collection that seems destined for the most glamorous night out one could possibly imagine. Plus, they served breakfast.    V gets down and dirty in this free-spirited shoot. V gets down and dirty in this free-spirited shoot. Photography: Angelo Sgambati Styling: Donald Lawrence Text: Teddy Willson  Nothing screams rebellious and carefree like dirt biking. In this outdoorsy shoot, V celebrates these youthful qualities, adding a touch of stylish flare along the way. Plaid knits, leather jackets and frilly ponchos collide in this series, bringing together dirt racing and the best of Fall/Winter collections.   Check out the full series from photographer Angelo Sgambati and stylist Donald Lawrence below.  
 
 Photographer: Angelo Sgambati, Cinematographer: Jon Hechtkopf, Stylist: Donald Lawrence, Grooming: Bekah Lesser, Makeup: Bree Stanchfield, Models: Rachel Conner (Wilhemina Models), Antonio Calavano (Vision Los Angeles), Riders: Aiden Tijero, Bjorn Viney, Noah Viney  A trend turned to staple, V have rounded up the rollers to consider. A trend turned to staple, V have rounded up the rollers to consider. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
Everyone reacts differently to the transitional period between seasons. Whether it's your diet, your sleep routine, or the condition of your skin, uncontrollable change is on the horizon for us all as we enter fall with the winter following right behind. One way to gain some security during this time is maintaining the power when it comes to the state of your face. 
Question: Have these dark mornings made it really hard for you to roll out of bed, forbidding you from your usual routine of properly getting ready in the morning? Look no further than: the jade roller. 
A beauty hack that seemed like more of a trend than a staple, jade rolling is still gaining momentum as a must-have for your overall wellness and skincare routine. Reducing puffiness and allowing for the excess moisture to be released from the under-eye, jade rolling allows for you to refresh your face by easily eliminating the bad and solidifying and tightening the good. 
So, if you haven't started rolling, V have rounded up nine of the most popular jade rollers to consider trying today!  An army of bold beauties usher in the strength of the season. From impactful prints to laser-sharp elegance, the fall collections offer a vividly diverse picture of modern femininity. An army of bold beauties usher in the strength of the season. From impactful prints to laser-sharp elegance, the fall collections offer a vividly diverse picture of modern femininity. Photography: Paul Maffi Styling: Anna Trevelyan 
A version of this spread appears in the pages of V114: The Fearless Gigi Hadid Issue on newsstands now! Order your copy of V114 at shop.vmagazine.com.  The designer makes no distinctions of age, gender, race, and appearance when it comes to his street-inspired collections. The designer makes no distinctions of age, gender, race, and appearance when it comes to his street-inspired collections. Text: Erin McDowell 
Nicolò Tonetto Milano's brand vision is crystal clear—having "no target" means no limitations to what is possible. Nicolò Tonetto, the designer and founder, prefers to keep his options open when it comes to building his flourishing brand. Straying away from typical gender conformities, the fashion line showcases collections that are inherently unisex and able to be worn by anyone, regardless of creed, race, sexuality, or gender. We sat down with the fashion entrepreneur to discuss social media, his brand ethos, and how Nicolò Tonetto Milano's aesthetic is changing the game of streetwear-inspired fashion. 
You're very hands-on with your brand, doing everything from manufacturing to photography. What is the benefit of this?  
Keeping a close eye on every aspect gives me full control on the direction of the brand. Nicolò Tonetto Milano has a different and revolutionary vision, crystal clear in my mind but not easy to transfer to my staff, especially given the young age of the project. 
How has social media played into your career or your life in general? 
Social media has been a way to gain visibility and show my real self without intermediaries, interferences, and filters whatsoever, breaking the rules of a system that makes almost impossible to express us freely. 
Can you describe "the Power of Will" and what it means to you? 
Where there’s a will, there’s a way. We must follow the river of our life without breaks or mental barriers, and we’ll end up where we’re really meant to be. A book I suggest to everybody is ‘The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho, it’s a good starting point. 
Why did you choose to have "no target" for your brand? What difficulties does it bring about? 
I believe the distinction of people into targets is a stretch, not something inherent in the human being, that makes us forget who we really are, creating limits and barriers, and shaping relationships based merely on appearance. That’s why the target of my brand is the ‘no-target’: no distinctions of age, gender, race and life choices. Following this vision is not easy at all and is often seen as an uncomfortable choice, when in fact it’s the one thing that makes my brand different from the others and deeply personal. 
Can you describe your relationship with Frank? How did the two of you meet? 
I met Frank on the street three years ago, on Christmas Day, the day of his 67th birthday: I immediately understood that he was a special person, living his life to the fullest and capable of appreciating every single day with a spirit, an insouciance, and an energy that I’ve never seen before. From that day we started seeing each other often and we had many crazy nights around the world, where Frank could finally let out his great passion for music and club culture. After just a few months, I decided to adopt him. 
 Why did you start a modeling agency? How is it going? Is it a hard business to learn? 
The purpose of my agency is the scouting of talents, but not only in fashion. I decided to start this business because I love to discover and unlock the hidden potential of people. We’re in the early startup phase, but until now everything’s going as planned. 
How do you define success for yourself? 
For me, success is reaching the point where you have the opportunity to explain your vision and lifestyle to the people, and maybe being an example for some of them. 
 What are your goals for this year? 
This year, as every year, my goals are to experience strong and new emotions, evolve mentally, stay strong in my path, and have crazy and unique moments worth telling. 
How would you describe your aesthetic? 
I love people who don’t know to be beautiful, but know that nobody is better than them. I love difficult things, accomplished in a simple and natural way. 
 How do the digital world and the real world intersect, in your opinion? 
The digital world is a second brain we need to manage.   'Eckhaus Latta: Possessed' will be the Whitney's first fashion exhibition in 21 years. 'Eckhaus Latta: Possessed' will be the Whitney's first fashion exhibition in 21 years. Text: AJ Longabaugh In an exciting announcement, Eckhaus Latta will present the first solo fashion exhibition at the Whitney in 21 years. Eckhaus Latta: Possessed will highlight the work of the designer duo Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Latta, who have built their fashion design careers by using unexpected materials, emphasizing textures, and incorporating writing, visuals, and performance into their craft. Nancy and Fred Poses Associate Curator, Christopher Lew, says, "As part of the Whitney's emerging artist program, we sometimes showcase creative figures outside of the visual arts. These figures from fields such as fashion, music, architecture, design, and food approach their disciplines in ways that are akin to visual artists, often questioning the systems and parameters that define what they do, speaking to the broader cultural moment, and blurring the boundaries between disciplines." Eckhaus Latta will create three installations that will explore and navigate conversations surrounding fashion consumption, advertising, inspiration, and creation. Co-organizer of the exhibition, Lauri London Freedman, says, "Working with Mike and Zoe has challenged us to consider the roles that our museum spaces play and the objects that are presented. They pushed us to ask broader questions such as 'How can we reexamine the format of an exhibition?' and 'What is the best way to exhibit an artist's work." The 2018 LVMH Prize of Young Fashion Designers finalists will open Eckhaus Latta: Possessed starting on August 3. The exhibit will run through October.  Possessed | Opens this summer @whitneymuseum A post shared by @ eckhaus_latta on May 29, 2018 at 12:21pm PDT  A roundup of our cover girl's greatest hair moments. A roundup of our cover girl's greatest hair moments. Text: Fred Sahai Billie Eilish releases hit after hit, but also serves look after look. Her amazing beauty moments are as numerous as her bangers. Most notably, she's been pretty adventurous when it comes to her hairstyles. In honor of her V cover, which features what is perhaps one of her best hair looks yet, we've rounded up some of her key mane-moments.  look what i did today. turn on ya tv, watch that shit. @jimmyfallon A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Mar 22, 2018 at 8:41pm PDT There's something interesting about a seventeen-year-old going grey. But Billie makes the case for grey at any age.  nori from barbie fairytopia headass A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Aug 16, 2018 at 4:49am PDT Ever the queen of making roots look good, this black and blue combo makes her look like a groovy superhero — or villain.  i must be missing something A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Mar 7, 2019 at 11:10am PST This frosty tone makes her look cooler than ice. Sorry, we had to.  if i’m not here to love you what am i here for A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Apr 16, 2019 at 11:34pm PDT So we're not entirely sure what to name this hue. Is it black, is it grey, is it blue? Definable ofrnot, one thing's for sure, she's rocking it.  what do you want from me A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Jul 6, 2019 at 8:41pm PDT Lastly, Billie showcased that roots can actually be chic, especially when they're neon green.  Get all the details about their latest collaboration. Get all the details about their latest collaboration. Text: Jake Viswanath 
When Carol Lim and Humberto Leon founded Opening Ceremony in 2002, it became an instant destination for fashionistas and casual observers alike, carrying the most eye-catching and innovative pieces in fashion. Now the store has become a hotspot for designers to work together and experiment, with the latest collaboration being with legendary sportswear brand Esprit. Opening Ceremony is working with the label for the third season in a row, riffing off the iconic logo and the colorful collegiate styles of the '80s and '90s to create a range of plaid jackets, reversible bombers, and cozy sweaters, among other pieces. To get the details on this collaboration that continues to reinvent itself, we caught up with Carol at the store to discuss the inspiration behind the latest collection and why its versatility is so important. 
Do you want to just start by walking us through a little bit about the inspiration behind the collection? 
Of course. This was inspired by our days at Berkeley, Humberto and I. A lot of it is around pieces that, you know, we were imagining back there now, just like things that we would want in our closet, not so literally like if you were 18, but also things that are super iconic to us really, which is their knitwear, just this idea of twin sets, obviously print and color, so this to us is like the best of, and also kind of infusing, you know, obviously their logo, which is an amazing logo, you know, that we have throughout a lot of the pieces, things like this, this is actually my favorite piece, you know, just because of suspenders. I mean I think the idea of the brand when you think about it is taking, there’s a California ease infused with I think kind of design and if you think about Doug and Susie when they started this, you guys are probably all too young, so you don’t remember, but you know it started and no one was designing clothing like this in the U.S., and they were super inspired by their travel and their trip to Europe, they were very much into design and culture, which is why they ended up having a very close relationship with Sottsass, which is why their stores were amazingly designed. They were really the first brand that took a point of view on literally everything. I mean, you know, the collection was one part of it, but the store, the packaging, even their campaigns around casting real people, using their campaigns for political messaging, I mean they were very, very active. I mean, you know, Doug went on to found North Face. They’re very much into sustainability, life, and how they can infuse that into their brands, and so to us, it speaks to us and this kind of embodies that. That ease but that kind of flair. So, some of my other favorite pieces. I love just this, you know, easy pieces. 
Yeah, how did you stumble upon the patterns and the use of colors? 
So, we thought about the things they were known for and we were like, “What is going to be our modern interpretation of the print?” And so a lot of this comes from that feeling. it feels very ESPRIT, but obviously it’s stuff that’s been created for now. It’s pretty great to work with their rich history and to be able to apply it to now. I mean some of the hallmarks for us is reversibility, so a lot of the pieces in actually all three collections are reversible, so that’s a big part of what we do. 
There's a lot of versatility within the collection. Why is that so important?  
I mean you know we’re always of the thought – I don’t know maybe because we’re Asian American [laughs] and, you know, our parents have… – when you can finish a garment beautifully, you know, we’re just like, “Let’s just take it one step further and make it reversible.” Because we love that. I mean think about it, if you could have two looks in one, like, you know, it’s such a bonus. And if you’ve never reversed it, you know that you could, and so for us, it’s something we always think about – versatility and value. 
Yeah, and can you also talk a little bit about how the line is all-inclusive? Because I heard that it’s also unisex, which I think is great. 
Yep. That’s been a big part actually of a lot of the collection that we’ve design. You know, we find that even as you shop areas, we don’t see that people kind of stick to certain areas. So, this felt really exciting to think about because, you know, it’s a tighter collection and so we said, “How can we...” I mean the guys and girls were attracted to all the different products anyways and how they would style it, and so for us, we’re like, “Let’s try to make everything as unisex as possible.” You know, there are certain things that maybe like this would be more feminine, but even now it, like, it doesn’t really matter, and to us, we’ve always been about celebrating the, you know, idea of occasions and wearing different pieces to different things. I mean that’s how Humberto got me to try – I mean we always think about the store like half of it’s going to be for you and half of it’s not, and that’s ok, but the other half, like come in and have fun and explore and I think, you know, for this, especially because a lot of these pieces are, you know, there’s an ease to them, like, we’re like, “Let’s make everything, you know, unisex.” 
That’s amazing. What are some of your other favorite pieces from the collection? 
This little bomber too, which we have in the pink color way. I mean I love this set here, I love the sets. I mean I just remember growing up my favorite ESPRIT piece was this fuchsia cherry print. It was a button down shirt with these little kind of cropped pants and I just remember wearing it as a set and feeling like super happy and I think that’s what the brand is also known for, is kind of this joyfulness and, like, feeling optimistic, and I think when you see all the prints, I mean not that you have to wear it that way, but a lot of people do, and I think it’s a pretty, you know, signature hallmark for the brand. 
Absolutely. I also notice too that a lot of designers now are starting to carve out clothes that have sets together, so you can wear pieces whether it’s pants or a jacket or a skirt. 
Yeah, definitely. It’s funny because I feel like that was maybe reserved for people that were like, “Oh, we’re going to make a statement,” but I feel like it’s happening in all types of brands and I don’t know, it also makes it easy, you have a full look and you can separate it then. 
Totally. That’s awesome. I noticed especially with some of the plaid pieces, it kind of reminded me of like an updated version of a colorful school uniform. 
Yeah. Definitely. I mean we definitely, you can see some of the influence here in just like the pleated little skirt. A lot of it is around kind of that inspiration, but just obviously paired back to obviously you could wear it with a T-shirt tucked it or wear it over leggings, but yeah, the kind of school and like our – the height of when we were wearing this, I mean I was wearing it from when I was nine or ten all the way through college and I just think about all the different kind of occasions and we try to infuse all of that into this. 
 Why do you think ESPRIT and Opening Ceremony have a perfect partnership?  
I mean I would say that, you know, a lot of the philosophy of ESPRIT is what Humberto and I personally believe. We had a chance through this collaboration to talk to Susie and she talked about why her and Doug started it and they’re like, “We didn’t study fashion and we didn’t plan to start a line, but we’re just like, we see awesome things happening in Europe and we’re going to take that and pair it back to, you know, the California ease and create a line and just play with clothing.” It was a lot more functional and they didn’t see kind of the flare that was in Europe when they were traveling, you know, and they’re like, “We’re going to do our own version of that,” so they just started. It wasn’t like, “We’re going to create this line and do that” – everything evolved naturally. They would travel throughout Europe and they would meet amazing architects and they were like, “Hey, will you like – ” and they became friends and they were like, “Will you come and design our store?” So much of that narrative speaks to how we started Opening Ceremony. I mean I studied economics and Humberto studied art [laughs] and, you know, we just we were like, “Let’s open a story.” I mean mainly because we wanted to support our friends who were designing, and then at the same time we were like, “Wait, there are some things that are missing,” when we opened the store, which is why we started designing. But, you know, we made seven items. We made a hoodie, a bomber jacket, an elastic skirt, this insane turtle neck – just basics that we were like, “Okay, these are the essentials that we kind of didn’t buy,” and kind of this legging pant, and that was kind of the birth of our brand, and it’s obviously evolved to have its own point of view now – and I think it really resonates. I think the way they started and grew, and they are very much into, you know, supporting the community, even sustainable practices, all this stuff that was, it wasn’t necessarily, you know, en vogue to talk about that stuff, but they were very dedicated to the environment and the outdoors. 
That’s great because now it’s a huge focal point. 
For sure. And they did it. They didn’t even talk about it, they just did it. Susie was like, “I spent time in all of my factories. I knew all the factory owners, their kids.” She was like, “I would stay with them,” and it was really important for her to know everything, where the garments were being made, were made in the right way, that, you know, there weren’t kids making things, and it’s just like, you know, hearing her speak, I was like, “Oh my god. That’s amazing.”   We review some of the best camp movies cinema has to offer, from Grease to Elvira: Mistress of the Dark. We review some of the best camp movies cinema has to offer, from Grease to Elvira: Mistress of the Dark. Text: Paul Madley What is camp? The word first originated in England back in the 1800’s and it was typically associated with the behavior of gay men. The term ‘campers’ was popular during this time and it referred to the exaggerated movements/poses of gay men. Camp is a term that’s always been linked to queer culture, but it’s also heavily associated with old Hollywood: the over-acting, dramatic close-ups and outrageous plots. In retrospect, many classic movies are now viewed as camp although not intended at the time. In essence, camp is an aesthetic style and sensibility that admires bad taste and ironic value. Camp questions art and beauty; it’s theatrical, effeminate, witty and knowing. It’s a smile, a nudge and a wink. It borders satire but it’s about being in on the joke. It’s a postmodern viewpoint. The notions of camp have transferred onto objects and decoration. Shocking excess is viewed as camp, as is anything over the top. Camp, as an aesthetic, has been popular since the 1960s. The term became mainstream with the arrival of the acclaimed essay Notes on Camp. As its author (Susan Sontag) wrote, ‘My adoration of camp is not something that I have learned, but something that I have refined. It is a means of fetishizing the delivery of a line, or emulating a staunch performance by an actress. I consume these moments in films, and engrain them into my own pop culture’. Scroll down to see 10 camp classics. Showgirls (1995) This 90’s psycho-sexual noir was the follow-up film to Paul Verhoeven’s Basic Instinct. It was expected to be another huge hit but failed to impress at the box office and severely damaged the lead’s (Elizabeth Berkley) career. Berkley was dropped by her agent and struggled to find work. The movie gained a cult following (partly because of its camp nature) and went on to generate over $100 million from video rentals. Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997)  Romy and Michele is one of the defining teen movies of the 1990’s. Bff’s Romy and Michele invent new personas to impress old classmates at their high school reunion. The movie is filled with great looks and endless quotes. Death Becomes Her (1992) This camp classic is about lifelong frenemies Helen and Madison who want to be young and beautiful forever regardless of the cost. It features Meryl Streep, Goldie Hawn and Isabella Rossellini. Hairspray (1988) The original 1988 Hairspray movie stars Debbie Harry, Sonny Bono and drag legend Divine. It’s a love letter to writer/director and producer John Waters' youth. This film spawned the Hairspray musical and the 2007 remake that starred Zac Efron and Michelle Pfeiffer. Supergirl (1984) This 1984 movie focuses on Clark Kent's cousin (Supergirl) as she vacays on earth. Supergirls nemesis is Selena, a power hunger witch played by Faye Dunaway who's also jealous of her beauty. Barbarella (1968) This camp masterpiece stars Jane Fonda, is set in space and is based on a comic book. It launched Jane’s image as a sex symbol of the 1960s. Grease (1978) This movie musical stars Olivia Newton-John as Sandy, the original Good Girl Gone Bad. John Travolta plays Danny, John’s love interest and the film is set in the 1950s. It features great vintage fashion. To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar (1995) Someone thought it would be a good idea to put three of Hollywood's butchest men in drag… and they were right! The queens travel across country to compete in a drag pageant and along the way make new friends and change lives. It features cameos from drag royalty RuPaul and Julie Newmar, aka Catwoman (“Miss Julie, you are statuesque and you were the only Catwoman"). Elvira: Mistress of the Dark (1988) Cable TV horror show host Elvira travels to a small town to hear the reading of her great-aunt Morgana’s will, but gets more than she bargains for when she discovers her true identity. Elvira overcomes obstacles and the movie ends with her dream come true, a headline act in Las Vegas. Spice World (1997) This campy movie see the Spice Girls poke fun of themselves as they navigate friends, fame, bootcamp, and headline shows at London’s Royal Albert Hall. Spice World is packed with cameos from Elton John, Richard O'Brien (Rocky Horror Picture Show creator), and Alan Cumming, to name just a few.  The Italian fashion house took a cue from South-American revolutionaries for its latest collection. The Italian fashion house took a cue from South-American revolutionaries for its latest collection. Text: Fred Sahai 
Marni's Resort 2020 collection takes a cue from the revolutionaries—and their revolutionary style. Inspired legendary South-American rebels, the looks showcase an approach to workwear that's Frida Kahlo meets Che Guevara. Textured suits with sharp tailoring and shapely floral dresses prove that opposites do attract, and look good together. Silks, nylons, leathers, sablés, and ramies mix together to create an eclectic mix of fabrics amongst the shared silhouettes. Uniform dressing is given a feminine twist with cinched waistlines and low-necklines. 
Click through the slideshow to discover the collection for yourself.   The women's and men's range symbolizes service-based Pride-Month celebration. The women's and men's range symbolizes service-based Pride-Month celebration. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
As Pride Month 2019 gathers heat, brands are clamoring to wave their rainbow flags. One multinational corp that has seamlessly waded into the festivities is Michael Kors, which launched its MK Rainbow Capsule this month—an homage to both World Pride and the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall uprising.  
As much a goldmine of parade-look contenders as a vessel of change, the rainbow-hued capsule, which includes pieces from the brand’s men’s and women’s lines, benefits God’s Love We Deliver, a New York-based nonprofit organization providing cooked meals and health services to those living with HIV/AIDS. 100% of proceeds from the #MKGO Rainbow t-shirt will go toward GLWD, a cause close to the brand’s namesake, a longtime habitué of both the city’s fashion and LGBT+ communities. “God’s Love We Deliver has always been near and dear to my heart. During the ’80s, when the HIV/AIDS epidemic was raging through New York City, they were one of the first organizations to be there for the gay community,” Kors said in a statement.  
The launch coincides with the recent opening of the Michael Kors Soho flagship, located a few blocks from the GLWD headquarters. So whether you're celebrating Pride Month by volunteering, parading or all that and then some, the MK Rainbow Capsule is sure to have you covered. Peep a selection below.   Meet the streetwear brand bringing social consciousness into style and streets across the world. Meet the streetwear brand bringing social consciousness into style and streets across the world. Text: Brandon Tan 
Since its inception in 2008, there has been just one thing on Peacebird's agenda and it is clear now more than ever: World domination. From collaborations with Coca-Cola to Playboy, the China-based streetwear brand has already rubbed shoulders with the globe's heavy hitters. Peacebird travels everywhere across the world, on the streets from New York to London and Tokyo to Seoul. A true streetwear brand found on the streets, as it should be. 
Focusing on menswear, the label is actually worn on the backs of boys, girls and even artificial intelligence. Instagram's favorite faux influencer, Lil Miquela has been spotted sporting the collection—a sure sign of its impact. Truly taking global to another scale, the brand is also flaunted by stars ranging Ryota Katayose, Rola, Lin Yanjun and Kentaro Sakaguchi. "Let Everyone Enjoy the Fun of Fashion!" reads the company's mission, and that it delivers on. Not only is universality at the core of its business, but also social responsibility. "Health and safety" and "Environment" stand as pillars in the brand's consciousness. Stunting on the streets, Peacebird is also behind orchestrating world peace, it seems. We love a brand whose accessibility and style does not compromise on ethics. 
Standing as a streetwear brand unlike any other, the label occupies an important space in the market and a big one, at that. Fresh, relevant, ethical. There has to be a catch, right!? Wrong. Don't question the good fortune, embrace it... wear it! 
See below for a gallery of Peacebird street style photos that spans cities.     "I don't think I know what my style is. I think it's always changing." "I don't think I know what my style is. I think it's always changing." Photography: Bryan Huynh Styling: Jackie McKeown Director: James Michael Chiang Producer: Tristan Tran Cinematographer : John Ker Hair & Make-Up: Susana Hong (P1M) Set Designer: Caitlin Doherty Producer: Tristan Tran Photo Assistant: Hamzah Amin Assistant Camera: Joshua Payne Smith Location Sound: Noam Fleischmann Editorial: Warren Goodwin (The Assembly) Colourist: Patrick Samaniego (Alter Ego) Sound Mix: Nicholas Shaw (Grayson Matthews) Talent: Charlotte Day Wilson Special thanks to AstroLab Studios.  The artist partners up with Nordstrom and the new YUASA pop-up. The artist partners up with Nordstrom and the new YUASA pop-up. Styling: Tess Garcia Last week, industry insiders gathered at Nordstrom's New York location to celebrate the launch of an exclusive swimwear collaboration from YUASA Menswear and fashion illustrator Richard Haines in support of the Ali Forney Center. Guests had the opportunity to have portraits drawn by Haines while models dressed in pieces from the collection offered up drinks and h'ors d'eurves. Swim shorts from the collaboration are available in three limited edition prints inspired by summer in the city. This collection marks YUASA's second annual Pride fundraiser (in 2017, the brand collaborated with photographer Ben Fredrickson in support of Visual AIDS). According to YUASA's website, "The Ali Forney Center was chosen as charity of choice because of their dedication to support at risk LGBTQ youth in NYC with housing, counseling and job skills training." Pieces from the collaboration may be purchased online at yuasastudios.com. All proceeds will continue to benefit the Ali Forney Center.  Spring Place teamed up with COYA to bring an immersive dining experience to New York this fashion week season. Spring Place teamed up with COYA to bring an immersive dining experience to New York this fashion week season. Text: Harshvardhan Shah Spring Place took us on a vacation to Peru--well, sort of. The exclusive, members-only club invited COYA, the highly-awarded Latin American restaurant, to take over its NYC space for fashion week. COYA crafted a dining experience as immersive as it was loyal to its Peruvian heritage. New Yorkers were able to experience COYA's unique Incan-inspired menu. Three highlights from their offerings that had been specifically curated for this partnership included Ceviche de Atún Chifa, Arroz Nikkei and the Pisco Sour. COYA at Spring Place opened on February 6th and ran through February 14th. The pop-up featured a variety of hosted dinners and events along with Global Culinary Director Sanjay Dwivedi overseeing the kitchen. Notable guests included Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Elsa Hosk amongst a fleet of other supermodel faces.  Go behind-the-scenes to see the best backstage shots from Rochas' latest collection. Go behind-the-scenes to see the best backstage shots from Rochas' latest collection. Photography: Caroline Levy Text: Danielle Combs   Alessandro Michele turned France's Aryclamps into the most beautiful funeral procession you'll ever see. Alessandro Michele turned France's Aryclamps into the most beautiful funeral procession you'll ever see. Photography: Tim Richardson Text: Jake Viswanath Gucci thrives on drama. The Italian house caused some already with the announcement that they will be showing their Spring 2019 show in Paris, uprooting from their Milan home as the conclusion of a three-part French trilogy. For the second part of this French trio, last night’s Cruise 2019 show, they took advantage of the heat and put on their most dramatic affair yet. Taking over Alyscamps, a Roman burial ground-turned-Christian cemetery (an ironic funeral for their Milan shows this year, perhaps?) in the town of Arles, creative director Alessandro Michele seemingly sought out to be just as vivid and expressive as the painters who created art there back in 1888: Vincent Van Gogh and Paul Gaughin. Without making any overt references, he likely made them proud. The clothes are as brilliantly bright and ostentatious as we’ve come to expect from Michele’s Gucci, cross-referencing multiple eras, from the vivacious ‘80s to Victorian garb, and distilling them into one vast, glorious collection. These aren’t necessarily pieces you’d typically consider resort-wear—silky dresses are topped with elongated fur capes, while structural collared shirts are paired with decadent sweaters and cardigans—but they stood out as an elaborate take on the style. Additionally, Michele continued his co-ed approach and showed menswear on the Cruise stage, a rarity for the season, but yet another inventive way that he pushes the norms of fashion. Their gear was just as lively as their female counterparts—metallic tracksuits with floral trench coats and shoelace pants, for starters—pushing a more inclusive fashion agenda in an effortless way. But if we're being honest, the setting was the star of the show. In the brightest funeral procession we've ever seen, the models went beyond strutting and descended upon the UNISCO Heritage Site in the most fabulous death march imaginable, surrounded by blazing flames and dozens of candelabras, before fully kicking into gear. It was a stunning showing that valued the art of drama just as much as the art of the fashion, and perhaps showed signs of more fiery trouble to come (a good thing for us). With each new step, Alessandro Michele's Gucci becomes the new norm, and never has the house thrived more.  Yamamoto welcomes a spirit of renewal with his Fall collection. Yamamoto welcomes a spirit of renewal with his Fall collection. Photography: Schohaja Text: Emma Li 
Yohji Yamamoto remains as one of the last masterful forces in fashion following the loss of fellow creatives Karl Lagerfeld and Azzedine Alaia. Contrary to the sorrowful image that can be evoked through his creations, Yamamoto wished to embrace his trade with an optimistically fresh perspective for his newest collection. 
The occasional color appeared through hand-painted designs in a freehand style that seemed to be used as an abstract method to portray light and space, and reflect the creator’s mental state and emotions. 
Even so, the pieces remained black, draped, and fringed in Yamamoto’s signature style. Intentionally imperfect white topstitching traveled along the edges of black coats that blanketed entire bodies. Felt hands surfaced from surprising locations, and some had the middle finger extending into the air. 
The show closed with a group of models sheathed in black fabric, evoking the enigmatic presence of the tapada limeña who welcomed freedom through a single eye opening in their attire. One model lifted a skirt-turned-veil covering that revealed a Victorian styled bodice and her red-lipped face underneath. This presentation was a historically political reference to the 17th century Spanish women who enticed men by covering their entire bodies minus a single eye in attire named saya y manto. 
For this season, Yamamoto’s mysterious explorations of seduction appeared in such a form. It literally demonstrated his layered garments’ flexibility and fluidity, and how wearers can shift them accordingly to fit their purposes. The wrapped and draped pieces adopted bare forms that were just enough to fulfill the purpose of clothing. 
The finale’s makeup contrasted the somber look that had dominated the rest of the show, hinting towards a careful rehearsal that had been planned to surprise the audience. Take a browse through the gallery to witness the preparation unfold.    Hedi Slimane is making digital moves. Hedi Slimane is making digital moves. Text: Reshmi Kaur Oberoi If there is any indication that fashion is a cross between fast-paced trends and timeless staples, it’s French fashion house, Celine, formerly spelled with an accent on the first e. The rebrand was announced in early September 2018 in preface to Hedi Slimane’s appointment as creative director following Pheobe Philo’s tenure. On October 18, Celine launched the U.S. ecommerce site. The launch follows a 9-month old e-commerce site that was terminated prior to Slimane’s debut S/S ’19 show. American consumers met with web traffic jam and instead of an online shop, were greeted with two trucks bearing Slimane’s imagery of the upcoming collection on the streets of NY, coyly referring to NY Fashion Week. With open access to the site, the user can now preview the Spring collection or shop the current collection by clicking on the image of a black-and-white photo of the back of a blond-haired head. The reveal? A scroll-down page has bags, small leather accessories, jewelry, and sunglasses, all quintessentially Celine, including the “luggage” structured bag. Slimane’s directorial ship debuted September 28 and paid ode to his penchant for rock-and-roll aesthetic in a flurry of buckled boots, sequined minidresses, and skinny pants in the new menswear line, all in black, white, and metallic. And though strikingly disparate from seasons past, pre- A Star is Born film premiere, Lady Gaga posted on Instagram one of his new handbag designs, all black with a tag monogrammed “L. G.,” struck a chord, no pun intended. It was a segue into Slimane’s Celine. The new commerce website, which only offers accessories, takes user-friendly to a new level: Celine loyalists have access to stalwarts like the luggage bag and wiry gold and silver jewelry with accents like nautical knots. The new prHoducts are available for viewing and preorder, enabling the consumer to become familiar with the new collection. According to the stateside Celine, the consumer can also toggle between the rebranded elements like Maison de Couture and Celine artistic projects on the homepage. Despite setting up shop in L.A., Slimane’s homage to the brand’s heritage is evident in his new collections’ namesakes: Triomphe, C, and 16, referring to the atelier’s headquarters in a 17th C- mansion on 16 Rue Vivienne. The 3 new designs for preorder in a range of colors and the designs feature metal hardware, including golden closures and quilted leather. There are bejeweled sunglasses, and chunkier jewelry that include chain motifs and calfskin leather cuffs.  The unapologetic star opens up on being the face of "youth" in the Mercedes-Benz #WeWonder campaign. The unapologetic star opens up on being the face of "youth" in the Mercedes-Benz #WeWonder campaign. Text: Devin Barrett Text: AJ Longabaugh This past weekend in Palm Springs, Mercedes-Benz launched the second chapter from their #WeWonder manifesto with superstar Slick Woods presenting her theme of "Youth". Hosted by Carolina Issa, the Creative and Fashion Director of Tank, the event saw a panel of artists like Lion Babe and SOSUERSAM come together with Slick to discuss the role of youth, focusing on how it inspires the future. In tandem with the launch, Mercedes-Benz revealed their out-of-this-world Concept EQ model, which has been dubbed as the "car of the future." We sat down with Slick Woods at L'Horizon to gain a deeper understanding of her role in the #WeWonder campaign and chatted about boundaries, the age of social media, and how healthy collaboration is indeed the future. Check out our interview with the unapologetic star, below. During the panel for your #WeWonder launch, a big theme that kept getting brought up was boundaries and mentions of breaking or pushing them. I don’t even know if that exists anymore. Thank you. I hold a lot pride in the way I feel about this. Putting something on a pedestal that shouldn’t be defeats the purpose of holding people accountable for their actions. And I feel like when people say, “Yo Slick, you are so cool for being real." I’m cool for being human. Yeah, like what are they actually saying by telling you this? Right. I’m cool for feeling on the outside? Why do people think that’s cool? Like, if you don’t feel comfortable being yourself, why do you even leave the house in that skin? That is very true. Figure it out before you leave. And I don’t support the whole, “You’re super cool because you’re real,” or, “I love you because you say what’s on your mind." Like what do you say and where does it come from, if it doesn’t come from your mind? And that’s something that quickly kills any meaning behind who you actually are. Right, and people always comment on me pushing boundaries and I’m like, what boundaries? Where are they? Ya’ll might live by these boundaries but me…no way. What kinds of boundaries do you think people set up? I don’t think there are boundaries at all. I think it’s a mind game. It’s like when people call me a “wild card,” only because they are quick to expect me to be that. They say that. So maybe I’m not really the “wild card” they imagined, but them saying this makes it not okay for me to react off my emotions. And that’s a human thing. So me holding myself back, is that not being a puppet as well? I’m not going to do anything for anyone just because they expect me to. Like I’m doing exactly what I want to do and it has nothing to do with someone else’s expectations. So why are people so obsessed with trying to put that in my head? When before all of this it was never there. How do you think people can eliminate that frame of thinking? Or move beyond that? I think that once you make people feel like they’re puppets, they stop because they’re embarrassed. And it’s not a good look. Like I’m not a puppet either way. Just like when I spend my money and I have a choice. Either be too frugal or be too crazy because either way, it’s controlling me somehow, because you either spend too much or I’ll just be sitting here like sweating, like, “Oh, I shouldn’t buy anything.” If you choose to live on a spectrum, then that’s it. Right, because then you can’t or won’t move beyond the spectrum you’ve built. But if you don’t have a spectrum at all then there are zero limits. Where are the boundaries and what or who is considering things right and wrong for people? I think that’s how you find out who you are. Making mistakes and doing crazy things is totally normal. I think that’s how you find out who you are. Even quickly labeling someone as “crazy” when whatever it is might actually be someone’s natural response to things, in reality, makes them not crazy, right? Some people switch moods every five seconds and maybe that’s just their personality, so why do we have to put a label on it? Why do we have to call it bi-polar or PTSD or whatever? Like why do we have to call it anything else but them? Why does it have to be all of these different things? It just makes everything way more complicated. Definitely. I think things are even more complicated now in the age of social media because there are different personas that exist perhaps on screen and in reality. And now that people are basically addicted to social media, that’s a real thing. I had a girl come up to me saying, “Slick, you haven’t posted in five days.” What did you say to that? I was like, “Girl, I’m not on Instagram.” I’m like, first of all, I’m working twelve hour days so like, why would I pick up my phone and go on Instagram? Like I have an Instagram, but I’m one of those people who actually watches fireworks instead of watching through my phone. You really notice that at an event like Coachella, and you can immediately see those two different types of people. I mean absolutely. The people who are actually watching SZA or the people who are making sure other people will get to watch SZA. Or even another extent where people are there to experience the festival using their phones to take part in all of the photo ops, which totally has a huge draw. Yeah, people will be like, “Oh my god, you’re a model. Why don’t you like taking pictures?” I hate taking pictures. I love almost everything else, but I don’t like taking pictures. I also hate posing with anybody I don’t know really well. Because why? Our followers are in the same ballpark? Crazy part is that people who have the same followers are most likely not in the same tax bracket. Because people are more worried about their followers than they are their real fucking life. One thing I believe is that you should not be walking around with less money than followers. Your priorities are fucked. “Oh, I got 500k.” Bitch what’s in your bank account? 50 cents? It’s like riding a bus with a Birkin bag. Bitch, who are flexing for? The bus driver? “Bitch, I look cute as fuck. I got my Mercedes Benz fanny pack... but I still can’t afford Uber,” or, “I don’t have a bank account but I got 700k on Instagram.” What? Which brings up the idea of authenticity. How do you think someone can stay authentic in that space? I think that once you do one thing you don’t want to do, it starts getting comfortable. And once you really take that big risk to get the things that you want…like I took a big money loss in a day because I just wanted to be me. The first time I turned out a lot of money for being myself you get comfortable in that too. It’s like a first step. Exactly. You have to know how you want to move and once you start moving in the opposite direction, there’s no stopping that. Can you speak on what it’s meant to you being the youthful face of the #WeWonder campaign? It’s an absolute blessing that Mercedes-Benz let me speak and be the face of youth because I feel like it was a very different direction for them and damn near a gamble. They couldn’t necessarily predict how people would react to them having me as the face. When you Google me the first thing that pops up is “avid weed smoker.” You know what I mean? So them choosing me was actually an action of trust. Trusting that I am an adult. Again, everyone sees me as a “wild card” doing all these wild things, but like, I have a lot of respect and I’m very professional and I do everything and get everything done that I want to. Sometimes I do get an attitude and sometimes I am a diva, but I’m very honest about that. Like sometimes I’m just a bitch and I’m like fuck it and let’s get over it. I’m only going to be a bitch 30 minutes tops. Like I break a sweat being a bitch.  So Mercedes choosing me is a beautiful thing because they choose to see through it and I trust their vision because they could have picked a model with a larger following than me or that is more popular than me but they can see through the bullshit. I’m very transparent. Like you know everything that’s going to go on with me. You might not realize, but a lot of this girls are putting on facades. Like do you want a girl who is putting up a complete facade representing youth? No. Youth is about being sort of crazy and saying fuck the government and not giving a fuck about politics, and we are trying to make our shit different. Like we’re the type of future that hope for a day when politics doesn’t exist. I feel like democracy and politics are contradictory. Why do you think people assume you are a wild card? People put me in a category just like they would an individual who does erratic things or acts on their feelings because when I get upset, I’m upset. When I’m sad, I’ll cry like SpongeBob for twenty minutes. Or when I’m happy, I’m jumping up and down. When I’m mad, I’m the Hulk, and that’s ok. It’s a wild card to some people, but it’s me being human and I refuse to let myself stop my human from coming out. And I think that people think I’m not reserved or controlled because I let my human out. And I’m quick to say fuck you and your degree because bitch it took me so long to find strength in my vulnerability and to express my emotions. Especially coming from the hood and what I’ve come to realize is that living the hardest has made me the strongest.  I’m still learning so much about myself and that my vulnerability is my strength. Why would someone try to make me feel any less of a person for being comfortable in that? I think shaving my head helped me out a lot with that by exposing everything to the world and not giving a fuck. And I feel like that’s what makes me feel like a strong black woman because I can cry on the train if I had a hard fucking day, and if someone asks me if everything is ok, I can say, "No!" But that’s fine, that it’s not ok. I think that makes me stronger than say a man that will go and kill thirty men because they robbed him, you know? I think I’m a lot stronger because he can’t cry at his mother’s funeral, but I’ll throw myself on her dead body weeping and I’ll still get up and beat a bitch’s ass. I think that’s what makes me strong. One thing I found really interesting with the panel was the talking point on comparisons existing in the age of social media. How do you move beyond that versus succumbing to comparing yourself to others and falling into that hole? I’m lucky enough to be so funny looking that I cannot possibly compare myself to someone else. So that in itself makes it very easy. People will be thinking I’m Adowa sometimes and I’m like, really? It’s ignorant and damn near racist. Like if any two people could look different, it would be like saying you (Devin) and you (AJ) look alike because you both shaved your head and you both have blue eyes. I’m like, she has big eyes and a little mouth and I have big ass lips and little fucking eyeballs. Like what? Some people are just so stupid. And I feel like the people who do that to me and Adowa are people who totally do it to themselves. It’s like comparing yourself to Jay-Z. Saying like, “Oh my god, I wish I could be Jay-Z." How the fuck are you going to be like Jay-Z? “Jay-Z just be shitting on me like man I’m just trying to be like Jay.” How? It’s laughable when I put them in these terms but it’s what people do to themselves.  It’s like the girl who asked that question in the panel was probably comparing herself to me. She probably grew up going to school and having a boyfriend that brought her balloons and she been all cute. Girl, you comparing yourself to me? I was homeless for twelve years and you want to be me? Girl, no you do not. You didn’t want to be me two years ago, don’t stress yourself out now. You don’t want to lose none of that hair, girl. You don’t want to shave your head because you have run-ins with the law before you turn 18 or you don’t want to have to change your name. And the only crazy part is that I tell people all these things and I’m completely transparent about it, and yet, they want to somehow still believe this facade of their own perceptions and who they see me as and compare that to themselves, which only makes their life harder and a relationship with self-love even harder. Because self-love can’t live or thrive in that space. Right. And like I take every fashion month off and you want to be me? Girls die for fashion month. I only walk, I don’t know, two shows in a season. I think there are a lot of misconceptions surrounding what we think people are like and what they’re accomplishing and comparing that false reality to what we want ourselves to be doing. How do you move beyond that? Truth is, I don’t think there is a way to overcome that. People love to create problems. Think about it. Like if you watch a movie without a conflict. At the end, you’ll be like, “Wow, that was a great movie about…nothing.” And you leave the movie just like, what the fuck? And that’s how people are. Feeling like they need a problem or to create something to strive for and I just don’t crave that. My goals are very short-term and I’m living my life exactly how I want to be living it, which is in the moment. I feel like living in the moment is so hard, especially me being young and having the pressure on my shoulders to become something. So to avoid that negativity, I’ve quickly learned I don’t need that mentality anywhere in my life. I don’t need to feel stressed or overly pressed for something. I just aim to strive for what I want right now. Like what do I want right now? I kind of want a cigarette. Like, let’s go outside actually. Do you believe in role models? No, I do not. I feel like because of how my life has gone I lack empathy and I’m very hard to impress, and it’s even harder for someone to prove to me that they have strength. When I was a kid, I used to draw myself as anime and manga characters because there was nobody I could relate to. So growing up I would ask myself who I wanted to be and I wanted to be like these characters. I also wanted to be like my mom.   But I don’t have any role models. If there’s anyone that I’ve actually met that have lived up to exactly the way I expected them to be they are: Rih, Erykah Badu, Joey BadA$$, A$AP Ferg, and Dapper Dan. What about them? There’s this thing about all of them where nothing in this world can affect them. I think that’s something I see in myself and that I have a lot of pride in. No matter what happens to me, it won’t change me or the way I move or how I act with people. If someone shows me that they aren’t trustworthy that won’t make me not trust the next person. I feel like everything you project onto other people comes from within. Like if you don’t trust other people, why should I trust you? You also never see drama coming from them or hear anything bad about them. You might hear something that might be true like they did something, but in retrospect it’s nothing harming anyone else and people are just adding a two cents that they don't give any fucks about. People can say shit about me, but they can never say I disrespected them. Thinking about the messaging behind the #WeWonder campaign, it feels like there is a strong sense of community within youth and celebrating ideas. How do you think people can establish a community like this on their own? I think once people feel comfortable enough to share their ideas in a similar way to how I have been able to with #WeWonder, I think people will begin to understand to not look up to people as much and finally collaborate with one another. Once you start looking up at people, people start looking down at you. I need eye level contact with all the people I have in my life and I feel like this is exactly what #WeWonder is about. But like, if you put me on a pedestal that’s dangerous because I’m going to work that shit. Do you think it’s possible for people to have the same respect and eye contact on social media through their screens? I feel like social media is a networking tool so use it as such. Don’t use negativity as a part of your image unless that’s your genuine self. Like you see girls going on social media who are quick to believe that you have to or should feel a certain way about relationships or having things. Also when people try to make being insecure or petty a cool thing on social media. And when that happens, people get wrapped up in the world they create online which changes the entire way they experience things. Some people saw the eclipse, probably the only eclipse they will ever see in their entire life, through their cellular device. Like no one will know I took a helicopter here, none will know anything because I love to live it. I don’t even care to pull out my phone like… I don’t even know where my phone is. I also think the energy behind #WeWonder feels contemporary and next-wave. What are you hopeful for in the future? I hope for more understanding. I’m also hopeful that we’re done repeating the past and that it’s finally a time for the youth to lead. I mean being honest, most of the youth don’t know very much history so I think the collaboration between older generations and the upcoming youthful generation is the bridge to move forward in both thinking and experiencing. Like the older generations have lived it and the youthful generation is living it with all these fresh ideas so there’s a pathway to communication which I believe will lead to actual change. And that’s why I think the #WeWonder project is so important.  That’s a really good point. You can’t write off what’s already been done, but you also can’t just write off an entire older generation. Right, and it’s the youth that have the power and that scares the older generation. But the youth need the older generation to educate them on what’s already been done. It’s like, think about all of things older people have done for us. They taught us how to talk to someone and look them in the eye and stand up when you greet someone. And when someone doesn’t have that, you wonder why?  The Threeasfour Spring/Summer 2020 show featured looks that were (mostly) transparent and had an emphasis on the environment. The Threeasfour Spring/Summer 2020 show featured looks that were (mostly) transparent and had an emphasis on the environment. Photography: Schohaja 
Fashion is supposed to make you feel something. It is supposed to speak to you and bring about new ideas. And the Threeasfour Spring/Summer 2020 show did exactly that. The show which featured looks that were (mostly) transparent and had an emphasis on the environment. With the current issues surrounding climate change, the message was portrayed in the unique shapes and colors of the earth. This brand is a testament that fashion doesn't have to be bright and bedazzled to be striking and memorable.     Get geared up to stream the show shop RiRi’s collection. Get geared up to stream the show shop RiRi’s collection. Styling: Valerie Stepanova The Savage x Fenty show was one of the major highlights of the NYFW Spring/Summer 2020 season. A one-of-a-kind fashion experience at a completely transformed Barclays Center featured performances by the likes of DJ Khaled and A$AP Ferg, with models, actors, and dancers including 21 Savage, the Hadid sisters, Cara Delevingne, Joan Smalls and Slick Woods strutting on the runway in the latest Savage X Fenty styles. Vanessa Hudgens, Candace Swanepoel, Ashley Graham, Paris Hilton, Zac Posen, and Prabal Gurung, making for a seriously spectacular fashion fête. The show and collection will be available to shop and stream on Amazon starting September 20. The Amazon Prime Video special will also feature an exclusive look behind the scenes at the making of the show. With just a few days left until the launch, we’re here to give you a little preview for everything that took place inside the venue that night. The new collection will be full of unexpected color pairings and prints: bright greens and vibrant reds mixed with nudes and neutrals, jewel-tone hues like yellow sunflower, purple currant, and dark teal are reminiscent of a lush and numinous Moroccan adventure. At Savage x Fenty, it’s all about celebrating our differences – from a pin-up inspired delicate lace teddy to the no-restraint logo mesh catsuit with rose gold the Fall/Winter collection is kinking things up a notch with a daring Xploration of individuality.   The only label women will be carrying in these clothes is Balmain. The only label women will be carrying in these clothes is Balmain. Photography: Schohaja Text: Julian Wright 
Fashion and life are performative. We talk about ourselves as if we morph through different versions of our persona depending on circumstance, time and the environment around us. In reality, the multitude of personalities and styles we wear are not just interchangeable hats that we swap when convenient; they are individual facets that intermittently share the spotlight of display but ultimately culminate in “you.” A painter’s palette has many colors but they fuse together on canvas to create an integrated image, one where individual colors are indistinguishable and the result is a visual subject that shines. Balmain chose the subject of the modern woman for its Fall 2019 RTW line’s chosen subject, women who “demand control and… revel in pushing forward.” “Female troublemakers,” as lead designer Olivier Rousteing puts it. Much like any visual virtuoso, Rousteing understood the many “colors” of women in his generation and created a line that allowed them to play with the pieces of their selfhood to create their own masterpieces of identity. 
This collection embodies the many dichotomies of womanhood: good or bad, tender or tough and modest or provocative. Roustieng described it as “sweet poison,” a physical manifestation of the contrasting elements of being a woman. And this contrast was certainly centerstage. One model appears in an all-black ensemble: shoulder length gloves joining into a vinyl feathered bosom, a stiffly upright, voluminous vinyl tutu, separated by a naked midriff layered in a panel of clear PVC. Another piece covered a model from head to toe, shrouded in a floor length cape, spikes on every inch, including her trousers and heels, but excluding the area between her décolletage and navel, where only a sheer dotted fabric lay between her exposed breasts and the viewer. Sexy, strong, delicate, modest, but never gentle. These women are dressed to fight; Roustieg described it as equipping women to encounter their daily battles. The use of denim and studs, two of the most noticeable themes of Balmain’s show, prove this intention of combative preparation. Durability and ferocity leap from the garments, with classic light wash denim and thousands of metallic spikes proliferating throughout the line. 
Balmain unveiled a collection that reflects the feminine zeitgeist. Women are no longer uniformly defined and should not be viewed or treated as such. In an act of defiance, Balmain has empowered women with the ability to denounce their imposed labels and embrace their fluid and dynamic performances of selfhood through clothes.  The times are changing at Balenciaga. The times are changing at Balenciaga. Text: Sadie Bell Balenciaga is the latest fashion house to join the recent trend of brands moving to dual-gender runway shows, taking the plunge like Burberry, Calvin Klein, Gucci, and Kenzo. Today, the Paris-based brand and creative director Demna Gvasalia announced that going forward, their men's and women's collections will be shown on the runway together, rather than appearing separately in men's and women's fashion month. The change will go into effect starting with the forthcoming Autumn/Winter 2018 line during Paris Fashion Week next March. And in addition to the combination of their lines, Balenciaga will also see an expansion for their men's fashions, which was only recently relaunched in June 2016, as they are set to debut a pre-collection this coming January.  Photography: Ryan Saradjola Styling: Nicola Formichetti Text: Devin Barrett   Genre: Synth-pop, industrial Proof of clout: After a five-year hiatus, will release two albums by end of year, Destroyer pt. 1 and 2 For fans of: Crystal Castles, Depeche Mode, Joy Division “This two-part album is branching into a new place. But I feel like crying on the dance floor has always been the core starting place of my music. I hope [that the listener has] some sort of strong feeling. I think indifference is the worst thing. Right now, [artists have] so much power. You don’t need to have a crazy label or big budget to do something really fantastic. You don’t need permission from the ‘big person above’ to make a record, put it out, go ahead and do some shows, and connect with people. That’s just super exciting; that’s the most freeing part of the [landscape] right now,” says TR/ST.  After a 16 year departure, designer Olivier Rousteing is "looking to bring back the Parisian DNA" to the fashion house. After a 16 year departure, designer Olivier Rousteing is "looking to bring back the Parisian DNA" to the fashion house. Text: AJ Longabaugh In an unexpected announcement at WWD's Retail & Apparel CEO Summit, designer Olivier Rousteing announced that Balmain will be returning to the world of couture this coming January. "Looking to bring back the Parisian DNA," Rousteing excitingly shared the news with a committed energy to live up to the task. Throughout his discussion this morning, he commented on the importance of timelessness, the quality you present and knowing your customers. A majority of the modern Balmain hype comes from Rousteing's ready-to-wear collections that has coined the wearers of the fashion house his Balmain Army, so crafting an angle to give his couture the same esteem is something we are sure to draw from his debut couture effort. Marking as the first time in 16 years Balmain has shown couture since Oscar de la Renta's departure in 2002, V are looking forward to this coming January as another name is added to the couture roster!  The Superstar sneaker and a new take on Prada's bowling bag are coming soon. The Superstar sneaker and a new take on Prada's bowling bag are coming soon. Text: Cullen Ormond Today, life moves at a faster pace. Trends come and go much quicker (long-live the low-rise jean era which dominated the early 2000s). Information can be shared across international borders within seconds. While the changing of trends (the world needed to bid farewell to low-rise jeans) and easy communication is beneficial—the fast-paced environment encourages a longing for simpler yet updated fashion moments.     Craft over everything, @Prada for adidas Limited Edition. Available December 4th at adidas.com/prada. #Pradaforadidas A post shared by  adidas Originals (@adidasoriginals) on Nov 25, 2019 at 1:01am PST  The release of the Prada x Adidas Superstar sneaker cures the longing. The two brands have been teasing their collaboration for weeks now, but it was just announced that the pair would be creating an updated version of a classic sneaker style and a bowling bag that is a blend of the two brand’s individual aesthetics.  The Superstar sneaker was created in 1969 by Adidas and immediately became the icon for the brand. It was originally marketed as a sneaker to be worn on the basketball court, seen most infamously on the feet of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar who played for the Los Angeles Lakers and Milwaukee Bucks. But soon, after Run DMC released his song “My Adidas,” the style began showing up in the closets of non-athletes.  2019 marks the 50th anniversary of the sneaker’s inception and what better way to celebrate than creating an updated version with a respected, high-end clothier such as Prada. The design of the sneaker is a nod to the classic style but comes in all white and is embossed with both Prada and Adidas on the tongue and Prada on the sides. The bowling bag, which is one of Prada’s staple styles, is also all white with black outlines. All of the sneaker and bag parts will be crafted in Italy.  The pricing of the items has not yet been disclosed. But, it has been shared that there will only be 700 pairs of sneakers and bags available worldwide. On December 4 the products will be available on Prada’s website and in select Prada stores. Mark your calendars for this major fashion moment.   They say fashion is like high school. This model-off (dress code: SS19) puts theory into practice. They say fashion is like high school. This model-off (dress code: SS19) puts theory into practice. Photography: Blair Getz Mezibov Styling: Gro Curtis This shoot appears in the pages of V118, our 2019 Spring I issue!  Fashion’s emerging designer of the moment gets his inspiration from tranquility, desire, and Portuguese porcelain. Fashion’s emerging designer of the moment gets his inspiration from tranquility, desire, and Portuguese porcelain. Text: E.R. Pulgar 
Alejandro Gómez Palomo’s collections seem like they were taken directly from the pages of a queer fairytale. There’s no other designer working now that has such an eye for crafting a world, from the surrealist glamour of Hotel Palomo to the dreamlike sensuality of his Fall/Winter collections, the quintessential Palomo boy in all his softness is redefining what menswear is. Palomo himself has proven himself a hurricane of a designer, as comfortable in velvet and disco boots as he is flowing ruffles á la Virginia Woolf's Orlando. 
Yesterday was the two-year anniversary of founding his eponymous label, and things only look like they’re going to continue to grow after his AW18 collection "The Hunting" stormed Paris Fashion Week and only further solidified that the eyes of the fashion world are on this burgeoning, masterful creative. Palomo spoke to V over the phone from Portugal about Paris Fashion Week, preparing a new collection, and how desire finds its way into everything Palomo Spain is about. 
What are you doing in Portugal? 
I came for a production date and to develop some techniques that we found here, some denim and things. We were doing a tour around Portugal yesterday, just getting a look around, buying some books and things for inspiration. 
Have you been looking for anything specific? 
I was looking for books of curiosities and collecting things like that. And Portuguese porcelain; the tiles here, all the houses have tiles in the facade and it's quite beautiful. I bought things related to look at that. 
How do you feel about the warm reception to your AW18 collection “The Hunting” at Paris Fashion Week? 
Paris was really good; it was probably my favorite moment of my career. We were finally in the calendar, and it was the first day. Everyone was really excited. It was a good moment to show that collection, and I think people really understood the message. It was a collection for everyone, much subtler than the last one. That's the message I want to leave: that i can do "real fashion" as well for everyone, but still have the essence of the house. I'm happy for the show, the reviews we got, the press...it was pretty beautiful to experience. Then we did the same with the collection in Madrid with a show at the Teatro Real. They had never done a show in there and it was pretty fantastic and magic. 
Even though “The Hunting” is a very different collection from your last AW collection, Objeto Sexual, how do you think desire plays into the collection? I feel like that's something that's very much important in your work. 
I think that's what moves us. It's desire that really moves me. There always needs to be desire in the collection. You need to see it on a beautiful boy, and then you need to desire the feeling of that boy in that moment. I think it was a very important element in the time of making the collection. Objeto Sexual was a more sexual approach, but then this collection is different but still has the sensuality and all the sexy moments and the eroticism of the middle of the country in a very intimate kind of way. You can see the stories within that collection, within that show. it's probably the story of some of them falling in love with another side. 
You're based in Posadas, no? 
I live between Posadas and Madrid. Unfortunately, I have a lot of work to do and a lot of travel so more and more I'm in Madrid, but my base and my studio and everything is in the south of Spain. 
Is it nice to have that escape from the bustle of fashion capitals? 
Definitely, it was an important decision for me in the beginning to start from there and create a universe that only happens there. It was important for me to work there, it's a very beautiful environment. It's nice and quiet, and when you're there you can only think of your work. When I'm in my studio, all I think of is collections and creating and developing and making new clothes and things like that; the rest is just a relaxed happy life. I get to see my family and I've got a lot of people around that I can ask for help. It’s an escape from the glamorous life you would live in Madrid, going from one party to another or traveling. I go to Madrid and get the more media aspect of my career, I go to parties and dinners and things, but when I work, I work in Posadas, and no one can really distract me. 
And it's important to be able to take that step back and create in peace, I feel like a lot of designers don't really get that. 
I'm quite lucky. Being able to enjoy that beautiful space I'd never be able to have that in Madrid or London or Paris or anything. I enjoy the luxury of the sun, the space, the good weather, the beautiful surroundings. 
Have you thought about what direction you're taking the next collection in? 
I can't really tell you as I want you to see it, but we really want to experiment. When I finish a collection, I think about what I want to do next straightaway, but it comes with many different ideas that you need to process. Where are you going to go, how are you going to do it, how are you going to shoot it, and what story you want to tell after the story you just told. You need to create a story, and that story comes from talking to my boyfriend and trying to imagine something, from trips, from films you have at that particular moment. I always think about how I feel and my own experiences, so I can't really tell you, but it'll have to do with me and the way life's changing and the way we evolve in fashion. I want it to be disconnected from the last collection and that story, but I still want to have that range of luxury, but then really focus on where things are going to go, focus on the fact that the piece needs to sell while looking fresh and modern, something that we all want. 
Scroll below for a look at Palomo Spain's AW18 Collection "The Hunting."   Off-White's FW18 collection takes designer Virgil Abloh to the next level. Off-White's FW18 collection takes designer Virgil Abloh to the next level. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
In a standout Paris Fashion Week moment, Virgil Abloh has done it again with his Off-White FW18 collection. A combination of copious amounts of mixed materials, silhouettes for days, and nearly every current fashionable face strutting down the runway, this collection is a step in the continued right direction for not only the brand, but for it’s fearless leader. With this endeavor, Abloh takes embroidery, tulle, and tailoring to a new level both in construction and confidence.  
Opening the show, Bella Hadid donned a custom embroidered print one-piece corset, paired with sleek knee-high boots. Virgil followed this look incorporating the same tapestry print that was fashioned into tailored blazers, dresses, and jackets, including Kaia Gerber in a crisp Canadian tuxedo. One recent development from the designer is his enthusiasm and solid execution of tulle. Abloh is a meticulous designer that flexes the ability of any chosen material. Here he created a stunning off-the-shoulder tulle ball gown, next to a glamorous athletic-wear based dress. A majority of the collection falls in the line with Abloh’s signature high-fashion streetwear that put the designer on the map. Some quilting appeared in this collection as well as FW18's notable metallic trend.  
When Virgil Abloh burst onto the industry’s international stage, no one could have predicted the unmatched creative stamina he as a designer holds. Using his gift and all of its many faceted perspectives, Abloh continues to push himself and his brand onto the next phase. Whether it’s the next big thing is irrelevant because Off-White is fashion’s most relevant piece in the larger puzzle. Click through to see the collection in full.     In V92, twelve designers reinterpret the classic bonnet, each describing their creation in five words. In V92, twelve designers reinterpret the classic bonnet, each describing their creation in five words. Photography: Nick Knight Styling: Amanda Harlech  Amanda Harlech sets the tone:   "A bonnet shields the gaze from the emotional ligaments that might engage or discern too much. Or maybe it draws you in, like a funnel, like a frame, demanding penetration. A bonnet could express more than your face value or what you were permitted to present to the other faces that you face. Or a bonnet could work as counterpoint, ironic or sincere. It could be violent, heartbroken, or bleeding, like the breast of a robin. Or, it could signal the calm of whiteness beneath a full moon, like a novice or a bride. A bonnet speaks volumes of light and shade."   "WHIMSICAL        ETHEREAL        FRAIL        DECORATIVE        DOLL-LIKE"   - DAPHNE GUINNESS   "PURITY     BALANCE      REFLECTION      FRAGILITY      SYMMETRY"   - JOHANNA O'HAGAN   "MERCURIAL     ENCLOSED     GAZE      SHADOW     BLOOMING"   - NOEL STEWART   "PEASANTRY     SOFT     MODERNITY      STRIPED     PLEATHER"   - JONATHAN ANDERSON   "VIRGIN      FALSE      MELANCHOLY      MOD      UPHOLSTERY"   - FRANC FERNANDEZ   "SUMMER      AMERICAN      PREPPY      FUN      SPORTY"   - THOM BROWNE   "A     COVERING     FOR     THE      HEAD"   - OXFORD ENGLISH DICTIONARY, ANGELS THE COSTUMIERS   "COCOONED      SHELTERED      CONCEALED      EMPOWERED      SUBVERTED"   - SARAH BURTON   "MY     FORM     IS     SOMETHING    ODD"   - AGANOVICH   "COMPRESSION        INSUBSTANTIAL        COVERT         BULGE          EXHALE"   - EAMONN HUGHES   "LION'S     MANE     RAINBOW    DANCE      MASK"   - IRIS VAN HERPEN   "FREEDOM     RESPECT     ROOTS      LOVE      SEX"   - RICCARDO TISCI   Familiar faces return to the runway for Fall 2019 Familiar faces return to the runway for Fall 2019 Text: Paul Madley From supermodel Stephanie Seymour at Versace, to model turned actress, Cara Delevingne at Chanel, this season saw a host of veteran models return to the runway. We saw Riccardo Tisci celebrate British culture at Burberry, and a show-stealing masquerade from Gucci but the biggest surprise of this season was the pop-up of familiar faces strutting down the runways. We take a look at the legendary beauties that returned for Fall 2019. Sasha Pivovarova x Spade New York Russian born Sasha Pivovarova rocked purple animal print at Kate Spade New York. Mariacarla Boscono x Off-White Mariacarla Boscono opened the show at Off-White, wearing an asymmetrical dress with a tailored coat. The Italian model also made appearances at Burberry and Versace.   Lily Cole x Simone Rocha  Lily Cole walked for Simone Rocha sporting white hair, a departure from her trademark auburn locks. Since her 00’s debut, Lily has gone on to star in multiple T.V shows and Movies.  Christy Turlington x Marc Jacobs 90’s supermodel Christy Turlington walked the runway for Marc Jacobs, fresh-faced and dressed in a gown of black feathers.  Pat Cleveland x Tommy Hilfiger  70’s legend Pat Cleveland walked the runway at the Tommy Hilfiger in a multi-colored evening dress.  Lindsey Wixson x GCDS Lindsey Wixson walked for GCDS in a rare runway appearance, Wixson announced her retirement from runways back in 2017. Karen Elson x Michael Kors  Karen Elson at Michael Kors. The English rose wore a metallic gold dress with matching headpiece for Kors Fall 2019 show.  Cara Delevingne x Chanel  Model turned actress Cara Delevingne walked the runway for Chanel, the last show to be designed by Karl Lagerfeld. Grace Jones x Tommy Hilfiger  Before forging a career as a singer and actress Grace Jones got her big break modeling in Paris. Jones looked incredible at the Hilfiger show, It’s hard to believe that she’s 70.    Stella Tennant x Burberry British model Stella Tennant walked for Burberry wearing a tonal look.    Stephanie Seymour x Versace Stephanie Seymour closed the show at Versace, dressed in a glittering black gown and matching harness.      Natalia Vodianova x Stella McCartney Natalia Vodianova walked for Stella McCartney. The model has a long history with the brand, she was the face of Stella’s first fragrance campaign back in 2003.   Alek Wek x Salvatore Ferragamo Alek Wek at Salvatore Ferragamo. Wek rose to prominence in the 1990’s. Wek walked for Ferragamo, wearing a black spaghetti strap dress.    The Vuitton New Runner is a sneakerhead's dream. The Vuitton New Runner is a sneakerhead's dream. Text: Gillian Rivera 
Louis Vuitton has been no stranger to the sneaker trends that have been seen on the runways the past few seasons. For their SS18 collection, the Italian brand unveiled the Archlight sneaker, following suit with the "ugly sneaker" fad. Now, LV presents their latest shoe, one with a lifestyle-centric appeal. 
The Vuitton New Runner is a meeting of Louis Vuitton's craftsmanship with a more casual aesthetic meant for everyday looks, producing a cutting-edge sneaker with active sport detailing. The knit trainer is created with elastics, providing a sock-like comfort felt in the breeziest sneakers. The outsole is formed by three different parts, all assembled by hand. Louis Vuitton's heritage “Volez, Voguez, Voyagez” is incorporated into the trainer as well, with a "VVV" motif sitting on the tongue. On the back of the New Runner sits a single "V", a nod to classic military emblems. The sleek, futuristic shoe is made with the brand's history in mind, creating footwear like never before. See photos of the new sneaker, and all of its colorways, below.   In light of Cabello's new single "Señorita," let's take a look at some of the pop princess's best looks. In light of Cabello's new single "Señorita," let's take a look at some of the pop princess's best looks. Text: Teddy Willson 
Camila Cabello's transition from the red carpet to the streets is pretty much as #flawless as it gets. The Cuban-American sweetheart with a pop diva stage presence can go from glam to grunge to chic faster than you can say "Señorita." Spunky patterns and sparkly numbers make up Cabello's wardrobe, as do some edgy streetwear pieces and, of course, her staple corsets. No matter the vibe, V is here for it. 
Take a trip down memory lane to see some of Cabello's best ensembles to date.  Filled with fame and fun, Prada embarked on its Resort 2020 fashion show with A-list guests and a new collection, "Seditious Simplicity." Filled with fame and fun, Prada embarked on its Resort 2020 fashion show with A-list guests and a new collection, "Seditious Simplicity." Photography: Dario Castillo Text: Julian Wright  On May 2nd, the Prada Resort 2020 fashion show took place at the fashion house's New York City headquarters. Prada unveiled its latest collection to a room of fashion elite and A-list celebrities. The line displayed the familiar against the backdrop of our increasingly complex world, showcasing dichotomies between the urban and natural, heritage and youth. A central focal point of the line was the Prada Bowling Bag, re-edited specifically for the Resort 2020 collection. Originally introduced in S/S 2000, this 21st century classic added a modernist aesthetic that complemented the simplicity of the line. You can pre-order this bag from May 3rd to May 6th at prada.com (only in the US and Europe).   Aside from the clothing, the show was a spectacle of its own. Prada’s guests took over the Piano Factory, Prada’s HQ space, and transformed it into a star-studded social gathering. Following the show, guests enjoyed a private dinner, hosted by Miuccia Prada. The subsequent after-party was filled with live music by DJs Nastia and Richie Hawtin. Sofia Coppola, Lee Daniels, Elle Fanning, Hailee Steinfeld, Uma Thurman and Naomi Watts were some of the many big names in attendance.   Get a look into the prep for the Prada Resort 2020 Show below.      Text: Brandon Tan 
Moschino's PF19 runway show took us to camp—no, not the Summers-in-Pennsylvania type. We're talking this-year's-Met-Gala-theme kind of camp. As the creative director, Jeremy Scott, is known to do, he brought exaggerated characters, borrowed motifs and hyperbolic fantasies to life at Rome’s Cinecittà Studios. Naming 20th-century Italian filmmaker, Federico Fellini, as a direct influence for the Milanese brand's latest collection, Scott sourced a number of Fellini-flicks for inspiration in the grandiose collection. 
La Strada, Casanova, La Dolce Vita, Nights of Cabiria and of course, Roma, all served as distinct references for the show. Their influences saw form as romantic, red regalia, feathered feasts of Ostrich plume and golden glitz on the backs of models including Teddy Quinlivan and Soo Joo Park. Ancient transcriptions were also embroidered into tweed coats, with Roman numerals making appearance across sleeves—obvious odes to the city that hosted the show tonight. Whereas Chanel's Metiers d'Art show brought Egypt to its audience at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, Moschino literally brought its audience to Rome. 
Trading abs of steel for ones of gold, men marched down the runway donning gilded chest plates and Trojan helmets, prepared for the battlefield that is fashion. All in all, Moschino's PF19 collection was an impressive display of showmanship, a respectable homage to the figure it sourced inspiration from, while also representative Jeremy Scott's Moschino: perfected pandemonium.   Stay warm in style this winter with these A. Wang certified fits. Stay warm in style this winter with these A. Wang certified fits. Text: Chloe Laguette 
It's no secret that Uniqlo has a knack for inviting designers to create high fashion spins on their legendary basics. As the cold weather begins to drag on, the magic of pulling out our favorite coats begins to wear off, and we're stuck in potato mode until April. Thankfully, Alexander Wang has come to save the day by giving us edgy, yet chic alternatives to layer up in this FW18 season. 
The line was officially unveiled today and includes revamped versions of Uniqlo's Heattech pieces like leggings, underwear, and bodysuits. While keeping in line with Uniqlo's simple and understated intentions, Wang managed to incorporate his signature sporty, 80's aesthetic with the use of ribbed fabric, high-cut leg openings. Of course, there's lots of black and the color of the moment, neon green. 
There are 12 styles for women and six for men, which can be found on their website and select New York Stores Nov. 8, and will hit all other stores Nov. 9. 
See previews of the collection below.   Miuccia Prada delivers her low-key, nostalgic Resort 2019 collection in the concrete jungle. Miuccia Prada delivers her low-key, nostalgic Resort 2019 collection in the concrete jungle. Text: AJ Longabaugh If one thing is clear regarding Miuccia Prada’s Resort 2019 show, it’s that fashion is alive and well in New York City. Hosted at Prada headquarters on West 52nd Street, the invite list alone secured the status that this would definitely become a archival-imaged affair to remember. Miuccia is hosting a table at the Met Gala this coming Monday, so hosting her Resort show in town not only seemed fitting, but allowed for a Prada renaissance in the concrete jungle. The runway felt casual in the most chic of ways with the collection calling back to the '90s, when Prada unapologetically embraced ugly prints, semi-absurd hats, and simplistic tailored flair. Combing youthful energy and nostalgic style, one couldn’t help but revel in each of the familiar looks and tromps owning each of the revived stylings. It feels fun, retro, and cool in the most New York of ways, with each color, print, and pairing ringing with noise that has become the norm in today’s fashion landscape. More is more, am I right? In retrospect, this collection is by no means groundbreaking and does not attempt to be. It’s an invitation to enjoy a collection of looks calling back to a Prada that should live in every fashion enthusiast’s reference bank. In the age of social media, archival collections are embraced as a sort of education in the evolution of style, trends, and fashion. It’s no surprise that Miuccia has joined this movement of reviving moments from her namesake’s fashion house, and that she’s awaken them in the city that never sleeps. A bona fide fashion moment indeed.  As models walked the #PradaResort19 runway, their images were played and distorted on hanging, transparent screens throughout the set. Discover more via link in bio. #MiucciaPrada A post shared by  Prada (@prada) on May 4, 2018 at 8:26pm PDT  Make it rein. Make it rein. Text: Vienna Vernose Saddle up boys and girls, this holiday season chart-topping artist Charli XCX is kicking up the cold winter temperature to hotter than hot in Agent Provocateur's new holiday campaign. The luxury lingerie house opted to "pay homage to country-western and the Deep South with a Rhinestone Rodeo" for it's Holiday 2019 campaign with a wild-west (emphasis on wild) themed lookbook and accompanying video. The electro-pop star poses scantily-clad in a variety of sexy lingerie looks while riding on a mechanical bull for added effect. "Nothing says Christmas like naughty and nice with a dash of cowgirl," Charli says. "I love all these pieces so much and this whole shoot day was so wild... so fun, it was a pleasure to work with such a legendary brand.” Cowboy hats and lassos aside, Agent Provocateur's holiday campaign features a little something for everyone, from Christmas morning-ready silky robes to racy red hot lingerie sets for Christmas night. It all just depends on whether you've been naughty or nice this year. Check out the lookbook below–  As the winter withdraws, pieces of the past are reassembled to create new meaning. Expression is our saving and our song. As the winter withdraws, pieces of the past are reassembled to create new meaning. Expression is our saving and our song. Photography: Jackie Nickerson Styling: Amanda Harlech  A throwback to the rise of Lineisy Montero as fashion's most in-demand girl, styled by the genius Katy England, who seemingly predicted the current puffer trend in V97. A throwback to the rise of Lineisy Montero as fashion's most in-demand girl, styled by the genius Katy England, who seemingly predicted the current puffer trend in V97. Photography: Willy Vanderperre Styling: Katy England 
After debuting on Prada's Fall runway as an exclusive, Lineisy Montero quickly booked shows with Loewe, Balenciaga, Céline, Givenchy, Louis Vuitton, Stella McCartney, and Miu Miu. Now The Dominican beauty is the most in-demand girl in the business. When you see her, say a prayer, and kiss your heart good-bye.  The red-carpet stood in solidarity this year by wearing all-black. The red-carpet stood in solidarity this year by wearing all-black. Text: Danielle Combs 
The 2018 Golden Globes marked a turning point for Tinseltown, A-list attendees, and awards season as we know it. Unlike previous Golden Globes, last night’s gala was about Hollywood’s most powerful women uniting in solidarity by wearing black for Time's Up—a movement that is taking aim at sexual harassment and working to restore balance amongst those in the industry. 
From dramatic noir gowns embellished with silver paillettes to slinky black dresses, the red carpet was crawling with Hollywood’s elite displaying both their support and their own unique twist on the all-black dress code. Click through to see everyone who wowed and showed their support.  The all-American brand partners with Koché, Faith Connexion, and Feng Chen Wang to release capsule collections. The all-American brand partners with Koché, Faith Connexion, and Feng Chen Wang to release capsule collections. Text: Emma Li Converse’s newest collections are in collaboration with three designers who are expanding the brand’s reach into women’s street style, as reported by WWD. Koché, Faith Connexion, and Feng Chen Wang have each designed a capsule collection that will launch at the end of the week. Pieces across all the collections are meant to be mixed and matched with each other in true collaborative spirit. Each collection will include apparel, accessories, and footwear that reimagine classic Converse silhouettes by looking back into the brand’s archive. Koché’s collection maintains Converse’s sporty elements while incorporating their own feminine designs with patchwork construction. When Koché first launched, French designer Christelle Kocher used Converse shoes for her first shows. Kocher decided to pull Converse’s Jack Purcell low-top and Mary Jane sneakers as well as Rina ballet flats while their clothing will include a polo dress, a multi-patterned skirt, and a brown camouflage tracksuit. Faith Connexion’s founder Maria Buccellati focused on combining details with utility by using logos and raw finishes to accent her brand’s disruptive touch. Buccellati paired camouflage-printed pieces like a utility tote bag with Converse’s platform Run Star sneaker, One Star Mid, and One Star Ox silhouettes. Chinese London-based menswear designer Feng Chen Wang’s collection will mark her first womenswear capsule, which adheres to a palette of reds and pinks. Wang drew inspiration from the basketball uniform, creating a tonal pink tracksuit, a basketball-jersey style top, and a longline track jacket. For shoes, she reinterprets the ERX 260 and the iconic Chuck 70. While the collections will be available starting from April 26 on Converse’s website and select retailers, the brand is also working in partnership with Browns to host a pop-up in London’s Soho on Friday and Saturday to mark the occasion.  Let's look back on some of the craziness that has ensued. Let's look back on some of the craziness that has ensued. Text: Zoe Elefterin V think it’s about time to acknowledge the ingenious works of @Balenciaga. It’s no secret that since Demna Gvasalia has taken the reins as creative director of Balenciaga, things have gotten weird in the most wonderful way. He’s pushed the status quo of what high-fashion means, paved the way for the come up of streetwear, and has had a heavy hand in shaping what fashion looks like on Instagram. If you’ve paid their IG any mind, you know that their feed is the complete opposite of what one would expect from a powerhouse brand. Instead, what you’ll notice is a stream of photos that feel entirely individual, almost like an art student documenting their inspiration of the mundanities of the everyday–but make it fashion, of course.  Mirror selfies are quite frequent. There are also blurry images appearing to have been taken in a fit of laughter, and a number of cat pics. The genius of it all is acknowledging the accessibility of high-fashion that social media provides. The images on their IG look like they’re taken by real people questioning the existing condition of what fashion means today, and we’re totally here for it.  Here, V are giving you a roundup of 10 of our favorite offbeat and outlandish @Balenciaga posts from the past year. A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Oct 24, 2018 at 6:00am PDT A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Aug 15, 2018 at 5:23am PDT A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Jul 13, 2018 at 5:41am PDT A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Sep 20, 2018 at 6:43am PDT A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Jan 4, 2019 at 6:03am PST  Women Spring Summer 18 @valentinherfray @louiserichard_ A post shared by  Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Feb 15, 2018 at 5:35am PST A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Jun 22, 2018 at 6:57am PDT A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Aug 28, 2018 at 6:00am PDT A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Nov 14, 2018 at 1:53am PST A post shared by Balenciaga (@balenciaga) on Oct 29, 2018 at 8:09am PDT  The "Bodak Yellow" rapper is living her best life in the French capital, serving looks and stealing the spotlight while sitting front row. The "Bodak Yellow" rapper is living her best life in the French capital, serving looks and stealing the spotlight while sitting front row. Text: Paul Madley 
Cardi B was completely unrecognizable in her debut look for Paris Fashion Week. The rapper was dressed in a head-to-toe (literally) floral print by British Designer Richard Quinn. Cardi was 100% committed to the look, wearing a pleated skirt, belted coat, gloves, heels, babushka, and face mask all cut from the same fabric. The look was reminiscent of club/drag legend Leigh Bowery who dominated London nightlife in the 1980s and early ’90s.  
"PARIS FASHION WEEK, IM HERE !" shouted Cardi B while filming in front of the Eiffel Tower. The rapper was absent from New York Fashion Week due to tour commitments but Cardi made it clear that she’s in Paris for the shows. Taking to Instagram, Cardi uploaded a video of herself (dressed in Quinn) to let he fans know, “I heard you bitches were missing me at Fashion Week New York. I’m here to serve it to you motherfuckers, and serve it to you cold”. 
Cardi’s next look came at the Thom Browne show, Cardi wore a grey structured blazer and skirt by the designer. The silhouette was slightly exaggerated and the ensemble was paired with Browne’s Longwing booties. Also in attendance was also GOT’s Maisie Williams and boyfriend Reuben Selby who rocked his-and-hers make up. Browne is a favorite of Cardi, she wore a custom made hooded gown, adorned with feathers with an over the top train to this year's Met Gala.  
On Sunday night Cardi was spotted leaving the Ritz, Paris wearing a hand-painted coat by designer Edda Gimnes. The look was teamed with matching boots, bag and wide-brimmed hat designed in an abstract pattern. 
With just three days under her fashionable belt, we can’t wait to see what looks Cardi will wear next.  
Check out the slideshow below to view Cardi’s looks from Paris Fashion Week.  Take an exclusive look inside Nicola Formichetti's glam and glittery Nicopanda Ball at Macy's Herald Square, to celebrate his new collaborations with MAC and Macy's. Take an exclusive look inside Nicola Formichetti's glam and glittery Nicopanda Ball at Macy's Herald Square, to celebrate his new collaborations with MAC and Macy's.  Get your Fendi Prints On. Get your Fendi Prints On. Text: Brooke Kushwaha No one knows how to retire like Nicki. In a now-deleted tweet, the iconic rapper announced her retirement to focus on starting a family, but since then, Nicki Minaj has dropped a collaboration with it-girl Megan Thee Stallion, a Fendi Capsule Collection, and has now released new music, to boot. The new track "Fendi" by PnB Rock shows Minaj (and Murda Beatz) arguably where she shines best—stealing the spotlight in a dynamic feature. "He already know what to do / He already bought me the shoe" Nicki raps in her usual lightning-quick verse. "My attitude is the baddest thing on me, boo" she brags, and when you're wearing Fendi, that's saying a lot. Although Minaj may have gone back on her retirement plans, she's been unusually cryptic on Twitter, recently tweeting the terse message, "Stop discussing bullshit." The accompanying video displays Nicki in her element: poolside, all-pink, in the signature sleek bob that got her famous. Fashion from the capsule collection includes a metallic one-shoulder swimsuit, a bright pink curve-hugging bodysuit, and a bejeweled hoodie with Nicki's cartoon likeness on the front. The capsule collection, Fendi Prints On, dropped online this Monday, October 14, and will be available in select stores by October 16. Listen to the full song here:  Silvia Venturini Fendi debuted her first women's ready-to-wear collection in commemoration of Karl Lagerfeld's legacy. Silvia Venturini Fendi debuted her first women's ready-to-wear collection in commemoration of Karl Lagerfeld's legacy. Text: Dylan Kelly As the news of Karl Lagerfeld’s death shattered the world back in February, just two days before Fendi’s Fall 2019 show, a cavernous void filled the room in his absence as the visionary’s final collection with the maison marched the runway in solitude. Now, in succession of Lagerfeld’s 54 years of creative jurisdiction, Silvia Venturini Fendi, who worked closely with the mastermind for decades, is presenting her first women’s ready-to-wear collection as the maison’s new creative director. Previously conceptualizing accessories and menswear for the Italian fashion house, it only made sense for Venturini Fendi to define the next era of her namesake brand, and it’s certainly bright. Inspired by the warmth of summer and the opulence of nature, Fendi’s latest range explores timeless ensembles of the seventies, the era in which Lagerfeld first began working with the maison. Through a lens of earthy accents and pastel expressions, Venturini Fendi pays homage to the creative with an expansive scope of powerfully fluid silhouettes. A joyous collection of modern elegance, the runway featured a spectrum of colors including pink, beige, green, and brown on sheer tops and fur coats, while bright punches of floral prints bestowed a vintage aura across statement pieces.  Kaia Gerber radiated light in a blossoming apparatus, while Bella Hadid sported an all-yellow look, epitomizing the monochromatic mogul with each step. Seen on the arms of each model, Fendi inflated its typical accessory offerings with oversized frames in an array of gleaming suede and floral colorways. The iconic Baguette bag received renovation as well, of course, sporting a new fringe detailing that delicately bounced its way down the runway. A culmination of the ’70s, utility-style khaki pants, intricate sequined dresses, carefully nuanced matching sets, glittering eye looks, and intentionally messy buns rounded out the retro-inspired presentation.  As the models completed their final walk and Venturini Fendi stepped out for a final bow, Fifth Dimension’s 1969 hit “Age of Aquarius” echoed among astounding applause. The song’s bright buoyancy warmly embraced the new era of the Italian fashion house, and the promising future of Venturini Fendi’s creative direction awaits.  Watch the full show, below.   John Hardy introduces the first of the next generation of talent to know. John Hardy introduces the first of the next generation of talent to know. Photography: Alex John Beck Styling: Andrew Mukamal Text: Sara Zion  While some may say that at five feet Genesis Vega may be petite in stature, there is nothing small about the twenty-year-old’s personality. V sat down with the boisterous young model to talk about everything from her favorite anime character and first job, to her goals for 2018 and how she manages to keep a level head in the social media age.   “So, what’s your real name?” someone leans in and asks Genesis Vega as she steps on set for her V shoot. Slightly confused, she smiles and responds warmly, yet matter-of-factly, “It’s really Genesis!” In an industry of carefully cultivated media personalities, it’s not out of the question to think that Genesis may be a pseudonym that the 20-year old adopted. But in reality, there is nothing contrived about her. While she is friendly and bubbly, she is also outspoken and completely forthcoming about both her triumphs and her struggles.   A child of Pakistani and Dominican parents, Genesis moved to New York City from the Dominican Republic when she was six years old. In high school, Genesis got a position working retail and quickly became the breadwinner of her household.  At the onset, having her own income was liberating; “At first I was like, ‘I can buy my own clothes, nobody can tell me anything!’” But as other friends’ careers seemed to be taking off, Genesis started to feel like she was veering off course in realizing her own goals to model. "Working retail made me really depressed," she admits. "I would just come home and cry… I didn’t really know where I was going to end up.” Nevertheless, she forged ahead and met with modeling and talent agencies all over the city. However, at just five feet tall, she was consistently being told that she wasn’t quite the right fit. “I had a bit of a mental breakdown. Agencies were telling me ‘You have a great look, but you’re short.’”   Then in 2016, as if in answer to her uncertainty, she landed her first editorial job: a fashion story in Vogue Germany. Not long after, she found herself flying to cities around the country like Los Angeles and Chicago, shooting for clients including Converse and Urban Outfitters. 2017 brought her first runway show walking for a friend’s brand, and her following on Instagram has reached nearing 100,000 people.  WEARING JOHN HARDY JEWELRY  As a rising model in the Instagram age, she admits that it can be hard not to think about how she measures up against her peers. “We’re humans, we are unsatisfied by whatever we have. It’s human nature," she admits. "I constantly have to remind myself, ‘You and the person you’re comparing yourself to are very different.' You do not know what they are going through behind the scenes.” Genesis knows that there will always be some rejection in the modeling industry, but she has developed a much more positive outlook on the process. “Don’t be upset about being turned down; be happy,” she advises. “It means they saw you and they saw something in you, but it just wasn’t the right time. That’s how I see everything. It’s all about patience in this industry.”   Looking to the year ahead, Genesis has no plans of slowing down. In addition to continuing her modeling career, she wants to get into photography, drawing inspiration from the over-the-top glamour of photo shoots from the 1970’s and ‘80’s, as well as pursue acting. She also plans to start a YouTube channel to connect and share her experiences with other aspiring models. “A lot of people ask me, ‘How did you become a model? I need some advice,’" she explains. "So why not make a YouTube video about my journey in the modeling industry and give some tips and advice?” When she feels stuck, she looks to one of her favorite anime characters, Naruto, telling me, “It’s goofy, but how hard he works and how he proves people wrong… he changes people’s perspective on things. That’s what inspired me: how he never gave up [even though] he had a really hard life. It’s fictional but it shows that even your favorite characters go through a hard time and they still get up every day to work towards their goal.” With that in mind, she hopes to be a source of inspiration herself and prove that beauty comes in many forms and sizes, “[I want to] change the industry’s perspective on being ‘too short.’ More girls like me could have that door opened up for them.”   Louis Vuitton, the French maison known for its iconic monogram and luxury luggage, delves deeper into the intersection of fashion-tech. Louis Vuitton, the French maison known for its iconic monogram and luxury luggage, delves deeper into the intersection of fashion-tech. Text: Reshmi Kaur Oberoi Voguez, Volez, Voyagez, the temporary 3-story exhibit in the heart of New York City’s financial District at 2018’s tail-end, catalogued Louis Vuitton’s historical traveller legacy–from rolling armoires on freight trains to in-flight hand satchels, and a display of red carpet looks that travel well in limousine drive-up. The fashion house has extended their humble beginnings from foot traffic into the technology sector. Enter: Louis Vuitton wanted to reflect their traveler’s heritage for life in 2017 with The Tambour Watch–because a watch travels with you. But more so, the cellular, or more fittingly, mobile phone, is arguably the go-to appendage before leaving the house. Enter: Louis Vuitton’s latest innovation, the Horizon Earphone, launched January 17, 2019. Reflecting the Tambour’s shape, the Horizon wireless ear buds come in 4 color ways: black, white and red LV monogram, and blue and yellow LV stripe. These headphones aren’t just your run-of-the-mill tech accessories or fashionably non-functioning noise cancellers. Instead, they are equipped with Bluetooth technology. Take phone calls, listen to music, multitask and be alert without the stuck-in your-ear cotton-swab look of white Apple buds. The Louis Vuitton Tambour watch includes an app accessing Louis Vuitton city guides and recommended nearby locales in seven cities based on your location and time zone. Launching in early 2019 is the first update on Tambour Horizon Watch – a new design, material and color options with apps that include an agenda, pedometer, weather, and travelogue. The traveler’s location is now synced with hot-spots beyond seven capitals. The screen is improved using Google’s Wear OS technology and quicker real-time information. This is all well and good, but unlike a smart watch, the smart phone is not only a timepiece but has a capacity to house data and connect with the web. You might as well purchase your phone at R.E.I. It’s ability to be swapped out for an upgraded edition, like leasing a Bentley, does not discount its permanency to store memories in photos or send email. It’s the compass not only to your life, but literally navigates you to shelter, food, and entertainment – your whereabouts concealed only with headphones. Carelessly applied-looking Air Pods aside, the wireless headphones rank most popular Apple’s accessory, with an expected 100-110 million units to be sold. In 2016, The New York Times declared headphones a “status symbol on par with luxury watches and limited-edition Nikes,” and reported a predicted rise in headphone sales - $13.2 billion by 2018. According to TF International Securities Analyst, Ming-Chi Kuo, the numbers have catalyzed the fabrication of a new model that features wireless charging. Louis Vuitton is one step-ahead; The Horizon ear buds come with a portable charging case in tow. You have 10 hours proving that fashion and technology is not mutually exclusive. Picture this: A small black cylindrical case that from the top, is a window displaying the fashionable LV Horizon ear buds of your choice. The ear buds come in a combination of matte and glossy surface that reflect the grainy Saffiano and smoother leather hybrid textures quintessential to the luxury brand’s purses. The LV monogram text is metallic. Swapping out earrings for these is not a long shot. What may be a long shot are the Swings- headphone earrings launched on a Kickstarter fundraising page in July 2018. Unlike the unisex androgynous aesthetic crafted by Louis Vuitton, this accessory that has since fallen out of fashion, so to speak, came in the classic jewelry options: silver, gold, and rose gold. Their formula: By women, for women, marketing to a distinctly isolated demographic, reducing their stake and possibly contributing to their demise. In contrast, Louis Vuitton, like most luxury fashion brands, cultivated an androgynous aesthetic and culture, embracing all who have the fiscal means. The LV Horizon ear buds are priced at $995. But the cost does not just cover design appeal or even brand name. The price also covers technological innovation. One charge provides up to 3.5 hours of listening capability. Volume adjustment is located directly on one of the buds. Audio quality is accounted for, developed by reputed headphones specialists at Master & Dynamic. Master & Dynamic could be charged with spearheading the phenomenon of superior specialized headphone development and consumption among the fashion circuit in 2016. Jonathan Levine, a then 54-year-old investment banker at Lehman Brothers founded the company, introducing the concept of luxury style and technology coexisting. In 2016, David Beckham was photographed sporting the $399 MH40 around Los Angeles. GQ thereafter listed the model as one of the “most stylish headphones money can buy.” That same year, supermodels Naomi Campbell and Kendall Jenner, starred in an advertisement alongside founder of Will.I.Am to help launch Buttons, a $200 in-ear bud. He had been a partner with the trendsetting Beats headphones. But whereas these examples of audio literacy rely on sound innovation, Louis Vuitton, a fashion brand, prioritizes style but not at the expense of quality and user-experience - luxury, defined; One can really have it all. And instead of hiring fashion aficionados like Levine did when he hired a former executive at Barneys and Neiman Marcus to spearhead marketing or Will.I.Am, who requested the faces of fashion, Campbell and Jenner, Louis Vuitton hired a Chief Digital Officer in November 2018. Former Director of Apple Music, and previously, CEO at Beats Music, Ian Rogers, is Louis Vuitton’s first CDO. He describes the role as reflecting that Louis Vuitton’s “customers’ behaviors have changed.” As a result, he was put on board “to elevate technology inside of the organization.” Rogers wasn’t far off when he said it s Louis Vuitton’s “belief is that privacy and luxury are synonymous.” After all, headphones reportedly provide “the experience of intense private listening in public settings.” What sets Horizon ear buds, and the updated Tambour Horizon watch, is something Rogers learned in the music world: “people love personalization because it brings them tangible value. The exact same thing is true in the luxury world.”  Meet the Aussie design-duo's anti-fast fashion line. Meet the Aussie design-duo's anti-fast fashion line. Text: Danielle Combs 
The fashion industry as we know it is at a turning point—one where designers can continue to meet the high-octane demands of producing multiple collections or those who choose to break down barriers with lines that don’t exhibit fashion’s exhaustive schedule. The next line to step up to the plate is WARDROBE.NYC—the brainchild of Josh Goot and Christine Centenera who saw a need within the industry to create a direct-to-consumer label. 
The radical new luxury concept, is a collection of modern essentials available in single, in-season drops for men and women who value quality and style but want an alternative to the relentless production and consumption cycle that is endemic to the fashion industry as it stands. In an exclusive interview with V, Goot and Centenera sat down with us to discuss the concept behind their groundbreaking line. 
How was WARDROBE.NYC conceived? 
JG: It was born from observations I had made after moving from Sydney to NYC. Watching the way people live and move around the city, it’s so different from home. There is a real uniform. I was also thinking about the state of the industry and the constant discussion around the changing landscape. We landed on this concept as a way to continue working in the industry we love, but doing something that made more sense from a business point of view. 
Why do you think producing a direct-to-consumer collection is important in today’s industry? 
CC: Being able to offer this level of luxury product with no retail mark-up is the reason why there have been so many DTC business’ opening in the last few years. What is unique to Wardrobe is that we can offer the customer a better, higher quality of goods at a price currently not available on the market. 
It seems as though designers are beginning to stray away from showing ‘traditional’ collections. What does anti-fashion mean to you and why is it important for today? 
CC: The idea is based on the essentials and that’s what feels so in line with a growing sentiment we have noticed, not just with ourselves, but among our network of friends and colleagues. Less is more approach to buying quality, long lasting non-trend items. 
JG: For me, having had my own ready to wear brand, producing four seasons a year, it’s been a refreshing experience working on just eight women’s and eight men’s pieces, really refining the deigns over around five or six rounds of sampling. It’s been great to get each item to a place where, I hate to say perfect, but a really strong place that feels democratic because they fit is really flattering to most body types. 
What made you decide to land on the pre-pack idea? 
CC: I think we take for granted how often people find it difficult to get dressed in the morning. I think this provides a solution. As for how we landed on the eight pieces, it was Josh’s idea to provide a ‘wardrobe’. Both of us lead active lives and I think we both appreciate those pieces that we wear again and again. The items that are versatile and of great quality, and we both like to know we’re wearing items that are well made. We got it down to the eight pieces that we think form the basis of a wardrobe that can be worn together as an ensemble or mixed back with fashion pieces. 
Trends will always have their place in fashion but it seems as though consumers are looking for timeless pieces that won’t go out of style over time. How does your line fit into this new type of mentality? 
JG: We’re interested in “no statement”. It’s essentials, a kind of purity and minimalism, and it’s a much deeper development cycle compared to a collection business that is broader and shallower. Here we have the luxury of taking the time to source the ideal textiles and sample them in various ways, to do wear tests and wash tests and see what performs and all of that stuff, which is a really nice way to work. 
As a whole the line is infused with wardrobe essentials. What was the inspiration behind the collection? 
CC: We knew from the very beginning that we wanted the first collection to be based on tailoring. It’s something each of us wear a lot and really does form the foundation of our wardrobes. 
As your line ultimately grows, what do you hope to achieve? Will you expand into accessories?  
CC: We will introduce a new themed collection each season, we are already thinking about our spring collection, which will be most likely focused around the idea of “urban sport”. It’s really difficult to find athleisure that’s not branded, that doesn’t have big logos all over it, but that’s still beautifully made.   You're boarding buses, flights and trains this weekend with not a clue what to pack. Fret not our dear reader, V got you. You're boarding buses, flights and trains this weekend with not a clue what to pack. Fret not our dear reader, V got you. It's the Friday before holiday break. You're boarding buses, flights and trains this weekend with not a clue what to pack. Fret not our dear reader, V got you. See below for a list of outfits to impress your in-laws or piss off grandma. All you have to do is proceed to checkout. The Casual Knit Keep casual, but still festive and sophisticated in this Monse sweater. Shop here. Little Black Dress If an understatement is more your vibe, this black Sandro dress is your gal. Accessorize with boots or heels, depending on the vibe, and you're ready to go, sis. Shop here. Festive Sequins You're the middle child and you seek attention. Say no more. This sequins MSGM dress is so much without being too much. The ankle-length hem balances the sequins making it the perfect sequins number. Shop here. Piss off Grandma Okay, yas. This sultry number is sure to turn heads no matter how you wear it. Though home for the holidays may not be the place you plan on making this statement, in case you have plans after, wear something conservative underneath and take if off once the clock strikes midnight for the after-party. Shop here. The Blouse For those looking to keep things simple, but still make a bit of a statement, look no further for this Diane Von Furstenburg top is the perfect in-between. Pair it a skirt to elevate your look or a pair of jeans to tone it down, it's the perfect canvas. Shop here.  The avatar's creation puts into question the fashion industry's present and future. The avatar's creation puts into question the fashion industry's present and future. Text: Tess Garcia At first glance, South African model Shudu Gram is striking, all angular features and pouty lips. Her chocolate brown skin seems to glow from the inside out, and her hair is cropped closely to her scalp, producing a look reminiscent of Maria Borges with an added extraterrestrial edge. Shudu is so objectively beautiful that she practically looks inhuman. In fact, Shudu isn’t human at all; she’s the computer-generated creation of photographer and digital artist Cameron-James Wilson. “Basically Shudu is my creation, she’s my art piece that I am working on at moment,” the 28-year-old Brit said in an interview with Harper’s Bazaar. “She is not a real model unfortunately, but she represents a lot of the real models of today. There’s a big kind of movement with dark skin models, so she represents them and is inspired by them.” It should be noted that Wilson is a white male. As such, his choice to create a 3-D model of a dark-skinned woman, who he says was inspired by a Barbie doll, has become a hot-button subject of debate within the fashion world. Outside of marking the rise of CGI in fashion, the creation of Shudu begs a host of questions about diversification versus fetishization in the industry. Is a white man’s creation taking jobs away from real-life dark skin models? Is Shudu nothing more than a representation of Wilson’s idealized fantasy? Does Shudu benefit the black community in any real way, or is she simply another manifestation of the white man’s historic fascination with, and exoticization of, other races, ethnicities, and cultures? An article from The New Yorker draws similarities between the Shudu project and the blackface minstrels of the antebellum period. Yet this comparison seemed not to have occurred to Wilson, who told the magazine that he had no intentions of profiting off black culture, and that he encourages conversation about the concerns Shudu elicits from onlookers. Intentions aside, Wilson’s career has clearly benefitted from Shudu’s ascent to stardom. In addition to the “model”’s 123,000 Instagram followers, Wilson has amassed over 14 thousand of his own, and has been featured in major publications like Bazaar and The New Yorker on a regular basis. “At the end of the day, it's a way for me to express my creativity,” Wilson told Bazaar. “It’s not trying to replace anyone. It's only trying to add to the kind of movement that's out there.”  The World’s First Digital Supermodel, Shudu. . . 📸 @cjw.photo . . #3dart #daz3d #blackfrodolls A post shared by  Shudu (@shudu.gram) on Mar 3, 2018 at 12:08pm PST  We look back on the night V Magazine held a party for Karl Lagerfeld. We look back on the night V Magazine held a party for Karl Lagerfeld. Text: Mayzie Hopkins 
In 2017, something wonderful happened: V Magazine threw a party in honor of the late Karl Lagerfeld. The fashion icon, whose look is best defined as the pinnacle of chic, was in the city to accept an award to add to his collection. 
At the Top Of The Standard, an art-deco themed event awaited the A-list guests. At around 7:40 attendees Kris Jenner, the Hadid sisters and their mother, Martha Stewart, Naomi Campbell, André Leon Talley and more would begin to fill the Meatpacking District penthouse. Lastly and to everyone's surprise, Mariah Carey hopped on stage wearing a Chanel trench coat and said, "Let’s liven things up a little.” 
It would be full circle for the two friends, who met when Lagerfeld photographed Carey for V Magazine back in 2006. The singer would perform singles Touch My Body, We Belong Together and dedicated Hero to the legend, who will we dearly miss, Karl Lagerfeld. 
Take a look through the night in pictures below. 
Karl Lagerfeld, Mariah Carey, Mario Testino  The 57 look lineup shines bright featuring Teddy Quinlivan, Aquaria, and more. The 57 look lineup shines bright featuring Teddy Quinlivan, Aquaria, and more. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
Ahead of the show on October 24, H&M has released the official lookbook for their highly anticipated collab with Moschino. The 57 look lineup holds a fabulous amount of flair, punk, and a whole lot of youth, with an unexpected cast full of some of the industry's most exciting faces (surely curated by Jeremy Scott himself) including Teddy Quinlivan, Aquaria, Louis Bubko, Mj Rodriguez, Barbie Ferreira, and Bria Vinaite. 
Peep some of Moschino x H&M collaboration below, and stay tuned for coverage of the show on October 24 and the official drop in stores and online on November 8!   Directed by Steve Mackey and Douglas Hart, "Other Conversations" features the young actresses and models posed against muted, monochromatic backgrounds. Directed by Steve Mackey and Douglas Hart, "Other Conversations" features the young actresses and models posed against muted, monochromatic backgrounds. Text: Lilly Pace 
Miu Miu's second campaign of their FW18 collection features Rowan Blanchard, Raffey Cassidy, Gwendoline Christie, Elle Fanning, and Adwoa Aboah. The young Miu Miu gang, comprised of both rising models and actresses, pose solemnly in front of dimly lit pastel backgrounds for the campaign video, while a woman's voice disinterestedly states her opinion on braids, bobs, and pixie cuts. Begun as a test shoot in central London, the pop art-inspired film carries the message that these young stars are not to be messed with. 
"They are in control of their wardrobe because they are in control of their lives," said Miu Miu in a press release. "They are bold in what they wear because they are bold in how they live." 
Styled by Katie Grand, filmed by Call This Number, and directed by Steve Mackey and Douglas Hart, the visuals of Other Conversations highlight the girl power that is embedded in Miu Miu's AW18 collection. 
Check out the Warholian stills below and the campaign video here!   Get dreamy with Emon Toufanian's latest dazed photography Get dreamy with Emon Toufanian's latest dazed photography Photography: Emon Toufanian Styling: Ferdi Sibbel 
Click through the slideshow to see photographer Emon Toufanian's "Duplex Planet".  In anticipation of Sunday's ceremony, we take a look back at some of the greatest looks on the carpet. In anticipation of Sunday's ceremony, we take a look back at some of the greatest looks on the carpet. Text: Brandon Tan 
On Sunday, the Golden Globes will see its 76th award ceremony. That means 76 red carpets, which means 76 masses of top-industry celebrities which of course, means a plentiful bounty of 76 years' worth of looks! For the entirety of its several-decade life, the Golden Globes has served as a gushing fountain of fashion, a deep reservoir of style inspiration for the masses. Some of the most iconic moments at the intersection of pop culture and fashion sprout from a single strut down the red carpet. With the right stride and the right shoe, a nominee doesn't need an award to win the night. 
Rejoice with us in a brief retrospective of the most memorable red carpet looks to have graced the award ceremony below.  As a detail focused designer, Christopher Kane continues to shine. As a detail focused designer, Christopher Kane continues to shine. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
Christopher Kane’s FW18 collection is a fusion of intricate lace and beading, as well as elegant velvet with an edge. Kane, a designer who continues to evolve his already established aesthetic each season, further fuels his narrative with a collection that embraces the power of the ultimate party dress.  
The strength of this collection is displayed most in Kane’s dresses. Mixed materials, varietal lengths, and poised styling and silhouettes compliment each complex garment and their multifaceted qualities. His incorporation and execution of sheer lace dresses read appropriately chic and have an easy eye-catching feast of detail. A pair of sister party dresses, sectioned off in cadences of fabric and connected with saturated beading, end the collection with an obvious show-stopping quality to them. Other moments include tops and dresses emblazoned with terms like ‘Special’, ‘More Joy’, and ‘Sex’, as well as structural topcoats and a refreshing appearance of crushed velvet. 
Christopher Kane continues to design with a keen eye that, yes, focuses on detail, but succeeds most in his ability to bring a collection to full fruition. It’s as if Kane chooses to collaborate with the narratives of his previous collections, stimulating his present work to continue to move forward as a designer. A nostalgically noble sentiment that indeed makes Christopher Kane one of a kind.                                                        From Arles, France to the outskirts of Manhattan, we tour the heightened reality of cruise–no VR necessary. From Arles, France to the outskirts of Manhattan, we tour the heightened reality of cruise–no VR necessary. Photography: Tim Richardson Styling: Michelle Cameron Text: Devin Barrett         
This spread appears in the pages of V116, our Winter 2018 issue, arriving on newsstands November 8. Pre-order your copy of V116 at shop.vmagazine.com today! 
Be transported to Arles, France, where Gucci and Alessandro Michele unveiled the Italian house’s afterlife-like spectacle for Cruise. It’s a place that belongs to everyone; death is a fascination. Assembled amid a fiery graveyard, Michele’s army of models ranged from mourning widows (flowers in hand) to kids playing rock stars. The energy of an electric, free imagination was alive and well. As the soul of rock and roll traveled through the air (Elton John performed, after all), flashes of youth culture merged with 18th-century influences. Picture Chateau Marmont iconography, “three little pigs” renderings, Billy Idol merchandise, and one delightfully enthusiastic spray tan.          Photographed by Tyrone LeBon, these images will transport you to the Italian islands. Photographed by Tyrone LeBon, these images will transport you to the Italian islands. Text: Zoe Elefterin 
Bottega Veneta just released its first ad campaign under the new creative director, Daniel Lee. The campaign features their Spring Summer 2019 collection, photographed by Tyrone LeBon.  
These dreamy images capture the spirit of this collection, one that focuses on the transient and fleeting nature of time. For Lee, there is focus on paying homage to Bottega Veneta's roots and ultimately creating something that feels timeless. There’s a simple color palette of beiges, blacks, and whites—an array of basics that could timelessly complement any trend. There are also fine knits, supple coats and a buttery leather tote; this collection of clothing and images is full of subtle confidence. Minimalism with a major impact. 
The photos were inspired by Italian neorealist cinema, which frequently cast non actors to address the innate Italian psyche and way of life. These images reflect that idea in their casual essence. Taken on the Neapolitan island of Ischia, its evident that the photos adopt the landscape's beautifully simple air under a blue sky and warm sun. An eternal holiday. 
Check out the images below.    The actress will serve as the face of the iconic fashion house's newest cruise campaign. The actress will serve as the face of the iconic fashion house's newest cruise campaign. Text: Lilly Pace Penelope Cruz has officially joined the star-studded roster of Chanel brand ambassadors. The Oscar-winning actress, selected personally by Creative Director Karl Lagerfeld, will appear in the brand's upcoming cruise campaign. Cruz celebrated her new partnership by attending Chanel's Haute Couture Fall Winter 2018/19 show at Le Grand Palais in Paris earlier today. She was photographed with Lagerfeld wearing a Chanel pink-and-white button-down tweed dress and beret. Cruz has been a fan of Chanel for years, as the actress has both attended shows for decades and dressed in the brand for events from the Oscars to her 2009 film "Broken Embraces". “It’s such an iconic brand and Karl is a genius, and I’ve been admiring everything he’s done since I was a little girl, so it’s such a pleasure working with him," Cruz said. "He’s like the king of fashion and we had a really, really interesting photo shoot, so to be in front of his camera is an adventure." With such strong mutual respect for each other, there's no surprise Lagerfeld selected the actress to be his latest campaign star.  Oscar-winning actress Penélope Cruz has been chosen by Karl Lagerfeld to become the new CHANEL ambassador and attended the #CHANELHauteCouture show earlier today in Paris. She will also be the face of the upcoming #CHANELCruise 2018/19 campaign. @penelopecruzoficial A post shared by  CHANEL (@chanelofficial) on Jul 3, 2018 at 11:27am PDT  Tom Ford does what he does best: tailoring with a double dose of glamour. Tom Ford does what he does best: tailoring with a double dose of glamour. Text: Erin McDowell 
When Tom Ford was tasked with opening the Fall 2019 Ready-to-Wear season, he did so with undeniable fanfare. The collection echoes a type of power only attainable in the current sexual and political climate, with a diverse cast of models and androgynous silhouettes the calling card. Star powers Gigi Hadid and Joan Smalls anchor the show's high-glam sex appeal in strong-shouldered velvet and silk suits reminiscent of the glam rock era of the 1970s, and evening gowns are given an extra edge with chain-link detailing. 
For Tom Ford, tailoring is king. The collection is cuffed, tucked, buttoned, and accessorized to heaven and back. The color palette is decidedly elegant — lush velvet jackets appear in wine hues, silk trousers vary from muted royal purples to army green and rust, and metallic accents give a nod to the effortless cool vibe akin to a brand like Yves Saint Laurent. Accessories range from fur fedoras to glitter and velvet peep-toe party shoes. 
Though Tom Ford Fall 2019 is undeniably classic in its tailoring, that is not to say it doesn't have the finger on the pulse of what is young and fresh. The collection closes with a silver gown that wouldn't be out of place at Studio 54, but the buckle details and Versace-esque crystal chain mail couldn't be more now.   Girl power is in overdrive in the brand's largest-ever women's campaign. Girl power is in overdrive in the brand's largest-ever women's campaign. Text: Tess Garcia Reebok has launched its largest women's campaign to date, and we couldn't be happier about its cast. Among the amazing ladies featured are Ariana Grande, Gal Gadot, Danai Gurira, and V114 cover star Gigi Hadid. The campaign, entitled Be More Human, seeks to encourage women to embrace their bodies inside and out. In addition to unveiling short interviews with each of the women, Reebok has announced that it will be donating 100 percent of proceeds from a limited-edition line of Be More Human tanks and tees ($35 each) to organizations including the Women's Strength Coalition and the Movemeant Foundation. Check out the Be More Human interviews with Grande, Gadot, Gurira, and Hadid below.  Valentino Dream showcases the brand's masterful artistry. Valentino Dream showcases the brand's masterful artistry. Text: Dylan Kelly 
Drafting the Valentino fantasy into existence, creative visionary Pierpaolo Piccioli presented an exceptional haute couture show yesterday to welcome the maison’s new storefront in Beijing. Industry nobility flocked to China's capital city to spectate the show, titled Valentino Dream, as models debuted the Italian fashion house’s latest iteration of sartorial artistry. Among the historical Summer Palace’s royal tranquility, Valentino's latest 45 masterpieces spoke to the brand's forward-thinking mindset in all of their glittering and embellished glory. 
Crafted for the eyes of the creatively-inspired and fashion-indulgent region, Piccioli bolstered the range’s Italian authenticity in a statement, defining it as “a real Italian haute couture collection—not anything to do with China. It’s important to keep your identity,” he continued, “especially when you bring your culture to another world and use it to evaluate the diversities.” Practicing mindfulness in respect to Chinese culture, Valentino Dream holds true to the maison's Italian values and elegantly displays its silver shimmering faces and perfectly-tied pink bows to the audience of Beijing.  
Inspired by the grandiose charm of the Italian Renaissance, Valentino’s couture collection revitalizes the period’s refined taste with contemporary pops of bright colors and intricately detailed design processes. Dominant flashes of pink shades, vibrant greens, simple whites, and regal golds encapsulate the colorscape of the range, while patterned fabrics and textured designs add a dynamic aura to the collection’s completion. Among statement ensembles, a dress entirely covered in hundreds of pink-hued bows delicately bounced down the runway and a silver dress embroidered with an impressive 32,000 shining sequins captivated the audience’s entire attention. The final production’s precise execution and idiosyncratic perfection made for a presentation wholly original to the House and certainly faithful to Piccioli’s creative vision. 
Indulge in the Valentino Dream in the slideshow below.  
   The Hypebeast Founder and CEO joined Mercedes-Benz for a discussion on the future. The Hypebeast Founder and CEO joined Mercedes-Benz for a discussion on the future. Photography:  Text: MATHIAS ROSENZWEIG 
This past weekend, V attended the 33rd International Festival of Fashion, Photography, and Fashion Accessories in Hyères, France. In essence, the annual gathering is organized to support emerging talent within the three varying disciplines, with each category featuring a selection of ten promising contestants. Having established synonymity internationally with the term "fashion week," it's of little surprise that Mercedes-Benz has been supporting the cultural celebration since 2012. 
This year, Hypebeast Founder and CEO Kevin Ma joined the likes of Solange Knowles, Slick Woods, and Humberto Leon (amongst others) in the next stage of the #mbcollective fashion story and as one of the faces of #WeWonder. Over the weekend, Ma participated in a panel alongside the company's Editor-in-Chief Arbi Li and Senior Producer Kevin Wong to discuss the theme of "Progression," touching on how he sees technology continuing to merge with our futures, even if it means looking at the past. After the panel, hosted by Caroline Issa, V sat down with Ma to discuss his business's evolution, connecting with his audience, and being a part of #WeWonder. 
Has your audience changed from what it was in the beginning, or has it simply expanded?  
We don’t look at the audience profile too much. We do, in terms of knowing our demographic, but when it comes to it being different than before, I don’t think so. I believe that the original crowd grew up with us, so at that time they were in their high school years or something like that. Now, they’re out working as young adults. I guess I myself am a part of that audience. I was in university and now I still like this stuff. I think it’s also expanded, mostly from going from a website to social media platforms. The audience is much bigger than before. There’s more people involved. There’s more interest from different parts of the world. The age range has expanded as well; it can be from high school kids to folks in their 40s. 
You guys have also made a conscious effort to expand on gender as well.  
We don’t think about it. We just do it, and if females like it, cool. 
Because social media is evolving all the time, what ups and downs have you had with its evolution? 
A recurring theme is that I don’t think about that stuff. It’s more about social media being this really cool platform that we all started to use because we thought it was interesting. We didn’t think about it from a business angle, whether it was going to disrupt our business, we just went along with it, started an account, and started posting what we liked. It wasn’t about making money, it was about our love for social media. We’re not afraid of this stuff, it’s just another way to communicate. 
Do you do a lot of social media-specific content? Stuff you’ll see on social media but not on the site? Or is it not so divided? 
Each platform is a different way to communicate. Whether it’s Instagram or YouTube or our website or print, we just communicate in different ways because the attention span on each platform is a little bit different. Instagram is very visually-driven—it’s more about aesthetics. If you want to write a long essay, it doesn’t translate that well there. That’s where our website is used more. If you want in-depth features, you put it in the print magazine. It’s just different ways to communicate. 
How has Hypebeast been working with influencers?  
We try our best to connect and work with people who are creating cool stuff in the world. The world’s a big place and it can accommodate everyone to have their own voice. I think with this kind of technology and these tools, it allows people to have a voice. I think it’s amazing. 
It’s more of a dialogue versus competing voices.  
Yeah, we don’t think of it as competition. 
In media, where it’s constantly fluctuating and changing, how do you guys try to have a plan for longevity? Or maybe you don’t think long-term like that? 
We really don’t. If you were to ask me where we’ll be in five years, I don’t know, to be honest. Technology changes so fast and you have to be so flexible, be fluid. If you make long-term plans and things change, will you stick with those plans when it doesn’t make sense? I don’t think so. I just think you’ve got to keep doing things that make sense at that time. I think planning too far in advance is detrimental to whatever you’re creating. 
This is a bit of a retroactive question. You guys have an insanely huge audience. Was there a moment where you were like, “Wow we went viral,” or was it a gradual growth? 
I think it was a gradual growth. Recently, it’s expanded more exponentially. I don’t know why. In the first couple years, we were just doing our own thing. We were quite niche at the time—no one really knew what we were doing or understood what we were doing. It was a small community of fashion-lovers, sneaker-lovers, whatever. I do think that social media had a big part in how the brand expanded. There are way more people that know about Hypebeast culture than before, because of the accessibility of the information. It’s just easier now than before. It was gradually growing, and then in the last two years, it went boom, crazy. 
I imagine you guys have built up a really organic, engaged audience. In terms of algorithms, that helps to prioritize your brand, when other people are pushing and paying to get that stuff out there.  
Again, we don’t really think about that. If we’re just creating content for the sake of engagement, then you get pigeonholed into that kind of contenty—click-baity content. I think for us, we have to be authentic to ourselves and create content we love first of all. If that happens to make an impact or get people engaged, cool. 
You’re in a crux now where you’re commenting on a lot of culture, but you’re also big enough that you’re shaping culture as well. Do you consciously think about where those two things intersect? 
We always try to think of ourselves as not being a big force. That’s an important mindset we try to keep. For us, it’s always about learning and discovering whatever’s happening in the world. We don’t want to be like, “We’re the biggest force so we can dictate where things are going.” We don’t want to do that, absolutely not. That’s just closed-minded. We want to keep it open-minded, everyone can have a voice if they’re doing cool stuff. We want to support everyone, from big designers to young, emerging designers. It’s all important. 
Can you talk about Mercedes-Benz and #WeWonder and why it was a good fit for you or the brand to be working together? 
When Mercedes approached me for this campaign, the concept of #WeWonder is really about sitting down and wondering about stuff—about the future, but also wondering about our present lives. How can things in our lives be better or easier? How can we help people? For us specifically, how can we highlight things that we love? There are young and emerging artists, designers, and musicians that we love, so it’s about finding out how to give them a platform and getting the word out. If we can help in any way, that’s amazing. We just want to help and participate in emerging art.   Joyful living and bright colors at Salvadore Ferragamo Spring/Summer 2020 — with a side of medieval ossuary visits. Joyful living and bright colors at Salvadore Ferragamo Spring/Summer 2020 — with a side of medieval ossuary visits. Text: Valerie Stepanova A full-time musician and a part-time model, Rainsford is juggling her music gigs and shoots while also finding time for front-row appearances every now and then. With so much going on—including plans to release a new single called “Open Open” on October 18, she still found time last week to take a trip to Milan as Paul Andrew’s guest at Ferragamo’s Spring/Summer 2020 show, for which she put together an exclusive photo diary for V. Check it out below! PRE-SHOW SELFIE SERIES   “Ferragamo kicked things off early! Here’s me and my selfie waiting for the car at the hotel, and then waiting for the show to start!” RAINBOWS AND UNICORNS   “So into the vibrant makeup!” SOME SERIOUS SOCK INSPO    “Dying for the bright colors throughout the collection. And the adorable little white socks paired with girly shoes.” GROUP SELFIES: POST-SHOW EDITION  “Backstage after the show with Camilla, Tommy, and Hari. We loved it!”      “The one touristy thing I had to make time to see was the Ossuary at San Bernadino alle Ossa.  Its walls are decorated with real human skulls and bones.  Obviously I wore this sweatshirt to match.” HÔTEL DE CHIC  “Getting ready for dinner in this gorgeous pale blue dress.  Then off to the airport at 3 am! What a trip!”  Offering more than 150 looks for the coming Spring/Summer season, this jet set ready-to-wear collection reaches new heights for the brand. Offering more than 150 looks for the coming Spring/Summer season, this jet set ready-to-wear collection reaches new heights for the brand. Text: AJ Longabaugh Taking Milan Fashion Week by storm, the invites to Emporio Armani's SS19 runway arrived asking for TSA approved information and a reminder to not forget your passport. Set inside the hangar of the Milan Linate Airport, Armani presented his Emporio Armani "Boarding" collection with over 150 looks to satisfy any fashion consumer this coming spring season. Designer Giorgio Armani says, “Airports are places full of symbolism. They suggest unbounded openness to the world outside. You take off to discover and learn, or come back after experiencing countless adventures. I liked the idea of staging this event in the same hangar which has been labelled with the “Emporio Armani” insignia and its iconic eagle logo since 1996 — an image that welcomes the thousands of travellers who land at Linate Airport or functions as a farewell as they depart from Milan. The airport is the perfect space for Emporio Armani, the brand that embodies a free, adventurous spirit and continually reasserts its essence through a contemporary style." Delivering a collection that holds jet-set sentiment with fashion forward flexibility, Armani's casted militia of models evolved from surfers to chic metropolitan sidewalk babes, each en route and on a mission to whatever their final destination may be. Remaining tailored as ever, the collection holds the youthful spirit the mega brand embodies, giving young professionals, bright young things, and wayfarers on their way, a balanced wardrobe feeling ever-modern and ready for the all to real on-the-go hustle. Watch the Emporio Armani's SS19 runway in action below:  JW Anderson and Converse blend high fashion and streetwear for Simply_Complex. JW Anderson and Converse blend high fashion and streetwear for Simply_Complex. Text: Gillian Rivera 
JW Anderson and Converse announced their latest collaboration. Simply_Complex  hones in on the merging of high fashion and street style. While the two brands sit on opposite sides of the fashion spectrum, the collab celebrates the artistry that is born of a meeting such as this. The collection features the Thunderbolt and Chuck 70 styles, which were featured in past partnerships as well. 
With a keen focus on materialization, Jonathan aimed to reconstruct these iconic silhouettes to tell a new story. At the start of the collaboration the Thunderbolt caught Jonathan's eye, and now the iconic sneaker has returned in denim and suede iterations. As for the Chuck 70, the imaginative designer was inspired by the traditional brown menswear shoe and when it came time to execute his design he stated, "We approached it as a sneaker first but introduced detailed elements and the suede execution that make it a sort of curious version of Chuck, ultimately constructing the silhouette as a statement shoe.” 
Check out the collection below, which will be available in stores and online March 2nd.   At this year's AMA's, stars took colorful risks that certainly paid off. At this year's AMA's, stars took colorful risks that certainly paid off. Text: Dylan Kelly At the American Music Awards, the red carpet is always filled with eccentric experimentation, and this year was no exception. Stars stepped out of their comfort zones with double-take worthy looks, resulting in an array of viral fashion moments. From Lizzo’s iconic mini Valentino purse to Lil Nas X’s exquisitely tailored, neon green Christopher John Rogers suit, this year’s AMAs looks were certainly ones for the books. Take a look at our favorites from last night’s festivities below. Selena Gomez Showing out in an effervescent green mini dress from Versace’s runway, Selena Gomez celebrated her musical revival at this year’s AMA’s. In an Instagram post after her stellar performance, she wrote, “Feels good to be back. Thank you to my entire team and to my fans that stand by me. All of this is for you and because of you. excited for this chapter #sg2.” Glad to have you back, Selena.    @SelenaGomez arrives to the #AmericanMusicAwards in an acid green mini dress with ruffle embellishment from the #VersaceSS20 runway. #VersaceCelebrities #AMAs A post shared by  Versace (@versace) on Nov 25, 2019 at 5:26am PST  Billie Eilish Reinventing modern streetwear, Billie Eilish never has a dull fashion moment. Captivating attention on the red carpet in a vintage, oversized Burberry t-shirt coupled with a glittering crystal veil, the double award-winning vocalist paid respect to Riccardo Tisci’s timeless artistry.    Double award winner #BillieEilish attends the #AMAs wearing a bespoke #Burberry Vintage check oversized t-shirt with statement crystal mesh sleeves and matching trousers, made from recycled polyester. Accented by a crystal mesh veiled bonnet – a new style created by #RiccardoTisci and first unveiled on the #BurberrySpringSummer20 runway . #InBurberry #ReBurberry A post shared by  Burberry (@burberry) on Nov 25, 2019 at 1:10am PST  Lil Nas X A certified style icon, Lil Nas X is exploring uncharted territory in men’s fashion. Brightening the carpet in a fully-tailored, slime green Christopher John Rogers ensemble, the “Old Town Road” star is redefining masculine expression.    🍏🥒🎾 An undeniable icon and an incredible representation of the tenacity and talent of our generation, the little bro, @lilnasx, in a custom #christopherjohnrogers Slime Green silk wool fully tailored suit with metallic flocked stretch velvet tee and opera evening gloves for the 2019 American Music Awards, styled by the good sis @hodovodo! A humongous thank you to my team for all of your hard work that allowed this to happen. 💚📗🥑 A post shared by  Christopher John Rogers (@christopherjohnrogers) on Nov 24, 2019 at 5:12pm PST  Billy Porter Billy Porter’s style is something of its own breed, and it certainly doesn’t go unnoticed. His stunning all-white Thom Browne outfit coupled with Stephen Jones’ masterful headpiece speaks to the future of fashion.    Tonight’s @thombrowneny Men’s Runway S | S 2020 @amas lewk. I’m wearing hints of red, white and blue because I’m an American and this is what we look like. #AmericanMusicAwards #AMA’s 📸 @gettyentertainment Styling @sammyratelle Grooming @simonegrooming Look @ThomBrowneNY Hat @stephenjonesmillinery Ring @oscarheyman A post shared by  Billy Porter (@theebillyporter) on Nov 24, 2019 at 8:05pm PST  Big Freedia Big Freedia walked the red carpet in an eclectic ensemble of blazing color last night. Wearing Libertine’s floral trousers and powerful cape, the hip hop powerhouse made a bright statement.    LIBERTINE OR DIE – BIG FREEDIA AT THE AMAs LAST NIGHT- showing them how to do it in our “Hamish Floral” trousers and trackie and “Magic Powers“ cape- NME called him best dressed, and we couldn’t agree more.. 💜♥️💛🧡❤️💙💧💧💚💚💚🥶😤👅👅👅💕💓❤️💙❤️💙👁👁👁🏆❌⭕️💰💰💰#libertine #johnsonhartig #bigfreedia #kesha #ama #amas #raisinghell #queenofbounce #showusfreedia #neworleans #bounce #twerk #twerkingcontest @ballinpr ❌⭕️❤️ A post shared by  L I B E R T I N E (@officiallibertine) on Nov 25, 2019 at 7:51am PST  Lizzo In a Valentino custom dress, Lizzo essentially broke the internet with her extra tiny purse. The maison’s toybag, crafted in collaboration with Obvious Plant, certainly took home the night’s Best Accessory.    @lizzobeeating attended yesterday’s @amas in a Valentino custom dress and Extra Tiny Valentino Garavani #VSLING toybag, a special creation made in collaboration with @obviousplant. A post shared by  Valentino (@maisonvalentino) on Nov 25, 2019 at 1:12am PST  Camila Cabello The “Havana” singer graced the AMA’s carpet in an elegant Oscar de la Renta raffia-embroidered tulle gown. Sporting long braids, Camila Cabello served Rapunzel-esque perfection.    Camila Cabello is radiant on the red carpet at tonight’s American Music Awards wearing our #odlrspring2020 raffia-embroidered tulle gown. A post shared by  Oscar de la Renta (@oscardelarenta) on Nov 24, 2019 at 6:25pm PST  Christina Aguilera In a sharp Jean-Paul Gaultier silhouette, Christina Aguilera’s pop prowess controlled the carpet upon her arrival. Box shoulders juxtaposed with an elegant veil provided for a contemporary take on feminine style.    American Music Awards 2019 🤍 Archive @jpgaultierofficial . . Styled by: @karenclarkson Makeup: @etienneortega Hair: @robsalty Nails: @kimkimnails A post shared by  Christina Aguilera (@xtina) on Nov 24, 2019 at 6:12pm PST  Shawn Mendes Shawn Mendes showed out in a finely tailored, purple and green Paul Smith suit. Exposing his chest under his statement blazer, the renowned singer certainly garnered a multitude of heart eyes from star-crossed fans.    ⠀ ⠀⠀ @ShawnMendes attends the 2019 American Music awards wearing @PaulSmithDesign ✨⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀⠀#FTMEvent / #ShawnMendes #AMAs #PaulSmith #event #appearance #style #model / photo credit: getty images. A post shared by  FASHION TO MAX (@fashiontomax) on Nov 24, 2019 at 5:48pm PST       These stars came decked out, Gucci approved. These stars came decked out, Gucci approved. Text: Angelica Manos This past weekend, top-notch celebrities walked the blue carpet of The Los Angeles County Museum of Art gala, presented by Gucci, to honor Betye Saar and Alfonso Cuarón. Stars pulled up to the event dressed in their best, though only 5 attendees really made our jaws drop.     #LastNight ♥️ 2019 LACMA Art + Film Gala presented by @Gucci | Honoring the incredible @alfonsocuaron and #BetyeSaar 🙏🏾 #lacmassawippi . Thank you @1evachow 😘😘 A post shared by  Naomi Campbell (@naomi) on Nov 3, 2019 at 9:44am PST  Supermodel and legend, Naomi Campbell strutted the carpet wearing a cherry red Versace gown, covered in sequins, making her glow that much more. Campbell paired the look with matching open-toed heels and accessorized with all silver jewels. The gorgeous model styled her hair in long waves that fell down her back and immediately stole the show.     🕺🏻🕺🏻 @gucci 📸 #gettyimages A post shared by  JARED LETO (@jaredleto) on Nov 3, 2019 at 2:02pm PST   2. Jared Leto Jared Leto always stands out, but at the LACMA Gala, he really showed up. Leto sported a custom made light-salmon colored, Gucci jacket, with his name embroidered into the sleeve. The jacket featured black lapels and a gold trim, which the actor paired with black trousers and white boots. We’re always a fan of Leto’s looks, but this carpet he took high fashion to another level.      THANK YOU @gucci FOR HAVING ME A post shared by  BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish) on Nov 3, 2019 at 2:02pm PST     3. Billie Eilish  Billie Eilish is known for her extravagant two-piece matching outfits usually decked in head-to-toe designer, and at this Gala, she did not disappoint. Eilish walked the carpet in a gorgeous flowing Gucci outfit, featuring floral embroidery down the sides. She completed the ‘fit with a stand-out gold necklace and blue Gucci frames.     In sync with @feliciathegoat 🕴🏽🕴🏽 A post shared by  Yara (يارا‎) Shahidi (@yarashahidi) on Nov 3, 2019 at 1:15pm PST   4. Yara Shahidi  The stunning Yara Shahidi’s luminosity shone bright as she graced the Gala, dressed in a golden, one-shoulder Gucci gown. Shahidi flashed the cameras a peace sign and smile, while looking elegant with a chic up-do and dangling earrings. The grown-ish star also posed back-to-back with good friend, Tyler The Creator, bringing genuine light and laughter to the carpet.     #DonaldGlover @childishgambino at the @lacma 2019 Art+Film Gala wearing a #Gucci floral jacquard Heritage jacket, crêpe de chine shirt with self-fabric bow, tuxedo trousers with satin detail and leather Horsebit chain loafers. @alessandro_michele #AlessandroMichele #artandfilm A post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on Nov 3, 2019 at 4:07pm PST   5. Donald Glover Fan-favorite, Donald Glover, came dressed to impress in an absolutely gorgeous Gucci floral jacquard jacket with a “crêpe de chine shirt with self-fabric bow” underneath. Glover radiates confidence wherever he goes, making us love him and his looks that much more.   This exclusive online editorial explores the season's most reflective trend, transporting fashion into an illuminated, prismatic dimension. This exclusive online editorial explores the season's most reflective trend, transporting fashion into an illuminated, prismatic dimension. Photography: Gus&Lo Styling: Aleksandra Markovic     The Blutstein twins explore an uninhabited castle producing an allure of mystery, wonder, and inheritance. The Blutstein twins explore an uninhabited castle producing an allure of mystery, wonder, and inheritance. Photography: Christian Cody Text: Chloe Laguette 
Christian Cody shot the editorial in 35mm film and directed the film (shot by Brandon Polack) in at the Historic Westview Cemetery castle in Atlanta, featuring twins Reese and Molly Blutstein on the grounds of the Battle of Ezra Church from the Civil War. 
Conveying a narrative in which two sisters discover the castle, Cody has shaped a journey where these two identical souls soon become infatuated with the eerie and majestic character of the building. They become heiresses to this inhabited, empty estate that seemingly exists for only them. "It was a perfect place to play on our themes of mystery, wonder, and love as the girls who visit this uninhabited castle take on their curious fantasies as heiresses to the expansive estate for the time being," he said. They played on the twins' doll-like appeal, which paired perfectly with their self-styled looks featuring Calvin Klein, Helmut Lang, Tibi, Saks Pots, Maison Cleo and more. 
The editorial's accompanying film features the song "Homecoming" by Atlanta native musician and producer, Jaixx, who's hollow and haunting echoes chills the visuals with a tone of suspension. "I heard her music before shooting and knew that it would pair well with the story. My goal was to evoke the feeling of togetherness through sisterhood, yet with a suspenseful solitude as the girls take the day to themselves here, in a castle that was once owned, but exists for them at the moment," said Cody. 
Watch the film here.    A wise man once told me, "If you’re not busy, something’s wrong.” My advice? Get you a Ferragamo bag that can keep up. A wise man once told me, "If you’re not busy, something’s wrong.” My advice? Get you a Ferragamo bag that can keep up. Text: Stella Pak “This is my friend, Stella. She has a creative consultancy, she’s the contributing beauty editor for V Magazine, she owns a noodle shop with her mom, and she’s running a marathon in November for the ASPCA.” Her friend looked at me wide eyed and asked, “How do you do it?” to which I replied, “I don’t know. I manage.” A wise man once told me, “If you’re not busy, something’s wrong.” My normal is not normal. And my comfort zone is always placing myself in challenging situations to prove that impossible is possible. Maybe it’s the marathon mentality or maybe it’s my ego. But at times, I find a meditative head space within the chaos. I chose this life of the unexpected 5 years ago when I left the comfort of a 9-5. I know I’m not the only one. Think of the weworks, Spring Place, Neue House and Soho House that have popped up in the past few years. Co-working spaces and mobile offices have grown parallel to the needs of our cultural landscape of free thinkers and disruptors who are crafting new models of business on their own terms. It’s hard to innovate sitting still behind a computer or a phone. We need to move locally and globally and take in the nuances of culture, experiences, smells and sounds to translate them creatively. The new office is the mobile office. My studio is in my bag. It’s no coincidence that Paul Andrew, the creative director of Ferragamo released the Studio bag series. The classic shape paired with soft calfskin leather and Gancini closure detail emphasizes authority, taste and diplomacy. It carries around the 12-hour day essentials through New York or a first class flight for a long weekend destination. The Foulard Print adds playfulness to an understated shape where you can experiment with layering patterns to your look or throw on to add an easy accent to an otherwise minimal look. And as much as the larger size is great for business, the mini cross overs in lipstick red are perfect for evening pleasures and casual weekends for a touch of refinement – especially for a beauty on the go.  The California-based designer refurbished a 1968 Mustang and a set of custom fashion looks. The California-based designer refurbished a 1968 Mustang and a set of custom fashion looks. Text: Danielle Combs 
The automotive and fashion industries have a storied past together. Since the inception of the automobile, and its eventual shift into a mainstream reality, the appeal of an alluring car has always inspired designers. For California-based designer Tessa Matthias, the chance to refurbish and design a 1968 Silver Mustang Fastback with MP Classics World was an experience she couldn’t pass up. “Designing cars has always been integrated into my design philosophy,” said Matthias. “I’m incredibly inspired by machinery in general, whether it’s about function or the specific industry that it is being used for, machines have a foundational strength that fascinates me. The fact that something can be made from nothing but a dream or idea, using existing materials and tools, is an incredibly exciting feeling.”  
Coinciding with the blazing hot rod’s refurbishment, Matthias also designed a set of vivacious and sleek looks, ranging from a leopard power suit to a frothy iridescent top with voluminous sleeves. To capture the essence of life on the road, the visionary designer combined the ease and effortlessness of Californian culture with her devout passion for machinery by utilizing color and relaxed silhouettes. “The custom fashion pieces I made for this project were all about using new and old materials together in one garment,” said Matthias. “That was intentionally in line with the same way that the car was approached. Recycling past ideas or materials to create something new. And it all looked so modern to me. That was incredible to see.” Like many designers who have sat in the driver’s seat, Matthias will never stop drawing inspiration from the automotive industry.  
Click through the slideshow to see the collaboration.   It's back to boarding school with FALL RISK Vol. 4, the latest from designer John Targon. It's back to boarding school with FALL RISK Vol. 4, the latest from designer John Targon. Text: Ryan Killian Krause 
School's in session, kiddos. FALL RISK is back with Volume 4 and this time around designer John Targon is taking us on a nostalgia-filled trip back to school with a collection of boarding school inspired looks. For the latest edition in his sustainably-driven and seasonless fashion line, Targon has partnered with the popular fashion marketplace app Depop. The entirety of Volume 4 will be available exclusively on Depop or at a pop-up on September 21st & 22nd at the Depop NYC space at 168 Mott Street. A launch party celebrating the pop-up will be held on the evening of September 20th from 6-9 pm. 
With FALL RISK Volume 4: ‘Remix Responsibly’, Targon underscores his commitment to sustainability, eliminating production waste and reducing our footprint on the planet by offering 49 one-of-a-kind fashion products including samples and prototypes.  Items will retail from $99 to $250. 
 “We believe that no item, no matter the stage of its development, should stay in a design studio. Imperfect perfection is what we're all about," said Targon. "The concept of ‘Remix Responsibly’ builds on one-of-a-kind products in an assortment of styles, prints, and colors that mix and match no matter when they were dropped.  This is the FALL RISK way to build a wardrobe.” 
FALL RISK Volume 4: ‘Remix Responsibly’ will be supported by a visual campaign shot by Justin Campbell, styled by Sara Klausing and featuring a diverse cast of models and personalities which embody individuality, including comedian Benito Skinner, musician TK Wonder, DJ Jenny Albright, and podcast sensation Olivia Perez.  
V recently caught up with Targon to learn more about Volume, his devotion to sustainable fashion, and what we can expect from the future of FALL RISK.  
Ryan Killian Krause: You put a big emphasis on the sustainability of your brand. Let's talk sustainability in Vol. 4. 
John Targon: There are a few key elements at play in Volume 4 but it was really about nothing going to waste.  The main viewpoint was that I would find a way - no matter where the piece was in the design process - to make it something someone could love and wear, and something that didn’t just end up sitting around the studio.  One of the key sustainability parts was in the redesign, where I took prototypes and shortened them, added things, subtracted things or just changed things about them all by hand; it’s almost a bespoke approach and it was helpful to not be limited by a larger production run because I just thought about each piece individually. The second part is that all the pieces are knitwear, and inherently in my set up of the designs I create fully fashioned pieces that don’t waste yarn, I use only what each piece needs to make it. 
RKK: So, are the Vol. 4 pieces old prototypes or samples from previous volumes? 
JT: There are some prototypes from previous volumes but an incredible number of the pieces are unreleased, so it’s totally fresh.  And what I did was I made them each something I love and then saved that process for future volumes, where I’ll make another round of changes either large or subtle to keep those styles as part of the brand language, which helped me extend the total life of each piece as well because they became something new for the future. 
RKK: Did you use sustainable manufacturing techniques like with Vol. 3? 
JT: I used a variety of biodegradable yarns, that’s one of the biggest ways I am pushing forward with the brand, and because I already do fully fashioned knits the waste to produce is incredibly controlled. 
RKK: What was the inspiration for Vol. 4? Did you pull on your nostalgia this time around as well? 
JT: What you’ll see here is that nostalgia is always a source of inspiration and what makes my approach most exciting to me is that you almost can’t pinpoint why you feel you know it familiar.  I am really interested in these subtle twists in cultural references, different eras, and some definite fantasy.  I kept going back to the idea of getting ready for school, and how you could create an effortless uniform of sorts, but not in a standard way.  The inspiration was rooted in boarding school prep, but for the student who smokes in the bathroom stalls and doesn’t get caught - just a touch rebellious. 
RKK: How does Vol 4 fit in with previous (or future) volumes? 
JT: It is an exact extension of both, the pieces here are part of a larger world that I built out for the next year or so. So, keeping familiar threads while introducing newness was key.  A very consistent thread in the collections is that it’s all knitwear and I am really enjoying pushing the technical boundaries in that area and what will come in the future.  I am so far less concerned with things being quick and more about them being timeless and wearable day in and day out, all the way through to five years from now. 
RKK: Why'd you decide to partner with Depop this time around? 
JT: I’ve been watching the Depop story unfold and my immediate reaction was wow, here is this incredible community built on personal curation, including your friends and sustainability; and I thought that’s me, that’s FALL RISK.  The alignment and interest stemmed from my core brand message which is to empower my customers' individuality through carefree expression.  I truly believe the power of standing out comes from not fitting in, and that’s when the idea gelled for me - provide access to one-of-a-kind pieces just as unique as the sellers and shoppers on Depop.  It allows me to share my process and also opens up an additional appreciation for all the designs and work we do. 
RKK: For Vol. 4 you're continuing the in-person sales you did for Vol. 3. How did the in-person event for Vol. 3 go? Can we expect more in-person events for future volumes? 
JT: I approach things in this way: how can I know more about my customers? The world of customers that I don’t know offers a ton of inspiration to me.  I’m not interested in moving my customers to me, but I’m interested in going to my customers.  So, this in-store is exactly that – it’s an opportunity to meet a new demographic and mix them with my existing customers.  You will most definitely see more of these in-person events, but I am going to need to ensure that each is special in approach so that means I’ll try a new approach for Volume 5, wink wink.  The Hamptons event was incredible, the store was filled with a special energy and buzz, and it was awesome to see that people are already geared up for the weather change. I think everyone who has the cashmere is thinking, wow that was actually the best choice I made in July, haha. 
RKK: It's only been a month since Vol. 3 dropped. Can we expect Vol. 5 as quickly? 
JT: I am kind of beating to the beat of my own drum right now, and when things feel right, I’ll share them. They really have to have a purpose. That's super important to me.  I think Volume 5 will take a bit longer to be honest.  What I can say is you’ll see a Volume 4.1 before a Volume 5.  This partnership with Depop really motivated my interest in approaching the zero-waste angle with more vigor.  I have some very talented artist friends that I had over to my studio and we really started pushing one another’s creativity and the results are in the works and a perfect bridge to volume 5. 
Check out some of the looks in the slideshow below and make sure to download Depop so you can cop your one-of-a-kind FALL RISK Vol. 4 items before they sell out.              The definitive list is officially here. The definitive list is officially here. Text: Thomas Chou Forbes has just released its annual ranking of the top ten highest paid models for 2018. Earning a cumulative $113 million between June 1, 2017, and June 1, 2018, these supermodels have all scored big when it comes to booking major campaigns this year, with many having branched out into other industries like business or tech. Last year marked the first time that fashion legend Gisele Bündchen was usurped from her first place position by Kendall Jenner, a spot that the young Kardashian-clan member has maintained once again. Notably, this year’s list shows a drive upwards for the minimum cutoff, with an increase of $2.5 million for the 10th place earner. A reflection of the most current fashion industry muses (not to mention numerous V cover stars), check out the list below. 1. Kendall Jenner - $22 million 2. Karlie Kloss - $13 million 3. Rosie Huntington-Whiteley (tied) - $11.5 million 4. Chrissy Teigen (tied) - $11.5 million 5. Cara Delevingne (tied) - $11.5 million 6. Gisele Bündchen (tied) - $10 million 7. Gigi Hadid - $9.5 million 8. Joan Smalls (tied) - $8.5 million 9. Bella Hadid (tied) - $8.5 million 10. Doutzen Kroes - $8 million  "In times of insecurity and uncertainty, we must find refuge within ourselves and with each other." "In times of insecurity and uncertainty, we must find refuge within ourselves and with each other." Photography: Kevin Jude Styling: Michael Fusco 
V present "Pretty Handsome", an exclusive shoot by Kevin Jude. 
“We are all Pretty Handsome. In times of insecurity and uncertainty, we must find refuge within ourselves and with each other. Individuality, fluidity, sexuality and love is a beautiful thing.” Kevin Miklavcic (Creative Director)  Bella Hadid partnered with the New York streetwear brand to raid Donatella's archive. Bella Hadid partnered with the New York streetwear brand to raid Donatella's archive. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
“Homeboy could get it,” Bella Hadid once said. Besides going viral, the ad-libbed comment (made to Complex’s “Sneaker Shopping” talk show) unwittingly articulated the incongruous, meme-able nature of high fashion’s attraction to streetwear—and foreshadowed another such collision involving Hadid: the Kith x Versace collection, launching February 15, of which Hadid is the face. The visually luxe capsule, feted last night with a shoppable Soho soiree for VIPs, is a potent example of the power of streetwear to make high fashion accessible, reimagining prints and silhouettes from Versace’s unmistakable archive through a streetwear lens (think black slides with gold Versace emblems, outsize black-and-gold puffers). Putting the theory of streetwear's virality into practice, Kith will "re-brand" several popular New York spots including Carbone, ChaCha Matcha, Sadelle’s. With its ambitious campaign starring Hadid and the highly symbolic logo—a Medusa with a Kith logo eye-mask—this collection proves that, more than a passing vernacular, the streetwear “lens” is becoming the landscape.   Go behind-the-scenes as the rising model shows us the best spots in her hometown. Go behind-the-scenes as the rising model shows us the best spots in her hometown. Photography: Henrique Plantikow Styling: Sarah Benge  Read the second half of our incredible interview with pop's brightest star. Read the second half of our incredible interview with pop's brightest star. Photography: Inez & Vinoodh Styling: Alex White Text: MATHIAS ROSENZWEIG This article appears in the pages of V121: The Anniversary Issue on newsstands August 26. Pre-order your copy at shop.vmagazine.com. “I’m excited for the whole thing,” Billie Eilish told me the first time we spoke. She was 14 and had never done an interview before, already prefiguring the adventure that was to become her life. Now 17, she has over 30 million Instagram followers, a number one album, Calvin Klein campaigns, and the adoration of multiple generations. Having made backyard music videos since she was a toddler, she dreamt of becoming exactly what she has—the new pop archetype, arguably the Britney Spears of Generation Z. Thanks to her and her insatiable fans—including Julia Roberts, Kaia Gerber, and Katy Perry—“alt-pop” is no longer alt; it’s the future. As are Eilish’s idiosyncratic fashion and lifestyle choices. A sober vegan with post-male-gaze style, she embodies her generation’s mandate of self-love and empathy over personal gain. But, at least for now, she’s an individual entirely unto herself. Here, she and fellow maverick Pharrell Williams chat art, clairvoyance and sleep paralysis.  BILLIE EILISH Hi! How are you?    PHARRELL WILLIAMS I’m good man, how are you?    BE I’m alright, I just woke up. I am on the bus, somewhere. I don’t know where. Shit is so crazy right now, but I am good.    PW So much has happened since the last time I saw you. You were on your own vibe then, but it’s so cool to see you[‘ve] stuck with [it]. [You’re] inherently who you are; [you haven’t] changed or modified [that]. I think that’s such a beautiful thing; When you can just… be.    BE That’s kind of the goal; it’s just to not be really anything artificial because I think sometimes things can start out being real and then [that authenticity] fades away, into dirt. Hopefully I don’t ever do that. You’ve [avoided] that well—stayed just “Pharrell.” You are Pharrell, bro. That’s not just a name, that’s you.    PW Wow! Well listen, I am honored that you even see it that way. This is a [nonsequitur], but... when is your birthday?    BE December 18! What about you?    PW Oh, a Sagittarius... I’m an Aries. So, you are a fire sign? It makes all the sense... I am too! I have some questions in front of me, but I might stray off the path... That’s what us fire signs do! So when and where did you first hear one of your songs in public?    BE I was actually in a vegan ice cream shop in the middle of nowhere and it was completely empty. [It was] me, my brother, and my dad, and we just wanted to go get some vegan ice cream. [The place] felt really abandoned... But as we were ordering, “Ocean Eyes” started playing. I started dancing around the room because no one was in there. It was kind of surreal... For what you make in your little space—your bedroom, studio or whatever—to end up in some random vegan ice cream shop. For me, it was super impactful and meaningful: That’s my song, that’s my creation.    PW Were your dad and your brother losing their shit?    BE Yes! We were all jumping around. It could have been playing anywhere... It didn’t matter that it was just some little ice cream shop. Even that was a huge deal for me. It’s the same thing with shows; you can do a show that’s a thousand people and maybe you don’t enjoy it as much as a little tiny room with like 400 people where the energy is through the roof. It’s really not about the quantity or the quality of stuff—it’s more just the energy in the room and the actual connection there.    PW I agree. It’s a magical thing to just feel the energy... Okay, two questions that I’m sure you’re asked a lot: Where are you from? And how old are you? I know people can do the math, but I guess hearing you say it is different...    BE I’m from Highland Park, L.A., and I never have moved in my life. And how old am I? I am 17 as of right now... Age is a weird thing for me; I don’t remember ever being young. I always thought I was older than what I was.    PW So, intellectually, and [in terms of] your instincts, you feel like you are beyond your years?    BE I just think you can have as much knowledge as [you ever will] at any age... I guess I can’t [back that up], since I’ve never been older than 17... But I think anyone at any age can do anything and say anything.    PW You also seem like the kind of person who knows how blessed you are—who takes nothing for granted.    BE Oh my God, for sure. I try my hardest to [remember that], because it’s so easy to forget. It’s insane how fast your body can adapt [to certain experiences], [which then] become not as fun anymore. Or just, the experiences feel more familiar. Your body is like, “Uh, I did this before” [so on] a weird, [physical] level, gratitude [becomes less second nature]. So I just [have to] keep my eyes open, man, and catch myself when I complain. [That said], all pain is relative, and just because somebody is hurting more than you doesn’t mean that you aren’t allowed to hurt as well. But I still have to check myself sometimes, because I do have an amazing, crazy thing [going]. It gets horrifying, it gets miserable, but it’s kind of priceless [regardless]. You have to remember that.    PW Everything that you just said is a reflection of someone who is cognizant. Someone who has meta-cognition and is aware of their situation, aware of their environment, and aware of their positioning in life. [And] at 17, by the way. At 17! It’s not just your visuals or lyrics of your songs. It’s like your third eye—your essence. And I think it’s so cool. That is what we want for all kids, for all of our youth—for them to be awake. So many of them are asleep to so much [of the] crazy shit going on [right now]. Not to get all political, but voices like yours are so necessary. As we think about how women’s rights are under attack, it’s minds like yours that are going to set not only girls free, but a generation free.    BE I hope so, I really hope so. I don’t even have words to say about what is going on in the world. I go deaf because of the shit that I hear...    PW By the way, I am not trying to involve you in that in any way shape of form.    BE No, no. I got you.    PW I am just saying we just need more clear minds like yours. More lucid, where all the light bulbs are on. It’s a beautiful thing. So I wanted to ask you about the pressures of having a large platform. But what I love about you is, pressures [don’t seem like your] kind of issues, because you are very clear about what you think and what you feel. The question is whether you are prepared to share them or not. It’s not as if you don’t know what’s out there and what’s in the world; you are super clear. What do you feel about my assessment?    BE I feel like people automatically associate [stardom with pressure], which is kind of sad. I don’t know. There has been a whole world of young, especially female artists, and every artist (not just young) being used and manipulated by the stereotypical label or industry. There’s kind of this weird name on everything now where it’s like, people expect that. I remember the first time I had any sort of meeting with a label or management, I was 13. I think the only people that didn’t look at me like I was going to have a horrible career were the people that I ended up working with. Everyone was just like, “Oh, you’re 13, yikes, you’re going to be used,” and this and that. And I am like, “Yo, y’all are the people that would use me in the situation you are talking about.” So, I don’t know what that is supposed to mean. The only people who didn’t say that shit were the people that I felt an energy and connection with. I am really, really lucky and grateful that I have had the experience that I had with my label and with my team and everyone, because I never had any issues with people trying to pull me in a different direction, one in which I would not want to be headed. I think that might just be because I have always been the kind of person that knows what the fuck I want, and if it’s not what I want, then I am not going to do it.    PW It needs to move you.    BE Yes, exactly. It’s really helped me and I think I describe it in different ways where it’s like, I think it’s my best quality and my worst quality, how strong-willed I am, because it has brought me here. It literally has created who I am because I was just like, “You know what? I am going to do this and that’s that,” you know? But then it’s bad sometimes, too, because I shouldn’t do shit and I do it anyways. So I don’t know.    PW So I would say this is proof yet again that it’s not about one’s age. Your answers have already illustrated that. And understanding that requires a lot of self-awareness. To me, not only is it not about age—it’s not about the flesh. It’s about the spirit. And your spirit is definitely an older one. You have been here many times.    BE Man, you are a gem.  PW Listen, you are super kind but that’s you, man. You are definitely something else, you are “other” for sure. 100 percent. Let me ask you a question: what are people’s biggest misconceptions about you?  BE Oh man, I have thought about that a lot. There are a lot of misconceptions. I think the one that’s more recent, and I don’t know if it’s a misconception or just something that I really don’t like, which is that there is a whole kind of…you know [the way] I dress is very not necessarily feminine, or girly, or whatever. I wear baggy shit and I wear what I want; I don’t say, “Oh, I am going to wear baggy clothes because it’s baggy clothes.” It’s never like that. It’s more, just, I wear what I want to wear. But of course, everyone sees it as, “She’s saying no to being sexualized,” and, “She’s saying no to being the stereotypical female.” It’s a weird thing because I know a lot of what I hear is a positive or people trying to be positive about how I dress; how I am never really out there wearing nothing, or wearing dresses. I’ve heard that. [Even] from my parents, [the] positive [comments] about how I dress have this slut-shaming element. Like, “I am so glad that you are dressing like a boy, so that other girls can dress like boys, so that they aren’t sluts.” That’s basically what it sounds like to me. And I can’t [overstate how] strongly I do not appreciate that, at all. And they aren’t specifically saying that, but it feels like that. I have never ever looked at a girl who feels comfortable in her clothes, body, and skin and thought, “Ew, that’s gross, she is showing too much,” or, “I wish people wouldn’t wear that.” I have never in my life felt that way. I have always supported and fucked with and just loved when a woman or a man or anyone in the world feels comfortable in their skin, their body, to show just whatever they want. I don’t like that there’s this weird new world of supporting me by shaming people that [may not] want to [dress like me].  PW Yup, I’m so glad you are calling that out. It’s an old mentality—people trying to compartmentalize for their own safety and their own understanding. So if you are not doing something that everybody else is doing, then there certainly must be this equation for why you are[n’t] doing it. Meanwhile, you’re doing it because that’s what you like, that’s what you’re into. Like you just stated, any way the wind blows is cool with you. You are just living and being. You know what’s funny about people? We are called human beings; “human” meaning flesh but being meaning spirit, and I just don’t understand how the “being” part always gets lost. I think that’s the funny part about people’s assessment of you, that they don’t understand that. You are just being you; you are just being. And I think it’s so beautiful that you make that distinction. You’re going to set some more girls free, you are going to set some more boys free. And hopefully, you will set some of these old ass people who keep trying to govern and control people and put everybody in a fucking box; hopefully they will read this too and learn something today. They have got it all wrong and you represent even more freedom than their initial preconceived notions might have assumed for you.  BE Fuck yeah!  PW They wanted me to ask you, with the album name [When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?] in mind, what do you dream about?  BE What do I dream about? Oh my God. I have never had a good relationship with sleeping or anything involving sleeping. From since I was really young, I’ve had nightmares and sleep paralysis. It takes me hours to fall asleep. I only last year started having sleep paralysis, but I would say that might be one of the worst things in the whole world. I just have been imprisoned in my nightmares, night terrors, lucid dreams, and sleep paralysis. At a certain point I was like, “Yo, this is ruining my personality.” There was a point where I was having the same nightmare for two months, and it was getting into my head. It was making me talk different, it was making me treat people different, and kind of maneuver different. It was weird to see that because it’s literally a fake thing in your own mind, but it affects you in this insane way. Instead of letting myself suffer in it, I was like, “You know what, I’m going to take this shit and I am going to turn it into art,” and I literally did. I made a whole album out of it and I made a video. I made an experience and exhibit about it. The thing is, my dreams haven’t changed. If anything it made it worse, because I kind of spooked myself. Like I kind of creeped myself out because, after we shot the “Bury A Friend” video, which is very kind of horror movie-esque, I started having these horrible nightmares. I saw [things] outside my window and I couldn’t sleep for days. I may have sabotaged myself but at least I made a fucking work of art out of it.  PW I understand the poetry and thinking that it could have been some kind of selfsabotage but what if, because you had these dreams first, what if you’re just simply clairvoyant and you just kept seeing what your first videos were going to look like? Do you believe in the possibility of clairvoyance?  BE Yo, yo, you are genius. Because it’s actually been like that. I was in London like a couple of months ago and I had this dream. I woke up from it and we were with a couple of people from my creative team, and I was like, “I dreamt the video for ‘Ilomilo’ last night.” I wrote it all down, and I explained it all, and I made a whole mood-board and we are going to create that video soon. So literally, what you just said is completely accurate and it’s fucking crazy.  PW So now it seems you have nothing to be afraid of…well, I know you are not afraid of it right? Because there’s nowhere you can run anyway...But maybe it’s not such a bad thing, you know? Maybe it would be a little scary if you didn’t have these dreams because you wouldn’t be reading the future so accurately. It sounds like a gift to me.  BE I am going to keep thinking of it [that way]. That’d make me feel better.  PW Yes! It is though because you dreamt it and that shit happened. Did you have any training or education in fashion?  BE No! Not even a little bit. I just loved fashion always, growing up. And it wasn’t even fashion like high fashion, I just liked clothes. I just liked dressing and matching and having people look up when I walked by. The thing that’s interesting is, now something I hear from the people I am closest to in my life is, if I go out, I can never go out anywhere without being recognized, which I know that you experience, too.  But it’s like, I do kind of bring it on myself because I have always been a person that wants to dress loud. I always wanted to look loud, I’ve always wanted people to look up at me, I’ve always wanted people to notice me. And that’s been a part of me since before any of the fame shit happened. So that’s something that hasn’t changed, but I think it’s looked at differently, because now it’s like, I’m walking around dressed like I want to be recognized. But it’s not that, I’m just walking around dressed how I always wanted to [be] dressed, how I always wanted to be looked at, but now there’s a name attached to that. You know? So people see it as a name, they don’t see it as looking up and having a feeling when you see something, which is funny. I don’t know, I do it to myself, I really bring it on myself. I just love clothes and I just don’t feel comfortable wearing regular ass shit, I really don’t. My comfort zone is outside of my comfort zone. I like to be a little uncomfortable.  PW Do you see Blōhsh going into beauty? It should...  BE I don’t know, I think I see it going any way that it goes. I don’t see it not going any way that it goes, if that makes sense. Not that I expect it to go anywhere, but just that I don’t have a line that I am not willing to cross in that kind of realm.  PW Good! That’s the answer that is very you... Lastly, I just want to say it has been amazing to see what you’ve done since I last saw you. The whirlwind that is your career, your fans, the music, the visuals, the incredible freedom that you represent. And oh my goodness, the meta-cognition that you have, the self-awareness, it’s so impressive that I pray it just becomes so contagious to this generation. I pray they look at you and go, “Wow! I can be me, just like her.”  BE My God, thank you!  PW No, thank you! And have a blessed day.  See the best behind-the-scenes shots from Sonia Rykiel's 50th anniversary show at PFW. See the best behind-the-scenes shots from Sonia Rykiel's 50th anniversary show at PFW. Photography: Caroline Levy Text: Danielle Combs   The pop culture sensation's new collaboration with Simply Be launches June 20th. The pop culture sensation's new collaboration with Simply Be launches June 20th. Text: MATHIAS ROSENZWEIG 
In our new column, Digital Editor Mathias Rosenzweig writes portraits of individuals who've shifted popular culture as we know it today.  
“Attention seeker.” 
The comment, left on Amber Rose’s recent Instagram post, is both mean-spirited and true. The image in question shows her topless, licking away at a boxing glove, her bare midriff exposed above shorts that read “SLUTWALK”. The commentator, one of tens of thousands, thinks Rose is only half-naked because she wants attention. Rather, Rose is doing this for the women who need it. 
The picture went up to promote the next SlutWalk, Rose’s annual gathering that fights against rape culture. The name originated from a Toronto-based police officer saying that “women should avoid dressing like sluts in order to not be victimized.” Rose, whose unapologetic and sex-positive brand of feminism reads differently than that of other celebrities, couldn’t disagree more. 
“If I called it ‘Feminist Walk’ or ‘Women’s Walk’, it probably wouldn’t have gotten as much press as it did,” Rose tells me over the phone. Her tone is blatantly self-aware. “I do it in a way to piss people off on purpose, because I like to start the conversation. I’m the kind of feminist who likes to cause a lot of controversies, and I do it to prove a point. If I see a picture on the Internet of a guy with a bunch of girls around him, you know, all in thongs, I would most definitely want to do the same exact picture but have me surrounded by hot guys. Just to show the difference in the comments I get versus his comments.” 
To Rose, the negative comments or sexualized headlines (Amber Rose’s ‘Soccer Mom’ Booty Issa Entree, Not a Snack, for example) are a part of the game. About the reception of her SlutWalk, she says, “Initially, we got a lot of backlash from negative people, but I decided to not shut up about it. I decided to get in those people’s faces and make it understood that we’re protesting against rape culture.” At this point, the cynicism surrounding Rose is a part of her process; the punctuation to a type of pop-culture performance art she’s mastered. It does attract attention to her—she’s a celebrity and that’s her job—but it also gets eyeballs on the causes for which she’s fighting. 
“When I deal with the scrutiny, the aftermath of it, I kind of laugh. Because that’s my whole point,” Rose says. “When I did a picture with my pubic hair out on the stairs, I knew what people were going to say. They would say, ‘She’s disgusting.’ The thing is, it shouldn’t be that way. You don’t see my vagina at all. My breasts are not out, at all. All you saw was pubic hair in a place where you were uncomfortable seeing it.” Here, she lays out the first step of her performance: stirring the pot and eliciting attention. Next, she explains why: “It’s taboo for women to have public hair, so I wanted to talk about that. We have to sit and shave and wax and do all of this shit just for men, or for a society that tells us we’re unkempt or unclean if we have something that’s natural for our bodies. It’s not the healthiest thing to wax and shave down there for women. It causes a lot of problems for us.” Other women started posting similar pictures as the #AmberRoseChallenge. Piers Morgan tweeted, “Put it away, luv.” The Internet buzzed. Performance complete. 
But Rose’s feminism and community organization go beyond posting pictures of herself. “I speak at colleges about consent. A lot of these women have been raped, or they feel like they’ve been raped but they don’t know if they’ve been raped, if you know what I’m saying,” she explains. “Sometimes people think rape is getting beaten up and thrown on the bed, being knocked down. I mean, there are so many different ways to rape a woman. I want to bring awareness to that.” Rose repeats the word “rape” several times during the interview, and I realize it still takes some getting used to—we often hear “abuse” or “harassment” instead, making the word “rape” feel particularly heavy. But it is heavy, and like her use of the word, it’s everywhere. 
Just as ubiquitous as the SlutWalk is the #MeToo movement. The discussion about how women are treated has reached a visibility and frequency it hadn’t before. As with anything Amber Rose-related, the media has taken the opportunity to scrutinize her words, even going so far as to suggest she’s against the movement simply for critiquing aspects of it. 
“Every women—rich, poor, black, white—everyone deserves justice. Any feminist movement is a step moving forward for us,” she clarifies. “I look at the Internet and they say I discredit the #MeToo movement. I don’t. My whole thing is that when you have a conversation about these things, you can’t frown upon certain women. Do you understand? The sex workers, the strippers… when it comes to my SlutWalk, we don’t leave anyone out. But in reality, those women are often left out.” For Rose, who had her first foray with stripping at the age of 15, excluding any woman for her profession is a personal offense. 
Recently, that idea of inclusion has led to Rose’s new collaboration with Simply Be, an online plus-size retailer. “I’ve experienced being rich and being poor and being plus-sized and being skinny. I wanted to make sure there were no girls left out of this," she said about the project. "That was really important to me.” For her, sizing became more difficult after giving birth. “After I had my son, I was plus size. I had never been that size before; I’d always been athletic and slim,” she says, adding that it was a difficult time in her life, particularly for someone who makes a living out of looking a certain way. 
But ultimately, Rose is more than a model or an activist. She’s gone from stripper to music video vixen to “girlfriend of” to pop-culture fixture within a matter of years. People click for her; over 17 million Instagram followers and a daily influx of tabloid headlines can’t lie—well, some of the headlines lie. But while plenty of celebrities use their platforms for good causes, few are willing to throw themselves to the wolves as Rose does. Marcel Duchamp pushed forward the concept that art is completed by the viewer. In one extreme example, Marina Abromović placed 72 items on a table—honey, scissors, perfume, nails, a gun loaded with a single bullet, etc.—allowing the audience to use the objects on her as they pleased. The experiment left her stripped naked, violated, and with razor marks on her throat. Rose’s career has become, in effect, something rather similar—semi-naked, she hands the world a gun with ammunition, knowing we’ll shoot.  She's already the world's hottest pop star of the year. Now she's a model, too. She's already the world's hottest pop star of the year. Now she's a model, too. Text: Teddy Willson 
Considering she's never done it before, Billie Eilish sure does make a good model. The 17 year-old pop icon is the face of MCM’s FW19 campaign. 
The brand, which came under the creative direction of Dirk Schönberger last year, is committed to presenting a message of individuality through a multitude of different personalities. Eilish is heralded as a universal nonconformist. Beauty and fashion standards, musical expectations, refined cordiality—it’s all out the window. And that’s just how Gen Z likes it. 
The next generation is ushering in a wave of unmatched acceptance. It’s an anti-boundary, anti-extremism kind of world, and MCM is here to cater to it. 
The German label’s latest campaign sees Eilish joined by the rapper-producer Childish Major, both wearing some of the same, genderless garments. Despite the neutrality of the clothing, the line is anything but standardized. Varied styling creates a range of personalities: shy or self-assured, urban or emo, old school or next-gen. 
Oversized parkas and sporty jumpsuits signal MCM’s commitment to keeping with the times. The real highlight of the collection, though, is the color-coordinated crossbody bags and headwear combination. Billie pairs a tan crossbody and a bucket hat, while a hot pink beanie and fanny pack make separate appearances in the campaign. 
The campaign’s irreverent attitude carries through the clothes and into the actual production, as well. Rising photographer Lea Colombo shot the line on film, hoping to preserve the authentic texture of the garments, rather than in a digital format. 
As for the entire message of the brand, Eilish says that she, too, tries to defy standards. “I like to glorify things that make people uncomfortable,” the singer said in a release. “We’re so used to one way of living that we think other peoples’ lifestyles are wrong—sometimes automatically, without even thinking. I want to mess with what people are used to.” 
Take a look at the campaign below.   The social media sensation is transforming into a budding actress with her role in 'Assassination Nation'. The social media sensation is transforming into a budding actress with her role in 'Assassination Nation'. Photography: Sharif Hamza Styling: Andrew Mukamal Text: Greg Krelenstein  A version of this spread appears in the pages of V113, The Music Issue, on newsstands now. Order your copy of the issue today at shop.vmagazine.com.   “It’s the first script I’ve read that nails being a young American girl in the social-media era,” says Hari Nef in high praise of Assassination Nation, the film she stars in alongside the likes of Bill Skarsgård, Odessa Young, and Suki Waterhouse. “I think contemporary American youth culture is based on a mix of optimism and nihilism,” Nef continues, speaking to the zeitgeist that the film so adeptly encapsulates. “Pretty much [every one] of my friends believes that she can change the world for the better—yet she’ll party every night like there’s literally no tomorrow. I think Assassination Nation captures my generation’s dissatisfaction with the present and its yearning for a more equitable future.” As someone who herself has a major presence on Instagram, Nef considers the film’s treatment of social media and the role it plays in young people’s lives thoughtful and interesting. “The film satirizes and interrogates the ‘social’ aspect of social media, which can enrich or ruin lives,” suggests Nef. “It all depends on how, why, and by whom social media is used. If social media is leveraged for violence and hatred, then let’s interrogate where that violence and hatred comes from."  Schohaja got up close and personal with the iconic roster of models at Versace's SS19 runway show. Schohaja got up close and personal with the iconic roster of models at Versace's SS19 runway show. Photography: Schohaja 
                                             The annual exhibition will challenge the way that we see fashion history The annual exhibition will challenge the way that we see fashion history Text: Paul Madley Taking place the first Monday of every May the Met Gala is the biggest night in Fashion. Designers, models, celebrities, muses, and icons all come together for the annual fundraising event. Andrew Bolton the man behind the Met (Head Curator of the Costume Institute) is responsible for some of the most successful exhibitions in the museum’s history. 2017’s “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination” attracted 1.6 million visitors in just five months. The 2011 Alexander McQueen retrospective, “Savage Beauty” was also hugely popular. Past exhibition themes have included China, Punk and last year’s hit, “Camp: Notes on Fashion.” Camp was inspired by Susan Sontag’s 1964 essay Notes on Camp and for next year’s event, the Met is again looking to the literary world. A”bout Time: Fashion and Duration” is inspired by Virginia Woolf’s time-traveling novel Orlando. The show is about “reimagining of fashion history that’s fragmented, discontinuous, and heterogeneous” said Bolton. Designers will be juxtapositioned against one another challenging the way that we think about fashion history. Showcasing a century-and-a-half of fashion the exhibition will question what’s timeless, what’s new and what can we recreate from the past. “This exhibition will consider the ephemeral nature of fashion, employing flashbacks and fast-forwards to reveal how it can be both linear and cyclical,” commented Max Hollein, director of the Met. Bolton explained that the idea for the exhibition also came from Sally Potter’s 1992 movie adaptation of the book. “There’s a wonderful scene,” he says, “in which Tilda Swinton enters the maze in an 18th-century woman’s robe à la Francaise, and as she runs through it her clothes change to mid-19th-century dress, and she re-emerges in 1850s England. That’s where the original idea came from.” The show will be designed with Virginia Woolf acting as a “ghost narrator,” quotes from her books will appear throughout. “What I like about Woolf’s version of time is the idea of a continuum. There’s no beginning, middle, or end. It’s one big fat middle. I always felt the same about fashion. Fashion is the present.” The exhibition will feature key pieces from, Chanel, Alaïa‎, Galliano, Rei Kawakubo, and McQueen. Bolton is collaborating with artists and stage designer Es Devlin to create the space. “I’ve long admired her work and wanted to collaborate with her. She’s done several of what she calls mirror mazes and she often refers to the complexity of time with her design process.” The 2020 Met Gala will be co-chaired by Nicolas Ghesquière, Emma Stone, Lin-Manuel Miranda, and Meryl Streep. The exhibition About Time: Fashion and Duration will run from May 7 to September 7, 2020. Check out the 1992 trailer for Orlando below.   The designer discusses his debut at the Folies Bergère and a brand new fragrance. The designer discusses his debut at the Folies Bergère and a brand new fragrance. Text: Kristen Bateman   This interview appears n the pages of V114 Fearless Gigi Hadid Issue on newsstands now! Order your copy at shop.vmagazine.com. Jean Paul Gaultier sits in the lobby of New York City’s Mercer Hotel, three small pizzas and an iced tea in front of him, excitedly discussing his upcoming projects. The first is the U.S.exclusive of his new fragrance, dubbed In the Navy, available this August. “It’s fresher,” says Gaultier of his olfactory creation. “It’s lighter, easier for summer time.” The designer considers it an extension of his bestselling scent, Le Male, which, as many pointed out, may have inspired the bottle for Kim Kardashian West’s own KKW Body fragrance released earlier this year. While Gaultier’s Le Male comes in a blue, striped, male-torso-shaped bottle, the latter is an actual mold of Kardashian West’s body. “I couldn’t make my body,” he laughs. “So, I had to make another one!” Over 40 years ago, Jean Paul Gaultier began experiment- ing with some of the same concepts deemed new by today’s generation of designers. Think men in skirts, gender-defying clothing, and models of all shapes, sizes, and races cast from the streets. Plus, dramatic shows that proved to be equal parts showmanship and runway. He first launched his own line in 1976, prior to working under Pierre Cardin (who recently paid homage to Gaultier by attending his Spring2018 couture show). “The truth is,” he muses, “at the beginning, I wanted to do fashion, but through a movie. Not the clothes on a hanger, the clothes that are on a beautiful girl who had a certain way of walking and personality.” After becoming a designer, he distinguished himself by choosing a varied group of mod- els to walk in his shows. “It was real girls I was attracted to,that I was finding in the clubs,” he says. At one of his first shows, the Parisian punk Edwige Belmore sang “My Way” by Sid Vicious and, according to Gaultier, some people were so shocked they left mid-show.     Gaultier cast models based on personal style and makeup, which in turn, inspired his theatrical collections and performances, like Coco Rocha (whom he cites as his forever muse) doing an Irish jig down the runway for Fall 2007, or walking down the catwalk as a surreal mermaid on crutches for Spring2008 couture. Enamored of big ideas and painstaking techniques, Gaultier switched to couture exclusively in 2015. His relationship with Madonna, whom he has dressed for years, is also not without its drama, from the iconic cone bra she wore for her Blonde Ambition tour in 1980, to the gothic ecclesiastical pieces Gaultier designed for her at this year’s Met Gala. “I didn’t go to a school of fashion,” Gaultier says. His other upcoming project, a stage production at Paris’s Folies Bergère called Fashion Freak Show, will follow Gaultier’s life trajectory through the mediums of dancing, singing, and acting—and, of course, fashion. Unsurprisingly, it was another intersection of theatrics and fashion that started Gaultier’s whole journey—Paris Frills, a 1945 lm set in a Parisian couture house, directed by Jacques Becker. “If people say I’m provocative in my career,” Gaultier says, “It’s all relativity. It’s only what I like.”    Make a splash with Louis Vuitton’s New Wave handbag. Make a splash with Louis Vuitton’s New Wave handbag. Photography: Jason Pietra Styling: SAMUEL ANDERSON Make a splash with Louis Vuitton’s New Wave handbag, a collection of colorific leather bags that take visual cues from the excesses of the ’80s club scene. Named for the musical genre that peaked in the go-go decade (think the Psychedelic Furs), the New Wave collection comes in a sidewalk chalk rainbow’s worth of hues, from bubblegum pink to mint green. The lambskin leather bags combine groovy, Art Deco-inspired details like the wave-shaped stitching and statement gold chain with maximal splashes like the strap’s Technicolor “Vuitton” nameplate. In addition to the monochrome bags coming this summer, the house will release a second wave of embellished, patch-laden editions in September—as well as a denim number sure to pair perfectly with those vintage Jordache jeans. The bags arrive in the wake of the ’80s mania that has recently gripped fashion and culture—from the neons and fringe on the Fall/Winter 2018 runways to recent Hollywood remakes like Heathers and Dynasty. But the cheeky collection also winks at the more distant past: the wave motif is a nod to the legacy brand’s first nautical-themed tote—a trunk introduced in the 1800s. LOUIS VUITTON NEW WAVE CHAIN BAG MM ROSE ($2,540, AVAILABLE AT SELECT LOUIS VUITTON STORES)  Kelsey Lu turns heads with her runway walk at No Sesso’s NYFW show. Kelsey Lu turns heads with her runway walk at No Sesso’s NYFW show. Text: Czar Van Gaal New Yorker’s brace yourselves for mid-day traffic, excessive amounts of OOTD’s, and more celeb sightings than usual; Fashion week is in town! Officially! Typically a time where music merges with fashion, NYFW newcomer No Sesso took its own approach. The Los Angeles-based brand known for its kooky gender fluid gear debuted its latest collection with the help of one surprisingly familiar face: A cover star of our latest issue, Kelsey Lu.  V are LIVING for @iamkelseylu's NYFW cameo, opening and closing the @nosessola show!! Serving the strut, the 'tude, the twirl! Brava 👏 📹 @oyinda A post shared by  V Magazine (@vmagazine) on Feb 5, 2019 at 12:00pm PST While one would expect to see singer Kelsey Lu serving looks sitting front row, she is instead strutting on No Sesso’s runway. Kelsey Lu makes it perfectly clear she has a lot more to offer than her unique sound and she won’t be placed in any boxes. Lu has not only made headlines this past year for her music but also for her on and off-stage style. Style icon in the making, Lu makes her first runway appearance while sporting orange hair and an orange No Sesso fur to match. Giving us all life Kelsey Lu closes the No Sesso show with a smile, and most importantly a fierce runway walk. Watch No Sesso's full runway below.  The brand will celebrate its history through a co-ed fashion show in Jacquemus's hometown. The brand will celebrate its history through a co-ed fashion show in Jacquemus's hometown. Text: Julian Wright Simon Porte Jacquemus started his fashion label when he was just 19 years old. Following the sudden death of his mother, the French designer started his namesake brand in homage to her, who remains his central muse to this day. Over its 10 years of existence, the brand has had plenty to celebrate: growth from boutique to fashion week, viral trends, celebrity adornment and some recent new expansions. Just last year, Jacquemus unveiled its entrance into the menswear arena with a Spring/Summer line. The year prior, the brand forayed into handbags and hats to big success.  The JACQUEMUS team last week in Paris. “ 10 years of Love, 10 years of Poetry, 10 years of Independence, 10  years of Family, 10 years of Beliefs, 10 years of Sharing, 10 years of Freedom, 10 years of Smiles, With you, thank you” Simon JACQUEMUS is happy to announce the celebration of the House’s 10-Year anniversary. The Spring-Summer 2020 show will be taking place on Monday, June 24th in Provence, South of France. On this occasion, womenswear and menswear will be walking down the catwalk hand in hand. A post shared by  JACQUEMUS (@jacquemus) on May 20, 2019 at 9:00am PDT Jacquemus plans to hold its 10-year anniversary celebration in Provence, France, where the titular designer grew up. The brand will put on a co-ed fashion show, displaying mens and womenswear side-by-side. It will be a showcase of the its offerings over the last decade and a ceremony for its future. When asked about his feelings approaching this milestone, Jacquemus told WWD, "I started at 19, I’m 29 now. How do I feel? Pretty good. It’s weird. It’s a lot of things. But I think this is going to be a new start for us." With buzz, beauty and new business ventures on its side, Jacquemus will hopefully have many more anniversaries to commemorate.  A remix of the Max Papendieck's "Spring Break" from V118 A remix of the Max Papendieck's "Spring Break" from V118 Text: Mayzie Hopkins In V Magazine's latest issue, Spring Break V118, Analog Collage Artist Maxwell N. Burnstein created looks with big hair and beachy vibes. We take a closer look at the latest V Girl, Barbara Palvin, in her shoot for the print version. “The ocean was used as the common element when using analog collage to interpret Max Papendieck’s photography.  Collages breaks from reality with the distortion of the landscape.” - Maxwell Burnstein  V embarks on a bold new fashion series exploring dynamic cities across America, documented by photographers and models with strong local ties. In the fourth installment from V111, Jac Jagaciak takes us to Chicago. V embarks on a bold new fashion series exploring dynamic cities across America, documented by photographers and models with strong local ties. In the fourth installment from V111, Jac Jagaciak takes us to Chicago. Photography: Ryan Lowry Styling: Stella Evans 
A version of this article appears in the pages of V111, on newsstands now and available to order at vmagazineshop.com.  
"I enjoy Chicago's art scene a lot. It's a city filled with young people. There is this great ambitious, academic kind of atmosphere." - Jac Jagaciak 
  A new object of desire for the lovers of all things monogrammed. A new object of desire for the lovers of all things monogrammed. Text: Valerie Stepanova After lurking on websites like Amazon or Etsy for a while, it has finally made an official arrival: the Louis Vuitton AirPods case, courtesy of the French luxury house itself. Yes, it is monogrammed and comes in an iconic trunk luggage shape. No, it is not just another iteration of LV’s $995 wireless Horizon Monogram earphones. The accessory comes in a square shape with gold-tone hardware throughout, including a chain and clasp closure. Rest assured, it shall be a safe habitat for your AirPods and their original case.    #ELLE時裝週直擊 天啊！這個太中了啦💘到 #LV 巴黎總部挖寶看2020春夏最新系列，抓到這個 #AirPod 耳機套太可愛了～還附鏈帶可以掛！想買想買👉🏻往後滑看影片 #ELLETAIWAN #ELLE時尚圈 #LVSS20 @NicolasGhesquiere #LouisVuitton #pfw #ss20 @louisvuitton @apple A post shared by  Elle Taiwan (@elletaiwan) on Oct 2, 2019 at 4:20am PDT  Louis Vuitton is yet to release details on the product launch date. Howbeit, the new accessory makes for a solid competition to the Dior’s Pre-Fall 2019 AirPods cases released earlier this year.    Alex Trochut is the graphic designer with a Grammy-nominated edge. Alex Trochut is the graphic designer with a Grammy-nominated edge. Text: Staff Alex Trochut has acquired many titles throughout his career: illustrator, graphic designer, Grammy nominee. Yes, you read that right. The artist has created cover art for the likes of Katy Perry and the Rolling Stones, earning a Grammy nomination for Best Recording Package in the process. His unique artwork and beautiful illustrations make him one of our picks for the Class of 2018. Alex was presented as one of the first inductees at our party with Uniqlo to celebrate the Class and the Uniqlo U Spring/Summer 2018 collection. Read on as Alex opens up about success, creativity, and his goals for the future. What's your vision for the industry you work in for 2018? I think colorfonts will be a huge implementation into brands and companies that need to generate content on a fast pace and with unique and differential look. I can see how the use of color into typography will add a new dimension, that if use properly, can be very exciting. What's the best advice you've ever received and why?  “Work hard and be nice to people.” Why? It works better than “be lazy and angry.” What social/political issues or causes resonate with you most, and why?  Is hard to nail it down to just a few. 2017 has been a year to realize some many things about society and panic about the outcomes of the near future. Equality, Climate change and “the dark side of” technology are probably my biggest concerns. What has been the biggest challenge you’ve faced so far? How did you overcome it?  I consider myself a lucky person in the sense that all my challenges I faced so far didn’t involve overcoming any health issue or being born in a country without equal opportunities . So, my biggest accomplishments have to be measured under the frame of been being able to make the best out of the privileges I got by just being a white man from Barcelona. That being said, I’m proud to be able to live in New York and make a living out of my passion. How do you define success for yourself? Is it different than happiness?  This is a deep question… I feel happiness will always be a brief feeling that is not meant to last too long, humans are not designed to “stay happy”, and that’s what fuels us to reach your next goal of happiness. Happiness is the “carrot” that guides our desires to create or change things, but happiness is always moving. Success is the operation of accomplishing your goals and expectations, (while trying to reach happiness.) When and where do you feel most creative? I wish I knew… I would be there all the time! Who is your dream collaborator in any field (music, art, fashion, etc.), and what kind of project would you love to do with this person?  I would love to collaborate with Sufjan Stevens on any form of visuals that could translate his music. Where do you want to be professionally in 5 years?  Not sure, I feel I’m trying the hardest to keep my present as is, I would include kids in the picture though! In 10 years?  I would love put more time in personal work, and create artistic pieces besides my commercial work. What is the most enjoyable part of your job(s)?  When I get to be lost chasing an idea, and eventually stop thinking about it, and then something else happens that is way better that what I was initially planning. I love the excitement of surprise and discovery in the process.  For Spring Summer 2019 Givenchy Couture presented a collection of clothes that are ready for all of tomorrow's parties. For Spring Summer 2019 Givenchy Couture presented a collection of clothes that are ready for all of tomorrow's parties. Text: Paul Madley     
The Givenchy Spring Summer 2019 Couture collection took place January 22, 2019 in the lower galleries of the Musee d’Art Moderne de la Ville in Paris. The set was illuminated by diffuse light creating a three dimensional white cube for framing the collection, entitled ‘Bleached Canvas’. For her third Givenchy Couture collection Creative Director Clare Waight Keller presented a powerful feminine show that played with volume, color, texture, tailoring and lace. The show was a celebration of modern couture and artisan techniques.     
“We are very proud to present both the expertise of our artisans and the modernity that embodies Clare's visions as artistic director of this beautiful brand. For us, it's important to see that the work, the quality and the creativity are well known among our clients” said Philippe Fortunato CEO of Givenchy. 
The opening look was a black jacket with one contrast lapel in white and nipped waist worn over black latex leggings (The fetishistc latex looks were created with latex atelier Atsuko Kudo). 
The show continued with tulle, organza peplums, flowing capes, origami-like petals, and lacquered finishes. Black and white looks varied  along with looks of bright colors, cobalt, vermilion, bright yellow, ultraviolet and red. Keller juxtaposed traditional and contemporary fabrics to create architectural volume and feminine curves. Glistening pearls featured on raw silk jackets while sculpted blazers, were layered over gowns to accentuate waistlines, and sheer fabrics used to create lightness.  
The show featured crystal embroideries with fringes of ribbon in a rainbow of color. Wow pieces were the giant bows/rucksacks (has Keller created the first Couture It bag?) worn with floor sweeping dresses.  
Sexy racer back dressers, pleated skirts, sheer fabrics and flashes of color created a modernity. “I tried to take the most modern approach possible with everything. It’s all about contrasts, about shape, about beauty, about craftsmanship. That's the direction I want to take this house in. Everything I do comes back to that” said Keller. The final look in white and silver was a juxtaposition between toughness and fragility. 
Keller presented a collection that championed artisan techniques and creativity. It was youthful and contemporary but still distinctly Givenchy.       V ventured out onto the sidewalks the Russian capital during the fashion madness to catch a glimpse of the current state of street style. V ventured out onto the sidewalks the Russian capital during the fashion madness to catch a glimpse of the current state of street style. Text: Melodie Jeng   With a killer collaboration and hit single already under her belt, Zuri Marley may be one of the most exciting young musicians to watch in the coming year. V sits down with the rising star to talk music, personal values, and that impossible-to-ignore last name. With a killer collaboration and hit single already under her belt, Zuri Marley may be one of the most exciting young musicians to watch in the coming year. V sits down with the rising star to talk music, personal values, and that impossible-to-ignore last name. Photography: Alex John Beck Styling: Andrew Mukamal Text: Sara Zion There’s no denying that Zuri Marley’s name precedes her. As the daughter of the famed Ziggy Marley and granddaughter of musical legend Bob Marley, it would be futile to try and dance around the fact that she carries a musical legacy with her just by existing. Growing up in Kingston, Jamaica, Zuri became a member of the island’s unofficial royal family the day she was born. However, upon turning 18, she moved out of that comfort zone to study at New York University and chase the ‘American dream.' “I wanted to do music and acting and Broadway, so that’s definitely New York...that’s why I came; I wanted to pursue those things,” she tells me in her hard-to-place accent on set. Though she begins our conversation by telling me she is a “Jamaican girl through and through,” she admits, “a lot of the things I like to engage with weren’t there or were just different. I wanted to come and see all the things I saw on TV shows when I was younger... so I thought, ‘let me just move there and figure it out.’” Now, fresh out of four years spent at the NYU Clive Davis Institute of Recorded Music, Zuri is a young adult navigating her own path, in life and music-making alike. In this industry (far more than any other), there is an incredible amount of pressure on newcomers to find their unique voice – a pressure that applies tenfold for someone with a legacy like Zuri’s. “I’ve never really had to differentiate myself from them because I’m just different," she explains. "I’ve always done my own thing and gone on my own path. What I take from Marley is the core of what my grandfather was saying which is freedom and love; not the Rasta, smoking weed, reggae music. That’s what people might see, but they don’t get the core message.” Her self-released single, “Beg for It”, dropped in 2017 and, while she carries her family heritage with pride, it would be a far stretch to claim that her electro-pop beats and sultry vocals would elicit any comparisons to the reggae music her grandfather made famous in the 1970’s. Having written the song on her own and recorded it in a friend’s bedroom in lieu of a formal studio, Zuri is passionate about being involved in every step of the process. That does not mean, however, that she can always control how a piece will turn out. “I wrote [Beg for It] and then I just was like, this is how it needs to go... I honestly wasn’t even happy with it when we were done,” she adds, “but I tried everything and nothing worked. It was just done. The song wanted to be over. So I was just like, ‘This is all this song can take and this is going to be its form.’ Then one day I just had to put it out.... If it wants to be done, your art will tell you.” At the same time, Zuri is also preparing to release additional songs that she says have been finished for six or seven years but just don’t have the right sound yet. When asked about why she finally let “Beg for It” go public so quickly when so many others were still in progress, she concedes, “I was tired of people not seeing me for what I do...I feel like a lot of people were seeing me for my last name or my Instagram and not seeing me as an artist, which is what I am.” While this may be a common thread among the social media celebrities our culture perpetuates, Zuri insists that she doesn’t live her life for the Instagram likes. “I have a core like a rock. I’m from Jamaica and we don’t fake shit. Inauthenticity? I don’t even see it...everything is so fleeting. The only thing you can stay true to is your values. I don’t give a fuck about anything except being a good person, having good energy and good vibes.” That said, Zuri’s Instagram presence has certainly opened some unexpected doors for her, including an appearance on Dev Hynes’ 2016 track “Love Ya” after they connected on the app. “I then ran into him in a teriyaki chicken shop! I kept seeing him around after that and one day he [invited me to] come record. I was very nervous about my voice and sharing that but Dev made me comfortable.” The song was essentially Zuri’s debut as a musician to the public and grabbed the attention of fans and industry insiders. “Dev Hynes has become the new Bob Marley in my life,” she says with a laugh. “Dev is one of the most talented musicians of all time. His songwriting is sick, the work he’s done on other projects, the relationships he’s built. He’s super inspiring to me.” Zuri plans to release much more music in 2018, but just as she admires how Dev has chosen to surround himself with certain people and cultivate those bonds, Zuri also believes that in order to get some of her other songs to where they need to be, she needs to be surrounded by the people to help her get them there. “[In order to] get to that quality it takes more than one person. Right now I’m gathering those people.” The young artist has reached a point where she is just excited to share herself and her creativity. “I do so many things; I spend a lot of time living and not sharing them. Now I’m in the phase where I’m just like fuck it. You have to get to the point where you’re accepting of what it is. Then you go from there.”  The SS19 campaign brings Paris to life after midnight. The SS19 campaign brings Paris to life after midnight. Text: Emma Li 
French-Armenian luxury eyewear brand Alain Mikli has launched their SS19 Brand Campaign, Après Minuit. 
For this season, Alain Mikli partnered with V contributor Alana O’Herlihy who is known for her self-portraits and intimate photographs of celebrities including Bella and Gigi Hadid. The brand also casted influential London-based blogger-turned-model Doina Ciobanu to star in the campaign, which highlights select styles from the SS19 collections through playful and striking portraits reminiscent of the ‘80s nightlife. 
The campaign brings us to Le Petit Rétro, a longtime staple on the Parisian bistro circuit. The restaurant is rediscovered as a place where Doina and her friends wander to after a party. There, they mingle over cocktails into the early hours, après minuit. 
The collections are now available at Alain Mikli boutiques worldwide as well as fashion boutiques and department stores.   The iconic brand gets nostalgic with their newest campaign for their staple Peekaboo bag. The iconic brand gets nostalgic with their newest campaign for their staple Peekaboo bag. Text: AJ Longabaugh Following the Kardashian-West-Jenner campaign drop, Fendi has shared the next part of the #MeAndMyPeekaboo campaign. Celebrating the 10th anniversary of the iconic FENDI Peekaboo bag, Silvia Venturi Fendi has chosen to explore the emotional and cultural relationship that multiple generations that have engaged and experienced the Peekaboo. Continuing the narrative, FENDI has enlisted the McGregor sisters. Daughters of famed actor Ewan McGregor, Clara is a photographer and actress and younger sister Esther is an aspiring singer currently working on her debut album. Shot in LA, this second part of the #MeAndMyPeekaboo campaign is an intimate look at sisterly love and the iconic bag in all its beachy, youthful glory. Check out the McGregor sisters below and head to FENDI.com to see more of the campaign!  #MeAndMyPeekaboo Chapter II explores the unshakeable bond actress and photographer @claramcgregor and songwriter @esther.mcgregor share as sisters through a series of moving and emotional images shot in Los Angeles. Join the Fendi Family. #MeAndMyPeekaboo #FisForFamily #FℲ5. Discover more exclusive backstage content on @fisforfendi A post shared by  Fendi (@fendi) on Aug 6, 2018 at 9:00am PDT  This collection is undeniably luxurious, with just a hint of Victorian influence. This collection is undeniably luxurious, with just a hint of Victorian influence. Text: Erin McDowell 
Brock Collection Fall 2019 served Charlotte York fantasies. The collection is dripping with decadent feminine details—bows, cinched silhouettes, and even a few Victorian elements such as corset bodices and over-the-top collars. The collection is arguably nostalgic for an era where ladies really did lunch, from the tweed suit sets down to the ruffled floral and satin gowns. For their Fall 2019 show, design duo Kristopher and Laura Brock expanded upon the elements they explored in the Pre-Fall collection—antique floral prints, bustier bodices, and an editorial yet red carpet-ready feel that has Emily Ratajkowski and Elle Fanning constantly coming back for more come awards season. 
Though the show heavily features classically feminine elements, it is undeniably powerful in its styling and execution. With many a matching shoe on the runway, the Brock Collection woman is styled to perfection, enviably luxe, and can easily transition from the board room to the Met Gala. Truly, what more could one ask for from a Fall Ready-to-Wear collection?   Chanel's new J12 campaign revisits moments of its ten muses. Chanel's new J12 campaign revisits moments of its ten muses. Text: Emma Li The Chanel J12 watch established a new icon for the fashion house when it was first launched in 2000. This year’s newest model features a new caliber movement and a subtle redesign that still adheres to the J12’s original identity. In celebration, nine women and one man share their personal experiences and seconds that changed their lives. The campaign features V cover star Lily-Rose Depp along with Keira Knightley, Claudia Schiffer, Liu Wen, Vanessa Paradis, and William Chan as they serve as muses in montage videos. Through these interviews, Chanel emphasizes the importance of seconds to people across different backgrounds, cultures, as well as ages, and views the role of seconds as milestones that comprise the important moments of an individual’s life. The Chanel J12 watch is meant to accompany people as they progress through these milestones.  McCartney took sustainability a few steps further with the climate activists taking the stage in her brand's FW19 campaign. McCartney took sustainability a few steps further with the climate activists taking the stage in her brand's FW19 campaign. Text: Isabelle Zola 
When it comes to sustainability in fashion, Stella McCartney has always led the pack, whether in relation to her efforts in maintaining sustainability through the collections, collaborations and projects she participates in. Her own brand has normalized the integration of eco-friendly practices, continuing this movement in the Stella McCartney FW19 campaign. Her sustainability efforts do not end in her sustainable design, but she selects individuals who hold the same values to represent her brand. 
For her FW19 campaign, she decided on models and climate activists Amber Valetta, Deya Ward, Ruby Munslow and Tori Tsui, who she references as "voices for change in their own field." Tori Tsui is a member of the activist group, Extinction Rebellion, which organizes against the effects climate change will have on the human population. Model Ruby Munslow, in an interview during the campaign production, nodded to McCartney, saying "she's given us a voice today," as reported by The Cut. The campaign images exhibit the FW19 collection, which used recycled fabrics, faux leather, biodegradable acetate and organic cotton for production. 
Along with the campaign, McCartney will be releasing a narrated film by Jane Goodall, including a poem by Jonathan Safran Foer, in September. Stella McCartney's eco-conscious and sustainability efforts are integrated throughout all aspects of her brand, remaining a shining example for the fashion industry. 
Take a look at the Stella McCartney FW19 campaign images below.  Owens unsurprisingly surprised the audience with elaborate prosthetics and sultry clothing. Owens unsurprisingly surprised the audience with elaborate prosthetics and sultry clothing. Photography: Schohaja Text: Julian Wright 
Rick Owens is known for being a maestro of spectacle, orchestrating head-turning moments in almost every show he runs (i.e. models wearing models in his Spring/Summer 2016 collection). This time around, Owens did not disappoint. Partnering with Instagram artist Salvia (@salvjiia) for makeup, Owens paraded 44 models, some as alien-like apparitions, in sexy, spacey couture down the runway. Sleaze was front and center: exposed midriffs, shining thighs and snap-clasped crotches turned on the sex appeal. The show wasn’t solely unrefined raunch; it was also a space to relish drama and glamor. Shoulders were built out like monuments, sometimes as jutting, off-the-shoulder tufts of fabric and other times like the swooping projections of a winged angel. Owens incorporated the fabric of the coypu, a semiaquatic rodent with a metallic sheen coat, into many of the outerwear garments, giving them an unfamiliar, yet alluring brilliance. The most striking fashions of the night were the prosthetics on the models’ faces, blacking out their eyes and creating unnatural protuberances along their bone structure. Aliens are often portrayed as objects of drama, oddity and sexual exoticism, all elements Owens chose to exhibit in his collection. 
Rick Owens took us to a new planet with extraterrestrial figures and outfits to match. If you’re looking for something “out of this world”, this might be where you want to start.   A muse and close comrade of the late Yves Saint Laurent, Catroux is photographed for the Fall Winter 2018 campaign. A muse and close comrade of the late Yves Saint Laurent, Catroux is photographed for the Fall Winter 2018 campaign. Text: Gillian Rivera 
Following the FW18 presentation last week at Paris Fashion Week, Saint Laurent has revealed their latest campaign, with longtime muse Betty Catroux fronting the ads. Catroux first worked with Yves Saint Laurent back in 1967, and from there was a consistent inspiration for the designer until his death in 2008. The model, alongside similar influences such as Catherine Deneuve, Loulou de la Falaise, and Bianca Jagger, were instrumental in the success of YSL's Le Smoking jacket. With Anthony Vaccerello's reimagining of the infamous outwear for the most recent collection, there could be no one better to face the campaign. 
The campaign, shot by David Sims, is a first for Catroux, as she has yet to star in any Saint Laurent ads. Catroux is the embodiment of cool, donning a black leather jacket and tinted shades, as well as a glimmering blazer and studded leather jacket. Click through to see the latest campaign below.   With fashion being, by definition, in a constant state of upheaval, spotting notable up-and-comers can be a tough job. But among the most promising young brands to become a fixture among the party set is Grey State Apparel. With fashion being, by definition, in a constant state of upheaval, spotting notable up-and-comers can be a tough job. But among the most promising young brands to become a fixture among the party set is Grey State Apparel. Text: Thomas Herd With fashion being, by definition, in a constant state of upheaval, spotting notable up-and-comers can be a tough job. But among the most promising young brands to become a fixture among the party set is Grey State Apparel. The brand kicked off festival season with a strong presence at Coachella, where it was showcased by festival-goers and it-girls such as Rose Bertram, Solveig Hansen, Linda Rosenberg and Noel Capri Berry as their weekend attire of choice. The buzz, however, did not die at Coachella. Grey State’s momentum has carried over into summer, where the brand’s breezy aesthetic makes for aspirational travel and resort wear. And for the visually-inclined, the brand’s online journal even features a guide for how to dress depending on the occasion, underscoring the versatility of the brand. Check out Grey State Apparel to learn about the emerging brand.  Sies Marjan's Sander Lak and Barneys New York join forces to help revamp children’s hospitals. Sies Marjan's Sander Lak and Barneys New York join forces to help revamp children’s hospitals. Text: Czar Van Gaal 
On Wednesday, Barneys New York, V sat down with Sies Marjan designer Sander Lak designer at a private sale benefiting the non-profit RXART, which serves to transform pediatric hospitals into lively artistic environments. Lak was a natural choice to headline the event; not only known for lighting up the runway with kaleidoscopic textures and tailoring, he is also a big fan of the storied department store. 
“We love Barneys!” he says. “They were the first one to pick us up when we started, and we have a very special relationship with them. We worked with RXART from the beginning of our existence as well. So, it’s a nice coming together of three great forces.” 
Lak emphasizes fashion’s ability to give back—not only monetarily, but also as a means of escape from harsh realities. “I think every industry should be able to [give back], whatever that means to them, he says of our collective responsibilities. “I think that’s what great about an event like this—partnering up with several people [to] really make a bigger difference”. 
Of his symbiotic relationship with the store, Lak says Sies Marjan plans to expand its presence at Barneys by adding new product categories with each collection, and to continue his philanthropic partnerships. So with each new holographic loafer, that's one small step for Sies, one leap for mankind.  I fell into a youtube k-hole watching Camila Coelho with a bag full of makeup beside me. A new lipstick is far less severe than giving yourself bangs at midnight. I fell into a youtube k-hole watching Camila Coelho with a bag full of makeup beside me. A new lipstick is far less severe than giving yourself bangs at midnight. Text: Stella Pak At times, the looks that inspire us are editorial and hard to pull off but there are other times when you’re looking to re-learn beauty tricks to update tried and true looks. Cut to 2 hours of obsessively watching Camila Coelho, a Brazilian beauty living in Boston. Her tutorials are approachable, direct and translate to real life beauty looks. Meaning, you won’t walk out of your apartment looking like a hologram filter. It’s no wonder Lancôme chose to collaborate with Camila on 10 shades of L’Absolu Rouge. I sat down with Camila to chat about her beginnings, what it was like to collaborate with Lancôme and why she decided to have 2 youtube accounts. You started as a makeup artist yourself and evolved into a style and travel influencer, coming from the Youtube vlogger generation. Now you’re working with Lancôme and Lisa Eldridge. It’s insane. Like you said, I started on youtube and back then this was 8 years ago when I created my channel. I didn’t expect anything from it. I didn’t know it could be my job one day. No idea. It was very new. The reason I decided to do Youtube was because I was a makeup artist and I wanted to share tips and tricks with people. My goal was to teach women how to do their makeup themselves and become independent in that way. Makeup has the power to change you and empower you and really help your self-esteem. That is something I learned throughout my makeup artist years and working at stores. That was my only goal. To make women smile and show that it’s possible. You can do a cat eye, you can do smoky eye and rock a red lip. Every little accomplishment that has happened over the years since the beginning has become a big accomplishment. When you don’t have high expectations, you feel even more grateful. So it started as a passion project. Yes, but it did become my job and today, doing this collection with Lancôme is literally a dream come true. I can’t believe. You still have to pinch me. It is here. The lipsticks are here! To be able to do it with such an iconic brand… you look at it and I desire everything in it. I grew up seeing my mom use Lancôme. Which is why it’s been part of my story for so long. We’ve been working together for 3 ½ years. What was it like working on the formulas? Key textures you feel women need these days? There were so many colors that I wanted to do. But with 10 colors, I wanted colors every skin tone could wear. My followers are so diverse and are from everywhere around the world. I just wanted them to have their perfect nude, their perfect everyday color, and their perfect bold color. Some colors are inspired from Rio and Paris but my goal was to create colors that would work for everyone. We had people come in today with different skin colors from the lightest to the darkest and it makes me smile seeing the colors work on each skin tone. But cooking the colors was the first step in the lab. Cooking? I love the way you’re calling it. Because that’s what you’re really doing. Cooking them. We put the color in the pot, we let it freeze, you take it out. It’s like we’re baking cookies. And I did it with Lisa (Eldridge) who was so fun and she made me feel so much more comfortable and confident. She’s an expert. We really bonded that day. I left that day feeling, “I’m going to make an amazing collection!” I love the bijoux lip bullet. It’s not something we’ve seen in the market. It’s something that’s really me as well. I got to play with names. The bullets I wanted it red. I wanted something photogenic. The traditional black is beautiful but I wanted something different so it’ll look beautiful and different on your vanity. Tell us about the shade names. The names, I wanted to bring out my lifestyle and places that I love. I travel so much and people love to travel. My background is Brazil. It’s fun to have lifestyle names to lipsticks. Like Coral De Janiero for Rio de Janeiro, Ipanema Sunrise, and Parisian Nude. (Parisian Nude) That’s a classy nude. Super classy. That’s why it’s called Parisian Nude. For me, Parisians are effortless, chic, sophisticated. This is my favorite color for a smoky eye when you’re bolder on the eyes. It will be perfect for light to medium skin tones. And THIS nude will work for darker skin tones. Carioca summer. And then we have the bold colors. The pink. A mascara with glowy skin and a little black dress. You’re rocking it. That’s the most outgoing color. (Tropical Pink) The Latinas love it. The girls who are more outgoing. I love this coral. Coral de Janeiro. This will look amazing on blondes. Tan or not. The one I have is called Last Minute. It’s an everyday nude. It has a little bit of color. Like a coral undertone. I love all of them. Copacabana is the matte finish red which has more of a pink undertone. Which is super beautiful and sophisticated. This will go with any skin tone. Rouge empire. It’s the chic sophisticated I always say that but it’s the red with a little bit of sheen. It’s THE red. Reds are so tricky. There can be blue undertones, pink and orange undertones. How would you recommend what undertone goes well with what complexion. You really need to try it. There is a little formula but I’m not a fan of rules. Sometimes it doesn’t work. Sometimes rules are meant to be broken. I can’t wait to try that one. Tropical Pink! That’s the first photo that I put up. I noticed when I was watching your youtube that you have 2 accounts. One in English and Portuguese. Did you start with the Portugese? How did it evolve? When I started the channel, my first 2 videos were in English and I shared on my personal social media back then. It was facebook, twitter, I don’t remember all of them. Friends from school, here in the US and friends I had in Brazil. I shared that first video and I got such a big engagement. And it was new. In Brazil, and in the US. In Brazil, people were naturally more engaged with social media. They are passionate. And they say, “Oh this is so cool. I’ve never seen a tutorial line before. And I found that in Brazil, it was something nobody was doing. There were a few girls, but in the US, there were more. So I thought, “Oh, maybe I should help out the Brazilian girls.” And I did it in Portuguese. I did my Portuguese channel for a year and a half and after that, I had a decision to create a whole new channel because some people would ask, “Why don’t you do subtitles?” But it feels very distant and I want people to feel like I’m talking to them. Yes, it’s a lot of work, but I decided to do a whole new channel. There were a lot of people on my Portuguese channel who didn’t speak Portuguese. They were just following my channel and would message me, can you add subtitles or can you speak in English? So then I said, I live in the US, everyone can understand English, so I created a new channel and it was the best thing I did. When did you come to the US and how do you still connect with Brazil? When I was 14. So I did high school and I lived in the US. I lived in the US more than I lived in Brazil now. I go back all the time. I try to speak Portuguese with my family. Even with my husband, when we’re talking, it’s half Portuguese, half English. I love doing that. That’s also why I put a little bit of Brazil. Although it’s only available (Lancôme L’Absolu Rouge x Camila Coelho) in the US, I want them to feel a part of it. I feel so grateful to all of my followers. Not just my Brazilian followers.  The New York synth-pop singer is breaking out with a lot of music under his belt. The New York synth-pop singer is breaking out with a lot of music under his belt. Text: Staff Aaron Maine, better known as synth-pop musician Porches, has been bubbling on the critics' radars for years now with two powerful and critically acclaimed albums under his belt. And having just released his third studio album The House last week, his star is about to blow up just that much more, making him a prime pick for our Class of 2018. The singer was presented as one of the first inductees of the Class last night, at our bash in partnership with Uniqlo U to celebrate the new Spring/Summer 2018 collection. For the occasion, the singer answered our questions about success, challenges, the industry, and more. What's your vision for the industry you work in for 2018?  More energy, more wild recordings, more poetry, more face tattoos, more doing it yourself. What's the best advice you've ever received and why?  Keep writing. What has been the biggest challenge you’ve faced so far? How did you overcome it?  I’m fortunate — I haven’t been dealt many challenges comparatively.  I’ve made sacrifices in many different areas of my life to afford the time to focus on my art. How did you get your start? Playing trumpet, then bass guitar, then Fruity Loops which I downloaded off Napster. Then in high school, when I got a laptop I got Garage Band and that’s when I started writing and recording my own songs. How do you define success for yourself? Is it different than happiness?  Success is first making something that I believe is good, that often translates to something that resembles happiness.  If it is received well that feels good too. Though I think real happiness has more to do with being in good standing with myself and those around me. When and where do you feel most creative? In my room at my desk. Or having a coffee, or lying in my girlfriend's bed. Who is your dream collaborator, in any field (music, art, fashion, etc.) and what kind of project would you love to do with this person?  I want to make a song with Rihanna. I want to make paintings with Torey Thornton. I want to choreograph a dance with Okay Kaya. Where do you want to be professionally in 5 years? In 10 years?  Living in another country with my wife. Waking up at 5am to write. What is the most enjoyable part of your job(s)?  Making these things that no one can take away from me. A big pile of precious things.  The superstar's latest Instagram picture is raising a lot of suspicion. The superstar's latest Instagram picture is raising a lot of suspicion. Text: Jake Viswanath There are many words that can be used to describe Rihanna: singer, actress, creative director (of Puma), humanitarian (as named by Harvard), and sock aficionado among them. Now, she just may be about to add lingerie designer to the list. The artist first started speculation about an upcoming line by posting a cryptic teaser on her Instagram showing two televisions stacked on top of each other, the bottom TV blurred out with static, and the top TV showing what looks to be part of a peach-colored bra. WWD previously reported in March that RiRi inked a deal with TechStyle to create a lingerie line, and this promo image seems to be the first development of that collaboration. Adding fuel to the fire, Rihanna posted a selfie on her Instagram Story hours later, showing her in a lacy peach bra that looks awfully similar to the one in the teaser. But with RiRi, you never know. Many are speculating that she could be releasing new music soon, with a potential new video. The caption "Didn't they tell u?", famous words from her hit "Needed Me" that we all know how to complete, very well hints at that possibility. But her most recent teaser, posted today, somewhat derails that. A new clip shows a veiled Rihanna posing in the same lingerie, shown through an "X" filter. While that X has been speculated to hint at a new album, X is the Roman numeral for 10, and her next studio album following Anti will be her ninth. All signs point to Rihanna slipping under the covers and giving everyone a lingerie line to die for, but we're still left waiting for an answer. Check out the new teasers below and decide for yourself.  didn’t they tell u? A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Apr 17, 2018 at 10:00am PDT X. pic.twitter.com/0XOKQLQnQx  Don't fit in. Light on storage but big on attitude, micro-bags took up space this season. Don't fit in. Light on storage but big on attitude, micro-bags took up space this season. Photography: Jason Pietra 
As the Discovery Issue, V117 features our cast of the latest and greatest ahead, as nominated by the cultural forces of now. This feature appears in the pages of V117, our Spring Preview 2019 issue, on newsstands today!  Nicola Formichetti's streetwear brand has just gotten more athletic. Nicola Formichetti's streetwear brand has just gotten more athletic. Text: Jake Viswanath 
It’s obvious to anyone who has even remotely paid attention to fashion in recent years that mainstream athletic brands like Champion have experienced a renaissance of sorts. So is it any surprise that the newer game-changing brands also want to be apart of the revival? 
Following the success of their first collaboration with Champion, Nicopanda has teamed up with the sportswear choice of our youth (and today) for a new capsule collection. The four-piece range consists of classic black tees and hoodies and takes advantage of logomania from all angles, with neon Nicopanda branding at the forefront and the Champion “C” on the sleeve.  
The new line of clothing is the latest in a string of collaborations for Nicopanda, Nicola Formichetti’s rapidly rising streetwear brand. Most recently, they released an exclusive collection with department store giant Macy’s and their first beauty endeavor with MAC Cosmetics—and threw a dazzling ball to celebrate.  
The collection is available now on nicopanda.com, and given how fast it sold last time around, you may want to act fast.    For a new outlook on maintaining your winter style, peep this selection of sleek yet durable sunglasses. For a new outlook on maintaining your winter style, peep this selection of sleek yet durable sunglasses. Text: Czar Van Gaal They say you the true test of someone's style is how they dress for the cold, but finding the right sunglasses for winter weather is often lost in the transition from summer sun to snowy glare. Whether you're shredding it in the alps or braving Snowpocalypse in the city, V has got you covered with a selection of ice-cool shades. Take a look. Kaleos Eyehunters and Blanca Miró for VASQUIAT Kaleos's limited edition Edwards, seen here on luxury fashion Vasquiat’s cofounder and fashion director Blanca Miró feature ultra-light 3D glass with titanium arms and comes in four colors. Oliver Peoples Oliver Peoples's new Saurine style has arrives just in time to serve some winter shade. The glasses feature voluminous acetate to showcase a new palette of colored translucent lenses. The minimal monochromatic jewel-tones are the perfect finisher for an everyday winter look. Alain Mikli Alain Mikli Edwidge frames are for those who want to "shine bright like a diamond" (case in point: Rihanna). The crystal-studded square-frame acetate sunglasses are the love-child of Alain Mikli and couturier Alexandre Vauthier—the perfect accessory to elevate your bulky winter coat, no matter the altitude. Mykita For the futuristic Echo sunglasses, Berlin-based Mykita collaborated with Parisian visionaries Maison Margiela. Merging the classic feminine cat-eye shape with a visor-like uni-frame, this unique hybrid will shade you from the most brutal temperatures.  With many bright Hollywood stars in the room, the new shades were out and center of attention. With many bright Hollywood stars in the room, the new shades were out and center of attention. Text: Julian Wright 
Oliver Peoples recently unveiled its newest line of glasses, in collaboration with Cary Grant’s estate. This release marked the first time that Grant’s likeness had been offered in partnership with a brand, an exciting prospect for both parties involved. Inspired by the shades donned by Grant in “North by Northwest”, the glasses were launched in style, with a star-studded, intimate dinner in Los Angeles. Hosted at the Tower Bar in West Hollywood, Rocco Basilico and Giampiero Tagliaferri, Oliver People’s CEO and Chief Creative & Marketing Director, ushered in a three-course, seated dinner with many famous friends of the brand, like Mahershala Ali, Abigail Spencer, Ethan Beck and Lucky Blue Smith. Jennifer and Barbara Grant Jaynes, direct relatives of Cary, were the two guests of honors for the night. Equipped with a backdrop reminiscent of the train car in “North by Northwest” and live music from DJ Myles Hendrick, all attendees had a great time celebrating the new glasses.   Demi Moore on getting the V treatment. Demi Moore on getting the V treatment. Photography: Mario Testino Styling: Rachel Zoe V Magazine 121 is on newsstands now. To order a copy click here, and sign up for our newsletter for exclusive stories from the new issue. To illustrate our V family values, we revisit some of our most scrapbook-worthy clips. Ahead, actress and icon Demi Moore reminisces on her cover shoot for V51.   DEMI MOORE: “[V Magazine] supports artistry and celebrates creativity in its truest form. This shoot was an opportunity to play in an environment free from the types of restrictions that many publications have to adhere to. Being surrounded by an incredibly talented team, from the photographer, to the stylist, to hair and makeup, with complete creative freedom, was a unique experience and an absolute treat!”   See Cardi strike a pose for Reebok’s “Meet You There” Collection. See Cardi strike a pose for Reebok’s “Meet You There” Collection. Text: Czar Van Gaal Cardi B has had quite the trajectory over the past two years, and I think it’s safe to say she won’t be slowing down anytime soon. From her fairly-tale-esque ascendance out of New York’s pole dancing scene to debuting with a triple-platinum Grammy award winning album; Cardi’s success knows no boundaries. And that’s a theory she is willing to put to the test. As of late the Bronx-born rapper has been adding new titles to her resume; actress, political commentator, and now Reebok brand ambassador. Marking the launch of Cardi’s newest venture, renowned sportswear brand Reebok has just released their latest campaign starring the rapper. Fronting the “Meet You There” campaign Cardi serves as more than just a pretty face but also the embodiment of the campaign. Taking a brief departure from her larger-than-life-personality, the rapper gets personal sharing the key to authenticity and owning your quirks. But it wouldn’t be Cardi B without that one-of-a-kind Bronx flair that we all have grown to love. Seen sporting a look from the collection, Cardi gives us Cardi-from-the-block realness while crediting her home-borough as her style inspiration. The campaign’s ideologies are echoed by the rapper’s unapologetic sense of self; furthermore making it a match made in heaven.   The collection will feature bold graphics and bright colors that allow wearers to express their personal style and creativity. See the “Meet You There” campaign below.   Linda Evangelista bundles up in Balenciaga, while Christy Turlington lounges casually in a fluo Prada number. Linda Evangelista bundles up in Balenciaga, while Christy Turlington lounges casually in a fluo Prada number. Styling: Britt Berger Text: Brandon Tan 
Stylist and artist, Brittany Berger of @paperinpaperlife gives new life to fashion by way of well, paper. Collaging top model icons and V Magazine alumni,  Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford and Kate Moss among others, into the best looks of Fall Winter collections, Berger procures delightful scenes of fanciful fashions. This season, V serve up Prada's hot heels, Gucci's good and gaudy, Calvin Klein's best western, Marc Jacobs razzle-dazzle, Balenciaga extravaganza and Comme des Garçons' je-ne-sais-quoi in the below series of collages à la mode.    Ahead of Louis Vuitton’s Fall 2019 show we take a look back at the French fashion house's most iconic runways. Ahead of Louis Vuitton’s Fall 2019 show we take a look back at the French fashion house's most iconic runways. Text: Paul Madley Runway sets are just as noteworthy as the collections themselves. They reflect and reinforce the designer's inspiration, viewpoint, and their voice. A killer runway can no doubt elevate a great collection. They are often the best mode of storytelling; they create a dialogue, a direction and a language for the collection. Each one sets the tone for the season, and they’re an instant way to express a mood, a vibe, or emotion.  Over the years, Louis Vuitton has presented some of the most extraordinary runways of all time. Here, V are taking a look back at some of their most iconic shows. Starting with Marc Jacobs Spring 2008, Jacobs' tenure at Vuitton saw collaborations with artist Yayoi Kusama, Stephen Sprouse, and Takashi Murakami. Jacobs took the luxury leather goods company and turned it into a global fashion phenomenon. During his time at Vuitton, Jacobs orchestrated some of the most jaw-dropping sets to showcase his collections.  Spring 2008 A starlit nightscape provided the backdrop for the Spring 2008 runway. Models Stephanie Seymour, Eva Herzigová and Naomi Campbell walked the runway dressed as Vuitton Nurses.  Fall 2016 For Fall 2016, Nicolas Ghesquière collaborated with artist Justin Morin to create mirrored mosaic pillars. The runway was zoned into three sections: a cube, a dome, and a pyramid. Spring 2012 The set for the Spring 2012 show was a life size carousel, Vuitton style. With a set that was all white, the symbolic purity of the color complimented the extravagance of the design. Spring 2013 For Spring 2013, Jacobs presented a retro set with oversized yellow check squares forming the runway, complete with coordinating escalators. The check pattern was echoed in the fabrics used for the show. Spring 2019 Menswear Virgil Abloh's debut Spring 2019 collection was a rainbow of color and a celebration of talent, heritage, and great clothes. Set outdoors, a gradient of rainbow hues were used for the runway.  Fall 2012 To coincide with a touring Vuitton exhibition, a special runway was held in Shanghai. The theme was travel, which was reflected with the set. A Louis Vuitton steam locomotive and a gigantic train station style clock set the scene. Looks were completed with bellboys carrying the models' Vuitton luggage. Fall 2011 For Fall 2011, Jacobs presented a luxury row of functional elevators, each one accompanied by a doorman. The set was reminiscent of a grand hotel, with the perimeter of the runway lined with maids. Fall 2013 Jacobs created a sense of mystery for Fall 2013 as models entered through a corridor of hotel doors. With the suggestion of intrigue and secret liaisons, the vibe was very Film Noir. Fall 2018 Menswear Kim Jones' final Vuitton show in 2018 wasn’t so much a spectacular set as it was an iconic runway moment. The show featured surprise appearances by Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell. Both models walked hand in hand with Jones as he took his final walk for Vuitton. Spring 2019 Nicolas Ghesquière's Spring 2019 show was held at the Louvre. The famous pyramid provided the backdrop before models walked through a tunnel of strobe lights that framed a mirrored runway. Fall 2019 Menswear For the men’s show, Virgil Abloh took inspiration from New York City’s Lower East Side circa 1980. The set of the fashion show was an urban-cityscape complete with fire hydrants, barber shop, traffic lights, and road signs. Naomi Campbell stole the show, serving retro glamour while she posed with the movie-like set. Spring 2014 Marc Jacobs' final Louis Vuitton runway incorporated everything from past shows. Elevators, carousel, train station clocks, escalators, fountains all married together by being painted black created a defining moment in fashion. The show was a celebration of Vuitton and Jacobs' monumental talent.   Last week, Mercedes-Benz presented Tbilisi Fashion Week in the country of Georgia, and we have your exclusive BTS glimpse at all of the electric fashion in action. Peep the gallery below, and stay tuned for more fashion madness! Last week, Mercedes-Benz presented Tbilisi Fashion Week in the country of Georgia, and we have your exclusive BTS glimpse at all of the electric fashion in action. Peep the gallery below, and stay tuned for more fashion madness! Photography: Melodie Jeng   The designer enlists his creative journey as his muse looking towards next Spring/Summer. The designer enlists his creative journey as his muse looking towards next Spring/Summer. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
NYFW is officially in full swing and getting the party started is New York's very own Jeremy Scott. For his new collection, Scott has taken a step back and has chosen to enlist his personal creative journey as his muse looking toward the SS19 season. 
In an Instagram post pre-show, Scott said, "This season for my show I took inspiration from old polaroids I took of myself from 1996 experimenting with make up and personas, gender bending looks and DYI hair styles I created on myself before I had a runway and models to express my inspirations and ideas for the world to see. 'Meta Muse'." 
Using his own archived imagery, Scott emblazoned hoodies and totes with the throwback selfies creating a framework for the entire collection. Other imagery like pro-basketball logos and Pokemon pranced down the runway as well as pieces with the words "shock", "sex", and "future" vibrantly patched onto them; a clear callback to his unmatched archive of pop-art-esque aesthetics. 
Mr. Scott paying homage to himself is far from any form of narcissism as his spirit in the fashion community at large is an iconically influential presence that coins him as truly an original. 
Check out some of Jeremy Scott's SS19 collection below!   Dia is bringing the artist's most abstract work to Calvin Klein's 205W39NYC. Dia is bringing the artist's most abstract work to Calvin Klein's 205W39NYC.     
Recognized as one of Andy Warhol's most epic and abstract works, "Shadows" is returning back to New York City finding its temporary home at Calvin Klein headquarters. First presented by Dia in 1979, "Shadows" is a monumental piece in which Warhol combines his practices of film, painting, screen-printing, and photography to build a singular work that remains under the umbrella of his signature stylings. 
Running concurrently with the Whitney's retrospective Andy Warhol–From A to B and Back Again, the "Shadows" installation is made possible by Calvin Klein and will host a series of public programming and the third book in Dia's Artists on Artists Lecture Series, a published work of essays about Warhol by contemporary artists. 
In a press release, Dia's Nathalie de Gunzburg Director Jessica Morgan says, “Andy Warhol was among the original group of artists championed by Dia in the 1970s, and the depth and duration of the relationship lead to Dia’s acquisition of over two hundred works by the artist as well as the eventual gift in the 1990s of the majority of these works for the creation of the Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh. One of Warhol’s most enigmatic works, 'Shadows' became an iconic part of Dia’s collection when it was first shown in 1979. 
The presentation of this work provides a rare opportunity to fully appreciate the remarkable use of seriality and difference in his practice. This exhibition marks the first time in twenty years that visitors will be able to experience the work in New York City, where it made its debut, before it returns to Dia:Beacon. Placed within the broader context of Dia’s programming and the creative continuum of Warhol’s work on view at the Whitney, we hope this presentation will shed new light on one of the artist’s most complex and remarkable works.” 
Opening tomorrow October 26, the "Shadows" installation can be found at 205 West 39th Street in the street level Calvin Klein space, until December 15, 2018, when it will reopen at Dia:Beacon in Beacon, New York, next year. 
Peep the installation below, and make sure you stop by to see Warhol's "Shadows" in its hometown!          A new Campbell Addy-shot campaign sees Howard in conversation with Pre-Fall products. A new Campbell Addy-shot campaign sees Howard in conversation with Pre-Fall products. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
Model-turned-actress Helena Howard tackles the teleprompter in a new Helmut Lang campaign. Channeling Larry Sanders-meets-public-access realness, the campaign, shot by Campbell Addy, sees the Sundance success story grilling a series of Pre-Fall items in an ersatz talkshow format. Guests of HL TV's "Live With Helena" range from the Femme Hi Spike and Masc Hi Straight jeans, to a bottle of cologne, to a sturdy black-and-pink cowboy boot. 
The campaign is the latest vehicle of Howard's to enact a kind of art-imitating-life scenario. As obligatory as the gleeful talkshow appearance is in the lives of up-and-coming actresses, so was the plot of her debut film, 2018's Madeline's Madeline, true to her lived experience up to that point. "[Filmmaker Josephine Decker] wrote my life, on steroids,” Howard told V that year. Her talent, whether for acting onscreen or bringing gravitas to interviewing inanimate objects, is worth another round of applause.   V caught an exclusive glimpse of Wang's revelatory anti-prep collection before it hit the runway. Peep all the backstage action through the lens of Melodie Jeng below. V caught an exclusive glimpse of Wang's revelatory anti-prep collection before it hit the runway. Peep all the backstage action through the lens of Melodie Jeng below. Photography: Melodie Jeng   V spoke to actor Ashton Sanders about his campaign with 7 For All Mankind, relationship with fashion, and upcoming movie with Denzel Washington. V spoke to actor Ashton Sanders about his campaign with 7 For All Mankind, relationship with fashion, and upcoming movie with Denzel Washington. Text: Lilly Pace 
Ashton Sanders has had quite the whirlwind few years. From his 2016 portrayal of Teen Chiron in the Academy Award-winning film Moonlight to his recent role as Miles alongside Denzel Washington in Equalizer 2, the young actor is a rising icon in the film world. Along with his growing list of high-profile acting credits, Ashton is also beginning to enter the world of fashion. As one of the faces of the 7 For All Mankind Fall/Winter 2018 campaign, the young star is proving his talent in all creative arenas.  "My style is a reflection of myself, an extension of who I am as an artist," he says in the campaign video. "I am Ashton Sanders and I am mankind."  
V Magazine chatted with Ashton Sanders to discuss his relationship with fashion and acting, his new campaign with 7 For All Mankind, and his role as Miles in Equalizer 2. 
What has been your relationship with fashion growing up? How has it changed?  
I always felt like it was another form of self-expression. I feel like I’m always evolving and growing. Never too stagnant. And the way I dress is one in the same. 
Why does 7 For All Mankind stick out to you in particular as a brand?  
Well, I think the brand represents something special. And they also just have really cool style. I am happy to be a part. 
What was it like working with Denzel Washington in the Equalizer 2?  
Denzel has been an actor I have looked up to my whole life, so it was surreal, you know? It was a great experience and was definitely something I won’t forget. 
Can you describe your first few days on set?  
Denzel was great!  He just kind of reminded me to trust my instincts and what I was doing. Between him and Antoine’s encouragement, they both really helped me to settle in on set. 
Can you tell us about your character Miles? How do you relate to him? How do you not?  
Miles is a good kid who is kind of at a crossroad in his life. On one hand he has a good heart and genuinely cares, but on the other hand he is hanging with the wrong crowd. I think Robert McCall kind of helps him realize his potential as a human being and get him on the right path to succeed in life. I feel like Miles is like a lot of young men in the African American community who are good kids, but for whatever reason don’t have the proper role models or the right environment growing up around them to help from making the right and wrong choices in life. 
Why do you think you got into acting?  
I started acting as an outlet. It allowed me to step outside of myself and become a completely different person. I loved the rush. 
Do you still feel like you have a lot to learn about your craft?  
Definitely. I feel like I’m always growing and learning. There is alway room for growth, and improvement. Its important to understand that. 
Check out photos from the 7 For All Mankind Fall/Winter Campaign Below!        No, it's not 2007. Yes, we're pretty sure Uggs are cool again. No, it's not 2007. Yes, we're pretty sure Uggs are cool again. Text: Zoe Elefterin 
It’s a fond memory, thinking back to all the Ugg-boot-wearing girls traipsing around high schools in the mid 2000’s. The Australian-born comfy footwear brand just collaborated with some of the biggest in the high-fashion game, Eckhaus Latta.  
Yesterday, at Eckhaus Latta’s Fall/Winter 2019 show that debuted at New York Fashion Week, the first glimpse of these sheepskin, high heel hybrids were presented in mostly neutral colors with pops of light blue, bright orange, and “absinthe green”, and a surprising touch: a square toe. Taking the amorphous, puffy shape of the original UGG boot, Eckhaus Latta subverted the footwear brand’s iconic structure. Designer Mike Eckhaus told i-D, “We got to play with them in this way where we made them blocky, and into heels.”  
The show took place in Bushwick, Brooklyn, the perfect place for these mules with a curvy, slim wooden heel and decked out in fuzzy sheepskin and a style with an open toe. There's also two unisex styles: a blocky boot and slides. The collection of shoes exudes a strangeness that feels familiar to the collective style of Bushwick, a neighborhood that houses a population of fledgeling creatives with diverse, idiosyncratic style.  
And, of course, we can't forget that Ugg isn't a stranger to the runway. Remember the controversial thigh-high Y/Project Uggs? Tbh, we're living for the quirky age of subversive high fashion. 
These styles will be available for purchase in September, but for now, check them out below.   On the cusp of her 20s, she has spent her life in the public eye. Now, the cinema scion is ready to cultivate her own garden. On the cusp of her 20s, she has spent her life in the public eye. Now, the cinema scion is ready to cultivate her own garden. Photography: Luke Gilford Styling: Dogukan Nesanir Text: Kristen Stewart       
This interview appears in the pages of V116, our Winter 2018 issue, hitting newsstands on November 8. Pre-order your copy of V116 at shop.vmagazine.com today!  
KRISTEN STEWART I saw the pictures. They look really nice and honest. 
LILY-ROSE DEPP Oh, thank you. That’s actually what Luke and I were going for. Luke is a really good friend of mine and has been for years. It’s nice being able to work with people like that—like doing this interview with you—someone that I know. Luke knows me so well and I’ve shot with him before, just by ourselves. 
KS It’s a gift that’s usually not given, being able to fully share your truth. And actors are desperate for that. 
LRD The first shoot I ever did with Luke was very simple because we were just shooting for fun. I did my own hair and makeup and we just pulled clothes from my closet and my mom’s closet. 
KS By the way, the entire world listens to that and literally goes, screw you. [Lily-Rose laughs.] Because we all go through our mom’s closet, but like, yours is definitely a different story. 
LRD Yeah, it’s definitely not the same vibe as everybody’s mom. I definitely am lucky because my mom has kept all of her old shit from when she was younger. So it’s like a gold mine in there. But we just did it so simply. It was literally just us picking stuff out and just taking pictures. You can tell that when I’m looking into his lens, it’s like I’m looking into my friend’s eyes. 
KS It’s dope that you’re already able to work with people who allow you to do that. It took me years to be able to gure out exactly how to own my voice and not feel nervous about it or like I was providing answers to questions that I didn’t really have answers for. And then all of a sudden I’m saying something I don’t mean. 
LRD I am really shy when it comes down to it, which is why I love acting so much. It allows me to get out of my own head. I have a way easier time acting like someone else than acting like myself. 
KS What have you been doing? What’s feeding you right now? 
LRD Well right now I’m preparing for this role I’m going to be playing next year. I’m not sure if I’m allowed to say what it is yet, but it’s something that requires a lot of research and preparation. I’m just getting a head start on the research process and really enjoying it. And I just shot this Netflix movie called The King earlier this summer. I play a French princess with a French accent, so that was really fun. I recently went to TIFF with Louis Garrel’s movie. 
KS Wow. How does it feel to work with someone like that? Because that blows my fucking head off. 
LRD We started rehearsing months before because it was really particular shooting certain things. We shot really fast and on film, like on 35 millimeter. We kind of had to know the shape that each scene was going to take before we even got there. 
KS Yeah and he’s also the son of a brilliant director. It’s kind of in both of your breeding. It’s trippy. 
LRD For sure. And I think that he has great respect for his father who is a great director. And I have so much respect for both of myparents as well. It’s definitely something that we were able to level with each other about. 
KS That’s cool. Dope. Where are you living right now? I know you’re in Paris right now, but is that where you’re based? 
LRD I’m based in L.A., but I kind of feel like I’m based in both places. I definitely feel like I get more done in Paris. I also like walking, and being able to walk around my neighborhood. 
KS Yeah, with L.A., you’re just kind of floating around. Whereas in New York... you hear [the city] all the time. So you’re like, I should be engaging with that. 
LRD It’s funny you should bring up New York, because I’m staying in New York for a few months this fall. I feel like with every change like that, you grow so much. And I feel like this year I’ve done a lot of growing and become more independent. So I think that will be good for me. 
KS That will be so much fun. The first time I stayed in New York for an extended period of time was on a movie and... This is going to sound super irresponsible, but I didn’t sleep there that much because I was so excited to be there. 
LRD I have a good feeling about it. It goes with my trying to be more independent. I feel like I’ve come into my own a lot as a woman this year so I feel like it’s going to help me continue on that road. 
KS Wow, that’s good. That’s a nice thing to be able to fully say. [That’s] fucking amazing. What about Chanel stuff? I literally remember seeing you in a makeup room and you must’ve been 14 or 15 and I was like, “She looks fucking cool. I want to be friends with her.” 
LRD I did my first campaign for them when I was 15, which was crazy. I remember when they told me, I thought I was dreaming. For a 15-year-old girl to be told that, I was just so excited and just couldn’t believe that they wanted me. Karl [Lagerfeld] and I actually met when I was like eight, with my mom. He’s so sweet. It really is rare to find someone like that who is such an icon in so many ways, and has been for so long, but who is just such a genuinely sweet and welcoming person. We will send each other pictures of our cats.       
KS That’s so sweet! Yeah, not to be a weirdo, but you meet the very best and the very worst type of people in fashion. Like literally, the worst, mean, nasty, just like crawling and climbing up, awful people. And then you meet the most creative, wild, just completely unique individuals. 
LRD I also think the way that fashion ties into cinema is really interesting. To me, the hair and makeup and costume of a character are so crucial to me. 
KS Totally. I kind of hate when people ask me this in interviews, but I also feel like it’s an interesting question: What is your favorite movie? 
LRD It’s okay, I get it all the time. I feel like I grew up watching so many old French movies. I grew up watching so many Louis de Funès movies. La Boum, which I love. Nobody’s gonna know what that is. It’s this old French movie. And then Peau d’âne with Catherine Deneuve is one of my favorite movies ever. It’s iconic. 
KS You’ll have to forgive me because you’re all French and shit. [Laughs.] What’s the English title? 
LRD I actually don’t know...I’m going to look it up right now. I wonder if it’s called Donkey Skin? Probably not. That’s not a very nice title. But that’s one of my favorites. Catherine Deneuve plays this amazing, magical princess and then she puts on a donkey carcass and runs away into the forest. 
KS Honestly, it’s pretty cool that you grew up with that. You know, most people don’t have a real reason to start watching French films and foreign films at such a young age. It’s very cool that you started so little. You’re lucky for that. 
LRD Don’t think that I didn’t watch Twilight when I was younger, too! I was a huge fan. You’re not gonna escape it. 
KS [Laughs.] Oh my god, that’s so funny. So what the fuck else? Do you read a lot? 
LRD I do. I read a lot. I’ve been obsessed with Haruki Murakami for years. He’s my favorite author. I’m reading The Basketball Diaries by Jim Carroll right now, which I’m really enjoying. My little brother actually, who’s 16, is reading constantly. This summer, we were on vacation and he’s like, “Oh, have you read Bukowski? I’m loving this book.” 
KS That’s so cool and so cute. By the way you should definitely read Bukowski, he’s my fuckin’ boy. He’s one of my all-time favorites. Would you ever want to make a movie? Are you interested in directing at all?       
LRD I don’t know. I would never say never. Maybe later in life. Would you want to direct a movie? 
KS Yeah, yeah totally. I’m really reaching towards that right now. Let me just tell you all about it. [Laughs.] I feel so self-conscious talking about myself in your interview. But I’m adapting a memoir right now. I’ll text you about it. You should read it. 
LRD I would love to. That’s awesome that you’re doing that. Certain books really pull you in and really take hold of your imagination. And it’s like creating your own movie in your head, which is something I love about reading. 
KS I only started reading off my phone out of necessity, like if I’m on a movie or something and don’t have a book. I also just got super crazy addicted to podcasts. 
LRD I just listened to this podcast that compares the lives of Jane Fonda and Jean Seberg who are two people that I find so interesting. And I was just walking on the treadmill for half an hour, just learning all of this new information. 
KS Dude, I can’t believe you just said that. I just played Jean Sebergin a film I wrapped like two weeks ago, about her affiliation with the Black Panthers and the FBI take[down]. That’s so random. 
LRD Oh my god, that is incredible! That’s such a sick role. I can’t wait to see it. 
KS Wow, what a trip. Yeah, it actually was...fucking...It was a lot. Oh man. More to talk about.                    Marc Jacobs Autumn Winter collection featured plenty of feathers and a surprise supermodel appearance. Marc Jacobs Autumn Winter collection featured plenty of feathers and a surprise supermodel appearance. Text: Mayzie Hopkins Marc Jacobs scaled back his show this NYWF. Instead of the usual 60 looks, the designer only showed 40. And likewise, the crowd was more thinned out, in order to create a more intimate show for the viewers. The runway was dark and reflective, furthering the exclusivity of those in attendance; photographs of the models look as if they are emerging well-dressed from a blackhole. In turn allowing outfits to stand on their own for the length of the runway. “Each [look] will be an exaggeration of our view of who each of the women is, for lack of a better word, it’s like a cabine of women we love," Jacobs told WWD. Oversized leopard print coats, tweed, ballgown dresses and feathers were featured. Lots and lots of feathers. Models were embellished with flapper-esque feather headpieces, crowns and single feathers protruding out of beanies. But it was the feathered dresses- more specifically Christy Turlington's that deserved all the attention it has received. Coming out of retirement because "Why the F not" was a decision the 90s supermodel made because she recently turned 50. Also, for her teenage daughter. "I have a 15 year old daughter who I desperately want to see and hear me and this is a medium that “speaks”to her. So, thank you’s are in order, @karliekloss @gigihadid and @kaiagerber and all the lovely young women I have met briefly in the recent past or met tonight. You are ALL women I would want my daughter to emulate in your grace, confidence and elegance," Turlington wrote in an Instagram post. Here's to hoping she keeps this mindset for future fashion weeks to come.  V Magazine & Gitano NYC presents Dominique Jackson aka Elektra Abundance's NYFW Playlist! V Magazine & Gitano NYC presents Dominique Jackson aka Elektra Abundance's NYFW Playlist! Text: AJ Longabaugh With the summer having come to its official end and NYFW in full swing, the transition of a new pace and getting back to work is an all too well reality for the fashion, music, and art communities in New York City. This Sunday, V's favorite party Linda hosted at Gitano NYC is celebrating fashion week with a playlist curated by one of the most notable, current, and all around iconic faces we've seen come into the spotlight the past decade: Dominique Jackson a.k.a. Elektra Abundance. Ok, so after you pick your jaw up from the floor and find your wig that was literally snatched because of what V just told you, the acclaimed superstar of POSE has indeed created a roster of bona fide hits that will get you in the mood for fashion, serving face, and throwing celebratory shade at whomever you desire. Including Janet Jackson, Diana Ross, Cheryl Lynn and more, Dominique is ready to take Linda to church this Sunday with a playlist with the perfect tempo to bow down to Mother Elektra in all her glory and to STRIKE A POSE with LINDA! Listen to Dominique Jackson's NYFW Playlist below:  In honor of the iconic supermodel's birthday, V is paying tribute to her everlasting legacy. In honor of the iconic supermodel's birthday, V is paying tribute to her everlasting legacy. Text: Danielle Combs 
The landscape of modeling would have forever been changed without the arrival of Cindy Crawford on the '90s scene. Since the beginning of her career, the model has embodied the glamazon beauty that was so present during the golden age of magazine covers, fashion campaigns, and TV ads. To celebrate her birthday and fully grasp the impact Crawford has had on the modeling industry, we're taking a glance back into the fashion archives where she flanked the '90s Chanel runway clad in a terry cloth bikini, embraced a leather bondage look at Thierry Mugler, and bared all in a skin-tight Versace number. Click through the slideshow to see the reigning supermodel's most iconic runway moments.  On the hunt for a fresh lid for fall? Look no further. On the hunt for a fresh lid for fall? Look no further. Text: AJ Longabaugh For their very first collaboration together, New Era and Nautica have joined forces for three different capsule collections. The collections titled "Hydro Race", "Scuba", and "Color Block", are made up of assorted caps that have been created from deconstructed, vintage Nautica threads. Each individual hat features different details from the aforementioned jackets including pockets, patches, hardware, and labeling. Sticking to the brand's primary colors and racing stripes, the Hydro Race collection features the signature Nautica "Hydro Race" logo and is available in New Era's 59FIFTY cap and other adjustable styles. The Color Block collection selection is the largest and comes in adjustable caps and bucket hats donning simple colors and pinwheel figures. The brightest out of the three capsules, The Scuba range comes in turquoise, orange, yellow, and blue and homes the diver found on some Natuica's most iconic '90s styles. The New Era x Nautica collaboration ranges from $40 - $75 and is set to launch in late August!  An exclusive look of the HAIM sisters with Dior Beauty at Dior's resort show. An exclusive look of the HAIM sisters with Dior Beauty at Dior's resort show. Photography: Morgane Ley 
HAIM returned as guests for Dior's Cruise Collection showcase, this time in attendance at the show which took place in the Moroccan city of Marrakesh. Under the hot climate, Dior Beauty opted for fresh and natural makeup on the HAIM sisters in conjunction with the bohemian theme.   The designer pays tribute to a late friend with his latest eyewear collaboration. The designer pays tribute to a late friend with his latest eyewear collaboration. Text: Jake Viswanath Paul Smith has recently made a big foray into the eyewear world, teaming up with famed brands like Oakley and Oliver Peoples to cement their mark. But their latest collaboration is a bit more sentimental. Smith is paying tribute to his late friend Tony Gross, who passed in March, by teaming up with his brand Cutler and Gross for a limited-edition collection of eyewear. “I’ve always had enormous admiration for Cutler and Gross,” Smith said. “Before we sadly lost him this year, Tony Gross was a personal friend of mine.” The unisex range consists of boxy square frames in eight different color options, including a vibrant purple, a couple transparent shades, and the classic black. Each pair was produced by hand at Cutler and Gross’ Italian factory. The eyewear collection will debut at Smith’s Spring 2019 show during Paris Fashion Week and be available for purchase immediately following. Get a peek at the sleek shades below.  Photography: Natalie O’Moore Styling: Ella Cepeda 
V present "Another Girl, Another Planet" an exclusive shoot by Natalie O'Moore. 
Corset-clad and ready to launch, the high-fashion astro girls and best friends find their own launchpad. Metallic or tight, twinkling or tweed, the two girls bring sci-fi glamour to an otherwise sterile landscape: space. O'Moore, the photog behind the visual narrative, had her own narrative inspiration for the high-octane edge. “‘Another Girl, Another Planet’ tells the story of two friends journeying through the milky way to find a habitable planet," she says.  Couture Week blasts off with Maison Margiela's space-age vision of Fall 2018 couture. Couture Week blasts off with Maison Margiela's space-age vision of Fall 2018 couture. Text: Thomas Chou 
It’s impossible to deny that for each couture season, the fashion world waits with bated breath for the artistry and innovation that comes with the Maison Margiela label. Creatively directed by none other than design legend, John Galliano, Maison Margiela has always represented a new and inventive age in fashion—transcending simple clothing into wearable art. 
In the true spirit of couture, Maison Margiela debuted its 32-look, Fall 2018 collection influenced heavily by extraterrestrial motifs and shockingly bold colors. In a similar vein as previous seasons, the French fashion label plays with texture in some of the most unexpected ways. For Fall 2018, gauzy fabrics were a highlight of several of the looks, from overlaid jackets, to entire dresses — and it’s impossible to miss the electric blue and hot pink sheer mesh that covered many of the models faces, channeling a hard-to-nail element of alien chic. 
As expected from the futuristic fashion house, silhouettes most traditionally understood as wearable received a major boost in the collection which featured enormously oversized and layered puffer jackets along with dramatically ankle-length sleeves. While bright primary colors add an element of visual interest and trend, the silhouettes of the pieces conjure a sense of Star Wars gone glam. Think long treks on Mars, or touching down on Jupiter’s furthest moon; Maison Margiela’s use of thick belting, purposeful dusty tarnishing, and what appears to be astronaut helmets, take the Fall 2018 out of this stratosphere, and into the fashion galaxy that churns inside Galliano’s mind. 
While other couture labels might be too focused on re-inventing and re-imagining basics, Maison Margiela pushes the envelope to a truly avant garde plane. While streetwear and logomania might be what’s appealing to the kids right now, Galliano brings back the artistry into the art of design. High-brow, high-concept, and certainly high fashion—Maison Margiela Fall 2018 brings the runways of couture week back to it’s masterfully creative and innovative roots. 
Check out the collection below.                             Celine's latest brand development will feature a re-design of boutiques here in NYC and worldwide. Celine's latest brand development will feature a re-design of boutiques here in NYC and worldwide. Text: Mayzie Hopkins 
What began as a French children's footwear company in 1945, founded by Céline Vipiana, has proved that evolution, specifically in fashion brands, is inevitable. Since Hedi Slimane left YSL and became Céline's creative director, he has, much to a few people's surprise and discomfort when witnessing change, swiftly made his mark. Aside from removing the trademark accented letter, Slimane announced a new men's and couture line, perfume and handbag. There was note also of change in the classic Celine style, with more colors, more "Slimane" fitted suits and more variation in shape. And now they are set to launch a new architectural design concept for the boutiques. The first to open will be New York City's 650 Madison Avenue location, subsequently followed by stores in L.A, London, Paris, Tokyo, Milan, Bejing, and Shanghai. 
Although onlookers may have expressed their worries about the way in which Celine was shifting, a year on it seems Slimane and others have settled quite comfortably. Slimane did more than brush off doubts; he exceeded with his contemporary vision of the brand. Most flagship or larger boutiques, such as NYC, will now offer both a men's and women's section, and with all major capitals opening menswear boutiques it seems apparent that Slimane saw something that the company lacked. And most of all, needed. 
As for 650 Madison Avenue, the re-design took nine months including studies beforehand. The one-floor layout stretches to 5,000 square foot and features natural materials specifically chosen by Slimane. Roman lava stone, Basaltina, was used for the boutiques flooring, black granite with ginger and cream veins was used for the walls and shelving. As well as two different types of marble and grey travertine dotted throughout the store. Like the right accessory, furniture and artwork aligning with the artistic design will play a requisite part of completing the look. See the latest photos below or visit in person.   The anything-but-angelic heroines behind Charlie’s Angels take a dip into resort’s most heavenly looks. The anything-but-angelic heroines behind Charlie’s Angels take a dip into resort’s most heavenly looks. Photography: Carin Backoff Styling: Karen Langley Text: Marissa G. Muller 
V122: Girl Power is available for pre-order now. The issue hits newsstands on November 7.   The latest recruits for the feminist-utopian Charlie’s Angels franchise, Kristen Stewart, Naomi Scott and Ella Balinska bring serious muscle to winter’s biggest action-comedy.   Here, they spill intelligence on their superempowered characters, which include a tech-company whistleblower, an ass-kicking humanitarian, and the Charles Townsend Detective Agency’s first-ever queer heroine.  
NAOMI SCOTT Hi Kristen! First question…How did you get involved with the film? 
KRISTEN STEWART [laughing] Well, you already know this. Like, why are you asking me this weird question that you know the answer to? 
NS I actually don’t know! 
KS You really don’t know? Ok, well a few years ago, Liz [Banks] and I met at [a party at] the Venice Film Festival—she was on the jury, and I had a film there. I was with [actor] Nicholas Hoult, who’s a raucous good time, so we were, you know… dancing. Not my default setting, as you know. 
NS Oh? I thought differently... [all laugh] 
KS Right, so she saw me at a moment where I’d run out of dancing steam. It was late, but it wasn’t that I was tired. I was...You know when you’re dancing, and suddenly you think, “What am I doing?” I had just stepped out of my body—that perspective of being glaringly self-conscious. It might have not been obvious, but she came up and was like, “Hey, chill, just have fun…” She saw it, even though we’d never met before. She basically said, “Everyone else is an idiot, too. And also, you’re wonderful and I love you.” So we became such fans of each other in that moment. To be visible to someone, and have them highlight you in that way, in that kind of environment, is like a tender act. And subsequently, she hit me up about the idea of doing a Charlie’s Angels movie, when the script was very [different]. She said, “I don’t exactly know what this is going to be, but I know that I want your energy in it.” And just so everyone knows, [Elizabeth] really possessed the story [after that]. She made it completely her own. 
NS To piggyback off the script originally being different...I actually taped for [Charlie’s Angels]…Maybe three years ago? Before I knew that [Elizabeth Banks] was attached. 
KS [Our characters] weren’t really in it, at that point…[Luckily] I really trusted [Elizabeth]—I am a huge fan. But the thing about me and Liz is that we are so different. I’m shocked that she even likes me, or can relate to me in any way. Because we’re opposites. 
ELLA BALINSKA I definitely [always] knew both of you were on [the project]…Like, you had been announced. I got an email, via my team, about the project‚ but not with the actual name of the project… 
NS Yep! What was it? 
EB “Silver Cloud”? 
KS For a long time, I thought that something called “Silver Cloud” was going to be [involved in] the movie, and was like, am I missing a detail? 
EB Sorry Kristen, I know you’re going to hate me for this, but quick question…Did they have a code name when you guys were making Twilight? 
KS Oh, I don’t know… 
NS You can’t remember? 
KS To be honest, when we were doing Twilight, they were just calling it “Twilight”. 
NS [laughs] Because they had no idea what would come of it… 
KS Yes…So, you both made it through to “Silver Cloud.” What happened next? 
EB Yeah, I found out I’d gotten [the chance to audition for] “Silver Cloud,” and then at the bottom of the email, it was like, “Oh and by the way…It’s Charlie’s Angels.” Like, let’s cut the bullshit [laughs]. Then I pretty much just sent my tape off. 
KS Which I saw. 
EB You saw it? 
KS Oh, yeah. 
EB Oh my god… 
NS I can just imagine her watching it, going, “She’s so fucking cute!” 
KS Actually I went, “Wow!” I was really impressed with your tape because those are so hard to do. The scene[s] [are always] utter crap. But I was like, “Wow, she’s really owning this shit.” 
EB Thank you. You’ve seen me in a very vulnerable place. There you go…Anyway, then I flew out and met Elizabeth, very naughtily…I was shooting something else at the time. 
NS Gotta do what you gotta do, girl. 
EB I would do it again. Elizabeth and I had a great meeting. 
KS You can’t hire someone that you don’t vibe with, even if they’re a brilliant actor. If you don’t like the person, you’re just setting yourself up for four months of bad vibes. Ok, next question… 
EB Out of all of the roles you’ve played, does one stick out as your favorite? 
KS Absolutely not...it’s too hard...That’s like picking your favorite stuffed animal. 
NS My girl [Kristen] over here... She’s like, “Of the twenty roles…” 
KS ...It’s [more] like fifty. [all laugh] ...If I wasn’t amongst the very best of like sister-friends, I would never have been such an asshole [just] now. 
NS And let’s be honest, I’ve got like three [roles] to choose from! I haven’t had enough serious roles to [answer] this question... 
KS But what’s your fave? 
NS Well my fave would be, 100 percent, Princess Jasmine. 
KS Aw! Well that makes sense. You’re playing a Disney character…And you’re such an unbelievable singer. For me, to be seriously honest though…in terms of having a true affection for a character—one not based off a real person—I genuinely love Sabina, my character in Charlie’s Angels, so much. 
NS I love your character so much, too. 
KS She’s the nicest person. 
NS She’s a version of you though, Kri. 
KS Yeah, for sure. 
EB Sabina is so spontaneous, and that made it so much fun to just be with you on set, in general. It was [you], when you’re in that mood of being like, “Dude…” 
KS Well, Jane has a very pragmatic and stoic [side], [which you see] before [the Angels] become a family; at first, we don’t rub each other the right way—until we all come together and realize that we need each other desperately. Sabina puts herself out there, [at the risk of] getting seriously smacked around. 
NS [Sabina]’s like one of those friends who’s never fake—there’s not a bad bone in their body, but if you cut them, they [instantly] bleed. That’s what I loved about your character [at first], and then when I watched the movie, I felt a lot for you [and your] parents… 
KS Because she was isolated [growing up]... 
NS Yeah, exactly…The discovery of that vulnerability was lovely… 
KS You think Sabina’s a hard-ass, but she actually just doesn’t quite know how to [connect]. 
EB I feel like so many people can genuinely relate to that. 
KS Maybe not anymore, but my younger self could’ve related to that immensely. [Even now] I know how to hide, and not [be] in the center of things. But now I feel like I have this very solid, modest ‘square-one’ [in my life]—this [foundation] upon which to dance, radically...I know how to treat people and, you know, that sometimes takes a long time. Like, even just knowing how to really be open with the people in your life, or having them as close to me as possible... That is really important. I have family and all of my friends. My dogs are a very centering factor in my life. [So] my square one is very solid, but I [also] like feeling off-kilter. It’s not about creating chaos—I am just on a constant search. 
NS I saw so much of Sabina’s mindset as being independent, like, “I’m all good, I’ve got this sorted—no help needed.” 
EB Do you [Naomi] feel like you related to that as well? 
NS Yeah, 100 percent... Do you know what’s so weird? You [Kristen] and I always say that we are very different [people]; like, “Oh, Naomi’s so responsible...” [But] there is another side of me, too, that’s [more like Kristen] and so intrinsic as well… 
KS You’re a deeply questioning person, deeply, constantly searching. 
NS What assumptions do people have about you, that you would most like to correct? 
KS You know, this [question] is going to make me immediately angry. You guys will be like, “People think [you’re] this” and I’m gonna be like, “Who the fuck thinks that?” But no, for some reason I actually love how pathological this question is… Let’s just be really real about this… I think mine’s really obvious…I’m going to [say it] and then you tell me if it’s right: that I’m, like, over-serious. Because I can be over-serious! 
NS No, you’re not though. 
KS Ok, but [let’s just] get all our assumptions out there, and then we can go about dismantling them, one by one. 
NS Well, one of my favorite things to do, when people ask, “What is Kristen like?” is to just say, “Let me tell you how cool this person is…” The frustrating part is feeling like you understand this person [in a way others don’t]. 
To be honest, I hadn’t seen many of your [Kristen’s] other movies before we worked together…but then I went back, and realized [just how] talented of an actress you are—which I know sounds awkward, because it’s not like I didn’t think so before. But I just didn’t fully grasp the depth [of your talent]. That made me go, “Oh shit, I need to come up a bit.” To meet you at your level. 
EB But you bring that out of [your costars]—it’s empowering to be in a scene with you, in that way. 
KS I require a lot of you. 
NS I think that’s also partly because this character was so you—you were a part of its conception, and it’s so right for you. It was written around you and for you. 
EB I don’t want to give too much of your [Kristen’s] character away, because I want people to be surprised, but I remember thinking, when I read the script, “I hope they keep your character [Sabina] this way.” I was like, please don’t compromise. 
KS Liz wrote it [that way]. I was so lucky... Ok, this was a really gorgeous non-sequitur that I really appreciate a lot. But what do people think about you [guys] that makes you go, “I don’t think that’s true?” [Silence] Well, actually—I feel like you [Ella] have said a couple times that you don’t think you’re funny. 
EB Yes. 
KS I’ve had this conversation with you a couple of times, like on set before, like early mornings when Nay wasn’t around. Where you’re like, “Yeah I just feel like, you know…” 
EB That I’m a weirdo. I’m very analytical. 
KS You think you’re a nerd and people aren’t interested [in nerds], but actually nerds are the most interesting. Sometimes, Nay and I can be a bit of a runaway train with each other, not even saying anything that funny, but laughing hysterically somehow. And then [Ella] will jump in and say something like, legit funny. [But then] you’ll critically assess yourself afterward, as if you’re not [funny]. I’m like, “No, you’re killing the game!” 
NS [Ella is] so intelligent and there’s so much in her that has yet to even surface. Like, how old are you? Twenty... 
EB 23. 
NS And you have the makings of…[trails off] Sometimes, when you’ve been brought up among white kids, people might [fixate] on one certain thing about you. Like, “She’s beautiful,” or “She’s a gamer or a geek.” [But] you’re a mix of so many incredible things. You’re black, British, super-duper intelligent, incredibly beautiful and you’re nerdy and a tomboy as well…and you don’t even know it. Yeah, that’s what it is. You’re kind of like a fantasy, but you don’t even know it yet. For me, it’s probably just that I’m annoying. Something like that [laughs]. 
EB No. 
NS But here’s the problem: I am annoying. 
KS Shut your fucking mouth. [all laugh] We’re in a semicircle, cross-legged on a couch and we’re expressing our feelings about one another, honestly. And that’s the position [we’re] assuming. 
NS Can I be really honest? I am going to piss my pants. 
KS We all genuinely did become, like, best friends on this movie. And, like, I cannot [tolerate] anything that is remotely judgmental or shit-talkie [about] one of my besties. So [Naomi is] not annoying at all. She’s just, like, a lot of energy. Because someone put a nickel in her...or more like 75 cents, maybe.  Kaia Gerber is adding another campaign to her belt. Kaia Gerber is adding another campaign to her belt. Text: Megan Kasselberg Omega has just launched its Trésor Collection and we are obsessed. Consisting of nine different clean and contemporary timepieces, the looks are notable for being particularly wearable, and made for a younger, sophisticated woman. The color palette manages to be both neutral and noticeable, with beautiful navy, brown and black options available. Asymmetrical lines of diamonds curve opposite sides of the thin watch, adding a feminine and runway-inspired touch—considering the asymmetric accessories we saw everywhere this past S/S18 season. Omega has tapped supermodel in the making Kaia Gerber to front the campaign, utilizing her all-American, appeal and youthful features to highlight the wearability of the collection. Checkout the watches below:   Paul Andrew takes us back (way back) to a shoe that changed it all Paul Andrew takes us back (way back) to a shoe that changed it all Text: Mayzie Hopkins Who says 1942 was an uneventful year in terms of fashion? If you think so, let Salvatore Ferragamo's directive creator, Paul Andrew, convince you otherwise. A few years before the end of WW2, clothes and moods were conservative and subdued. The roar of the 20s had passed leading into the depression, leading into masculine, muted, boxy suits for women and likewise for men. Italian immigrant Ferragamo, however, had a standout approach to fashion that was innovative for the time and whose ideas are still rippling through fashion today. Especially at the company he founded in the States. It was when Ferragamo was living back in Italy, during 1942, that he created the sued patchwork mule that inspired Andrew's collection recently seen at Milan Fashion Week. "If you imagine a woman walking down the street in that,” he told The Guardian, referring to the shoe, “it’s totally mindblowing to think about how Salvatore combined technology, innovation, and craftsmanship. If you study the clothes [in this collection] in detail, there’s so much technical work in how the clothes are bonded and finished.” Generation focused around the idea of "multiplicity", in regards to who will wear, or want to wear, the collection. By integrating classic designs into current, the inclusivity of the consumers will be much wider and therefore generation-less. Knee length leather dresses, scarves, skirts and anoraks, largely in burgundy or darker, earthy tones were seen on the male and female models at the show, that had Charlie Heaton and Natalia Dyer in attendance. In addition, there was a mix of textures, like leather suits, slip dresses and a large teddy-bear coat wrapped with a light grey belt. The variety of styles will allow the brand to fulfil its concept of having  "clients in their 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, and 60s and more.” If you needed a push, Andrew wants you to know that now is the time to start sharing your clothes with your mom and most definitely, your grandma.  The turn up is real this fashion week. The turn up is real this fashion week. Text: Gabrielle Eshaghpour This New York Fashion Week was far from any other Fashion Week we're used to. This time around, the catwalks gave us just as much reason to dress up as they did to party. Despite not even showing during the fashion week calendar, nothing could stop Alexander Wang from throwing a party. I mean, hello? He's Alexander Wang. The beloved designer decided to celebrate the Chinese Lunar New Year at the Rainbow Room at Rockefeller Center. New York Fashion Week's party scene has recently been pretty dull, which is why Wang thought it needed a little "spice" and decided to go with the theme "Straight Outta China(town)." Wang's blowout party had musical performances by Trina, Tommy Genesis, and City Girls; as well as model and celebrity appearances by Kaia Gerber and Ansel Elgort. Even though he was off the Fashion Week calendar, this time around, he wanted to provide the entertainment that he thought it deserved (besides the clothes, of course). But, Wang wasn't the only one who shook things up during Fashion Week. Opening Ceremony is also into the concept of Chinatown. The brand hosted a fundraising event on Sunday called "Pig Out" at 50 Bowery to raise money for the Museum of Chinese in America and APEX for Youth. Alexander Wang and Ansel Elgort The parties didn't stop there. Prabal Gurung hosted a dinner at East Village hotspot, Baar Baar, alongside Grey Goose in honor of Prabal's Fall Winter 2019 collection. VIP guests included MJ Rodriguez, Bella Thorne, Lana Condor and Zara Larsson. In a speech to his eclectic audience, Prabal noted the importance of celebrating inclusivity through his work—toasting individuals from different races, religions, genders, and backgrounds at the event. True to form, the “wokest” man in fashion’s dinner was attended by the likes of Black Lives Matter founder DeRay McKesson and poet and activist Cleo Wade. The entire evening was an ode to the East-meets-West, the inspiration for Prabal’s new collection. This was seen through from Baar Baar’s elevated Indian cuisine to the moving performance from Nepalese model and singer Varsha Thapa.  Another turn-up function this season came by way of Milanese fashion brand, Palm Angels, who crashed NYFW with its first runway in the big apple. Designer Francesco Ragazzi told The Associated Press that he wanted his show to be "a new challenge." "I always start with a new challenge, and definitely New York is a great energy," he said. "I'm trying to bring my own vision here, just trying to tell my story." Ragazzi brought great energy on the catwalk that had beams of strobing light, and brought that same vibe to his after party held at the same venue. With attendance by Vic Mensa and even Luka Sabbat DJing, this banger was one you didn't want to miss. And if you did, well that's a shame.  V Recaps The Best Looks from The People’s Choice Awards 2018 V Recaps The Best Looks from The People’s Choice Awards 2018 Text: Czar Van Gaal The 2018 People's Choice Awards was more stylish than ever with the likes of The Kardashians, Amber Valletta, Sabrina Carpenter, and more stunting styles for the celebratory evening allowing the voices of the people be heard by awarding the entertainment they love. Peep our favorite looks from last night's red carpet below!  Our queen has taken to her Instagram and V are shook. Our queen has taken to her Instagram and V are shook. Text: AJ Longabaugh Taking to her Instagram this afternoon, Lady Gaga has posted 3 black and white images of pure-fire, distorted fashion horror. After the official announcement and promo image unveiling for her upcoming Vegas residency Enigma, Gaga has shooketh us once more with these breathtaking images. The big question here is: What does this all mean? Gaga's first album, The Fame, turns 10 years-old this coming Sunday. Could this mean a single is coming sooner than we may realize? No clue. The only thing that is certain is that Lady Gaga is alive and well, and V are ready for what ever she has up her sleeve.  📸: @elirusselllinnetz A post shared by  Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Aug 15, 2018 at 9:00am PDT  📸: @elirusselllinnetz A post shared by  Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Aug 15, 2018 at 9:02am PDT  📸: @elirusselllinnetz A post shared by  Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Aug 15, 2018 at 9:03am PDT  The Italian luxury brand calls on the former Gucci executive after it reported a 23 percent profit deficit during first six months of 2018. The Italian luxury brand calls on the former Gucci executive after it reported a 23 percent profit deficit during first six months of 2018. Text: Gretty Garcia Eraldo Poletto, former Ferragamo CEO, stepped down earlier this year after total revenue for the company fell. Insistent that in order for Ferragamo to remain profitable, it needed to allocate more towards technology and marketing for revitalization, Poletto has signed off on Le Divelec Lemmi's new role - although, he has been general manager of Ferragamo since April. The newly appointed CEO has made plans to invest more in e-commerce and in online communications in the wake of the digitalization of retailers and the fashion industry as a whole. More tangible changes, though, include investing in people deemed suitable to carry on the lofty goals at the forefront of this wave of change. Poletto brought in new creative directors, among them legendary British shoe designer, Paul Andrew, and has himself joined the Stewart Weitzman brand as their newest CEO.  Nicolas Ghesquière's latest collection did not disappoint. Nicolas Ghesquière's latest collection did not disappoint. Text: Erin McDowell 
Louis Vuitton's FW18 collection is here, directly from Paris. The collection, which showed in the glass-roofed courtyard of the Louvre museum, relied heavily upon yellow motifs, fringe, sequins, and structured garments to create a moody and playful tone for the fall season. Nicolas Ghesquière centered his latest collection for Louis Vuitton around military-inspired jackets, color blocking, argyle prints, bold lapels, and shearling outerwear that reflected the items' surroundings and embodied classic Parisian style. The collection is daring and no-holds-barred in its approach, not shying away from accents of bright color, bold prints, and unconventional layering. Louis Vuitton is dressing the powerful woman. 
Ghesquière strayed away from his more athleticwear-inspired aesthetic to go back to the basics of what makes LV a legacy brand, dazzling us with the perfect adieu to the last days of fashion month. The classic elements of the house combined with a slightly grungier, bolder aesthetic are what we've come to expect from the designer, and this season certainly did not disappoint. To view the entire collection, check out the slideshow below.   Photography: Courtney Yates Styling: Jared Martell Text: Brandon Tan   Introducing a new wave of creativity, where expression lies within screens and not walls, and breadths of work span all sorts of media from hair to CDJs. An extension of V117: The Discovery Issue, we tap into a cast of emerging creatives whose innovative forms of work pave way for a New Creative Class. Aba Mfrase-Ewur manifests creativity from her hair to her toes, literally. Prompted to define creativity, the ethereal Aba responds, "Any expression of self. Anything from painting your toenails with your teeth to the route you take to your favorite park counts as creativity!" And in spending just a few minutes with her, anybody would find the theory to be true. Radiating from the glittering gems on her two front teeth to the fluorescent tresses falling on her shoulders is pure, unrepentant self-expression. Her smile, wide and genuine too, lets out a laugh hefty enough to fill an empty room. The self-appointed "multidisciplinary artist" takes multidisciplinary to a whole other level. Equipped with her two favorite media, "hair and film," Mfrase-Ewur plans to take over 2019. Appearing on both ends of the lens in 2018, she has lent her photogenic spirit and her directive eye to the likes of Christopher John Rogers, Melissa, SSENSE, Opening Ceremony and more. While her list of accomplishment is comprehensive, she teases even more work in the coming months. "I have been working on a lot, but I have to keep it secret! You'll just have to keep your eyes peeled," she taunts. A magician never reveals her secrets. That said, Mfrase-Ewur does touch upon an on-going conversation series in development, but not much more besides the mere start of an entirely new form of expression, because more is more! "I have been teaching myself to play the guitar which is hard and super rewarding. I wish I would have started in my pop punk phase," she  reveals. Creativity, we learn, is no more than a word with ambitious attempts to define all that defines us. "Any expression of self," Aba echoes. For herself, this comes from the heart, "really looking into [herself] and [her] experiences for inspiration."        Alpha Dia is the alpha dog of October, posing as the face of the autumnal month in our 2019 calendar featured in the forthcoming V117 issue on newsstands January 10th! Alpha Dia is the alpha dog of October, posing as the face of the autumnal month in our 2019 calendar featured in the forthcoming V117 issue on newsstands January 10th! Photography: Carin Backoff Styling: Anna Trevelyan  Text: Sadie Bell Rihanna made magic with SZA back in 2016 when she featured the then-emerging R&B crooner on her Anti album track "Consideration." Now, as 2017 comes to a close, the two artists have collaborated again, and everything is right in the world. SZA appears in Rihanna's latest Fenty Beauty campaign for her forthcoming line of Matte Moiselle lipsticks. On Wednesday, the brand took to Instagram to share the first picture of SZA posing for the collection, which drops on December 26. In a raw, simple photo profiling SZA from the shoulders up, the Ctrl singer wears a deep green lipstick dubbed "Midnight Wasabi," and she is seriously glowing. Bad Gal Riri shared a few more pictures of herself modeling the collection, too, this time donning a warm pink shade to contrast her debut photo in a dark navy. See SZA and Rihanna herself modeling the upcoming Matte Moiselle shades below.        Shade: #MIDNIGHTWASABI. | Hold your wigs! #MATTEMOISELLE comin’ 12/26.   A post shared by FENTY BEAUTY BY RIHANNA (@fentybeauty) on Dec 12, 2017 at 2:07pm PST            shade: #SPANKED #MATTEMOISELLE drops Dec. 26th at @fentybeauty @sephora and @harveynichols   A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 13, 2017 at 6:19am PST      Click through backstage images of the designer's runway prep for her fantastical FW19 show. Click through backstage images of the designer's runway prep for her fantastical FW19 show. Photography: Schohaja Text: Reshmi Kaur Oberoi 
On the cusp of spring, later sunsets are deceivingly masked by remnants of either winter snow or the preface to April showers. And yet fashion designer Mary Katrantzou able-handedly preempted confused weather reports in her F/W ‘19 showing in London - the birthplace of rain wear: from fluffy long overcoats to tailored blazers, the designer looked to natural elements for her color palette. 
Ranging from amber-sun hues to earthy coppers, the browning of fallen oxidized apples, and the majestic purple of nutcrackers marching out onto mantles; the collection was a display of kaleidoscopic proportions. Yet, Katrantzou’s penchant for an elemental color palette does not necessarily suggest a charged statement about climate change. According to Katrantzou, the collection was “inspired by Ionian philosophy,” as defined by Pre-Socratic Greek philosopher, Empedocles. That is to say, the designs were a color wheel of celestial bodies and elements earth, wind, fire and water suggest a transcendental theory on human creation. 
And while the Greek designer’s intellectual conceptualization initiated the editorial design process, the modernity and marketability side was not sidelined. In fact, she spearheaded a new trend: a return to times past - #ThrowbackThursday and #FlashbackFriday - a millennial phenomenon. Her play on popular music band, Earth, Wind, and Fire and 90s classic clip-on hair strands in a pastel-hued rainbow of colors that seem to be the perfect addition to those Easter baskets lining your local markets post- Valentines Day. 
The silhouettes were varied and ran the spectrum from shaggy sack-like organza jackets to chic blazer-collared duster coats without closures, tethered around the waist with a belt and layered underneath another cape-like overcoat that mythical sat atop the model’s shoulders. The hem of it was lined in the same textured tuft of its shapeless counterpart. 
Models sported both solid primary colors and an ombré effect in more tonal hues that according to Katrantzou, mimicked the transition from dawn to dusk. Jacquard intarsia textiles mimicked The Northern Lights. And while the profundity of Katrantzou’s aesthetic appears to academic creationism, the applicability was manifested in its trendy wear-ability, its colors and fabrics made to guard against the elements - no pun intended. The Swarovski crystals woven in the knits took her play on the figurative dawn to dusk into the literal with the capability of going from day to night. 
The looks were paired with an equally colorful cosmic array of Jimmy Choo pointy-toed footwear. And the models ranged from up-and-comer, Sara Grace Wallerstedt, to Natalia Vodianova who opened the show in bright yellow ostrich-feathered organza ruffles reminiscent to a headless Big Bird suit. While Katrantzou’s A/W ‘19 showing could get lost in space with all its different elements, Katrantzou managed to create a cohesive collection that translates her ideas into reality. She managed to pay homage to her Greek heritage and adapted British home, known for its weatherproof garments, with ease.   Showcasing his SS19 Collection during Milan Fashion Week, Guardini presented in alignment with Mercedes-Benz's International Designer Exchange Program for emerging designers. Showcasing his SS19 Collection during Milan Fashion Week, Guardini presented in alignment with Mercedes-Benz's International Designer Exchange Program for emerging designers. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
A leader in continuing the conversation surrounding the current state and future of fashion, Mercedes-Benz has created the International Designer Exchange Program. 
After launching into the electric mobility sphere with the very first Mercedes-Benz EQ vehicle, the platform has chosen a progressive and forward thinking designer in support of their international fashion initiative. During Milan Fashion Week, Tiziano Guardini presented his debut collection at the Le Cavallerizze, an exhibition space as part of the Leonardo da Vinci Science and Technology Museum. 
The collection, inspired by beach culture in Southern California, is an exploration of true summer garments with dresses, shorts, sleek denim, and enviable tie back sunglasses prancing down the green grassed runway. An eco-friendly focused designer, Guardini collaborated with the likes of ISKO Denim, Fulgar, Lampa, and Aquafil, each contributing sustainable technologies. 
The designer says, “I’m honored to be selected by Mercedes-Benz to participate in the International Designer Exchange Program. This has given me the chance to unveil my new collection on a prestigious stage. I think that as a fashion designer I have the responsibility to show that high-end quality and sophisticated design can definitely co-exist with a fully sustainable approach. I share the same vision with Mercedes-Benz, which is transforming the automotive world with the creation of high-end electric cars promoting a more eco-friendly type of mobility. We have the responsibility to think about our future in every aspect of our life.”  
With the support of Mercedes-Benz Fashion, it's moments like these that we remind ourselves that fashion is part of the larger landscape and picture, and that indeed, we need designers like Tiziano Guardini helming and creating fashion that holds a meaning beyond the vanity that's often rooted throughout the industry. 
Take a look at Guardini's debut runway collection below! 
                 The Marc Jacobs and Swedish brand Stutterheim prove more than fair-weather friends. The Marc Jacobs and Swedish brand Stutterheim prove more than fair-weather friends. Text: Czar Van Gaal When it rains, it pours. This week has seen back-to-back Marc Jacobs collabs: a pro-choice inspired hoodie collection starring Miley Cyrus, in addition to a new raincoat collaboration with Swedish brand Stutterheim. Fighting for women’s rights one day, and keeping us dry the next? Let’s just add MJ to the 2020 ballot.  Giving us Morton-Salt-Girl-but-make-it-luxury, The Marc Jacobs, the brand's essentials line, and Stutterheim, known for its signature A-line Mosebacke coat, released vibrant yellow and pale pink takes on the classic fisherwoman silhouette—poppy contrasts to the raincoat maker's quintessentially Scandinavian tagline, "Swedish melancholy at its driest." Bespoke touches like an embossed "New York" logo and American and Swedish flags reflect the collaboration's international flair. All you need is $450 and a chance of rain. See the lookbook below.    The space, the first for BODE, is akin to an old American modernist hotel lobby. The space, the first for BODE, is akin to an old American modernist hotel lobby. 
Menswear brand Bode just opened its very first flagship location in Manhattan. This past Monday the glitterati of New York descended onto Hester Street in the Lower East Side to celebrate the momentous occasion. 
Emily Adams Bode envisioned the store as a place where customers could have a relaxed and private shopping experience and take their time with the clothing. After selling out of her home and then studio for 3 years, she realized her clients enjoy an intimate shopping experience in a space that represents the ethos of the brand. The store is special for Emily, due to her background working retail at Isabel Marant and smaller boutiques in Lower Manhattan. 
A hand-painted fresco, chrome deco lighting fixtures, green billiards felt lining the dressing rooms are some of the standout details in the space. A key detail in the store is a hand-painted clay fountain from the 1890s that was reclaimed from a building in Chicago and built into the space in working order. The space will feature new collaborative furniture by Bode and Green River Project, like a mahogany rail car sofa with horse blanket upholstery and a dining chair to match. 
The store will stock a selection of one-of-a-kind garments made from historical and domestic textiles in menswear silhouettes, along with a selection of pieces from Bode's collections.        She may be the daughter of two acting dynamos, but her empowering roles prove Maya has talent that's all her own. She may be the daughter of two acting dynamos, but her empowering roles prove Maya has talent that's all her own. Photography: Ben Hassett Styling: Anna Trevelyan Text: Lisa Mischianti Memories of midday raves with a 19th-century dress code have Maya Hawke feeling rather nostalgic. “During lunch the first couple weeks of filming, we would go into one of our trailers, put on some heinous music, and dance and dance and dance in our full costumes, with petticoats,” Hawke recalls of being on set for the new BBC One adaptation of Louisa May Alcott’s beloved Civil War-era novel, Little Women. The series, which was released this past winter in the U.K. and will debut in the States this spring on PBS Masterpiece, features Hawke as the bold, clever, tomboyish Jo March—the fan favorite of the four sisters at the center of the narrative. It’s a role to which Hawke felt particularly connected, as Alcott’s book was among the first she read cover to cover as a kid struggling with dyslexia. “Jo’s strength inspired me to find mine,” says Hawke. When she landed the part, Hawke undertook still more extracurricular reading. She became fascinated with the famously independent-minded Alcott, whose own family is said to be the model for Little Women, and Jo a stand-in for Alcott herself. “There’s a book called Eden’s Outcasts that I read, and a book just called Louisa May Alcott that’s great. And I was reading a lot of Emerson and Thoreau to try to get a handle on the transcendentalist movement, and figure out what kind of thinking Louisa was growing up in and around,” explains Hawke. She also spent quality time with previous film adaptations of the novel, studying up on iconic portrayals of Jo delivered by famed actresses like June Allyson, Katharine Hepburn, and Winona Ryder. For her own performance, Hawke leaned into Jo’s somewhat less-celebrated traits. “Everyone knows that Jo is brave and opinionated and honest. But people also made fun of her for being too boyish, and too silly and awkward and bumbling. Those are the qualities I really wanted to illuminate,” she notes. “I wanted to feel her awkwardness, the things that made her an outcast and different, because those things are real and they need to live in her for her power to also live. They’re two sides of the same coin.” Post-Little Women, Hawke will move from one female-driven narrative to another: 2018’s Ladyworld. It’s been a pleasantly empowering introduction to the industry. “In the first two projects I’ve worked on professionally, I’ve been doing ensemble work with other young women, which I think is pretty cool. And they both were directed by and written by women. It’s been a wonderful experience of real ensemble support and women lifting each other up, and I feel really lucky for that,” she says. As for her ongoing film education, that will continue from watching works like Paper Moon; Nashville; Paris, Texas; and Margaret, most of which come recommended by her parents, actors Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke. “I’ve been sitting at the grown-ups table my whole life,” Maya quips. “So I’ve always been watching those kinds of movies, even if sometimes someone’s hands were over my ears!  The Italian designer’s newest collection is an expressive celebration of the color blue. The Italian designer’s newest collection is an expressive celebration of the color blue. Photography: Schohaja Text: Emma Li 
Giorgio Armani’s latest Milan Fashion Week show followed Emporio Armani’s collection, making use of Armani/Silos’ exhibition area to reinforce the designer’s creative philosophy. The reflective runway was highlighted with streaks of blue neon lights, representing the accents that appear throughout the collection. 
The men were fitted in tailored suits as per Armani’s signature aesthetic. Hints of utility wear appeared in the form of goggles while the womenswear continued off from last season’s offering of more ornamentation as seen in accessories and details. 
The dominating evening wear looks were contoured in peplum, bows, and ruffles on collars and handbags. Velvet and leather pieces offered a contrast of textures that differentiated the otherwise united color scheme. 
The collection’s palette was set against soft twilight colors of indigo and violet and transitioned into the calm spectrum of a night sky, featuring pieces of Prussian blue to lighter shades of cerulean blue. 
The walk’s steady and leisurely pace neared its end as Armani walked hand in hand with a model in a dark evening gown. The duo’s outfits were a cohesive conclusion to closing off the evening. 
Follow us backstage for a view of the evening’s looks:   Members of the Class of 2018 jammed out with V and Uniqlo U. Members of the Class of 2018 jammed out with V and Uniqlo U.   Designer Sami Miro has launched her first official collection under her namesake brand. Designer Sami Miro has launched her first official collection under her namesake brand. Text: AJ Longabaugh         
After gaining an established following with her original designs and catching the eyes of Bella Hadid, Kylie Jenner, Kaia Gerber, Kendall Jenner, Hailey Bieber, and many more, designer and entrepreneur Sami Miro has officially launched Sami Miro Vintage's first "cut and sew" collection. Titled "ECOTERROR", this inaugural collection is crafted entirely of recycled and vintage fabrics, bringing the style mogul's brand and its mission to new heights. 
“Our one-of-one reconstructed vintage pieces were only an introduction to the Sami Miro Vintage vision,” says Sami. “And now, with our first collection, you can see the spark of our brand identity.” She continues, “Pushing eco-conscious boundaries is the foundation of Sami Miro Vintage and ECOTERROR encompasses that initiative. Enrooted by the radical environmentalist movement from the 1960’s, ECOTERROR eludes to our prominent support for the betterment of our planet.” 
Feeling more current than ever, this successful co-ed collection is made up of modernly sleek and wearably sexy nostalgic staples, creating a roster that includes denim, spaghetti straps, tees, blazers, skirts, and more. Considering giving your bestie or yourself the gift of fashion this holiday season? Join Sami Miro and the ECOTERROR movement as we wrap up 2018 and beyond. 
Peep Sami Miro Vintage's ECOTERROR collection below, and head to SamiMiroVintage.com to snag your new favorite fit:           With the launch of Eternity Air by Calvin Klein, V interviews multi-faceted talent Liya Kebede and gets her take on love, philanthropy, and virtue. With the launch of Eternity Air by Calvin Klein, V interviews multi-faceted talent Liya Kebede and gets her take on love, philanthropy, and virtue. Text: Stella Pak 
The evolution of the Eternity fragrance narrative went from the love of a woman and man to the love for their child that lives independent of this union – breaking apart the visual traditions of love and marriage. How did you feel delivering a modern love message through Eternity by Calvin Klein? 
I thought it was a really original concept and a very wonderful idea to talk about today, to represent a different story that maybe hasn’t been told a lot. I loved the way it was artistically executed in a sense that you couldn’t really tell if the family was together, not together, does it matter? Love is eternal and it keeps going. 
What are your ideas of modern love? 
I don’t know if it’s modern love. Love is love. I’m saying that because it’s one of those things… there’s that saying that “there’s nothing new under the sun and we’re just discovering the old as new”. It’s a bit like that. Love is eternal and it’s all in the way we experience it. 
What is the evolution of Eternity Air from its original from the Eternity fragrance? 
Eternity Air – like its name is quite airy in a way. It’s very light, it’s very fresh, and it’s very soft. There’s a pureness to it. It feels like sky. 
Throughout your career, you’ve been an advocate for maternal healthcare in Africa. What was the moment that sparked the beginnings of your passion?  
I started working on the philanthropic side about 10 years ago when I had my kids in New York. Coming from a country-like Ethiopia where women dying from childbirth is a very normal phenomenon, it just made sense to me to represent that crowd. I had the opportunity to become a Goodwill Ambassador. From there, we evolved to start our own foundation and work closely with organizations and do projects to make a difference. Now we’re evolving again and connecting it with Lemlem to connect all of our Lemlem customers to the work that we do in our foundation and to marry the two. At the same time, extend the opportunities to the communities we work with for Lemlem. 
Since launching Lemlem, what are some of the social evolutions you’ve noticed in the communities? 
I think working with the women was an incredible experience for them and for us. They’ve evolved with us. We’ve evolved with them. And found a path in the middle where we’re walking hand-in-hand in. I think that they have been really happy about learning about all the demands we ask of them, whether it’s the way we put clothes together or whether we’re working with shapes that they haven’t done before and us, being inspired by the craftsmanship that they know how to do. Finding that nice balance is incredible. We’ve grown quite a lot since we started. We have almost 200 people working now. Their lives have improved a lot. It’s helping bring back the weaving back in trend even locally, which I think is wonderful. And they gain the appreciation that they deserve for the work and skills that they have. 
From modeling to advocacy and acting in the film – Desert Flower, that deals with genital mutilation of a Somalian woman, your commitment to pushing the narrative on women’s health is stronger and stronger. What can we expect next? 
I guess there’s always going to be more. I think I’m working on expanding Lemlem right now. I finished Fashion Week in Paris, which was hectic and intense. We just launched Men’s for Lemlem as well, which is very exciting. We have a collaboration launching in June that I’m obsessed with so that will be here soon. So there’s a lot going on at Lemlem so that’s very satisfying as well as we continue to grow. 
You seemed to have found the formula on how to merge different areas of your interest into your career. Any tips for those who are just starting to discover their passions and voice? 
I think listening to your gut. Your gut will always show you the right way. 
Who would you consider a hero? 
I think there are a lot of heroes out there on different scales so it’s kind of hard to pick one. There are battles to be won everywhere. What you do for yourself or for others… there is heroism in all of us I think. 
What is the greatest virtue that should last an Eternity? 
Compassion.   Because who doesn't play telephone in their designer underwear? Because who doesn't play telephone in their designer underwear? Text: Tess Garcia 
Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, Kendall, and Kylie are back for their second Calvin Klein campaign under the creative direction of Raf Simons. 
This morning, the brand revealed that the Internet's most ubiquitous sisters have returned to star in its fall 2018 underwear and jeans campaigns. The black-and-white photos merge CK's Americana aesthetic with the unique brand of sex appeal that made the Kardashian-Jenner girls famous. The result is a portfolio of 16 images that manage to make picnic chic feel sultry. 
According to Fashionista, the shoot took place during March, meaning Khloé's baby bump is on full display. Kylie, on the other hand, flaunts a perfectly-toned tummy in the photos, just months after giving birth to baby Stormi. 
Staying on-theme with the sisters' previous campaign, within which they played "Never Have I Ever," the new campaign video features all five sisters, clad in different combinations of Calvin Klein undergarments, partaking in a classic game of telephone. Birds chirp softly in the background as they whisper to one another, occasionally letting out a candid giggle. 
[embed]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDjInfbsMPs[/embed] 
Given the fam's notoriously dirty sense of humor (looking at you, Khloé), we're impressed that they kept it PG for such an open-ended activity. Check out all of the images from the campaign below.   The superstar and the classic brand are teaming up once again. The superstar and the classic brand are teaming up once again. Text: Emma Blanchard Selena Gomez makes a stunning return to Coach for the launch of their Spring 2018 collection. For the sultry new campaign, Coach called upon the talents of photographer Steven Meisel,  makeup artist Pat McGrath and stylist Karl Templer to bring creative director Stuart Vevers's vision to life. “Creative Director Stuart Vevers makes New York feel like a town, a real community,” Gomez said in a statement to Billboard. “It just feels like this is where the brand really lives." Vevers himself added, "Whilst Selena has a warmth that’s special -- there is also an authenticity and realness to her that brings the campaign to life.” Gomez, who returns as the face of Coach for her second campaign, is pictured in gorgeous images as well as a short film featuring her new single "Wolves" featuring Marshmello. The campaign as a whole is based around a quintessential New York loft with a stunning skyline view, where Gomez elegantly poses on the fire escape. With the city that never sleeps as her backdrop, Selena brings a newfound energy and sultriness to the brand while still embodying classic Coach vibes. Check out the stellar new video and image below!   The fashion brand has unveiled the first piece from its collection, a sophisticated handbag named "Jitney". The fashion brand has unveiled the first piece from its collection, a sophisticated handbag named "Jitney". Photography: Brett Lloyd Text: Julian Wright 
Off-White has considerable experience in accessories. Industrial belts and fanny packs have had some added action on the runway and the streets thanks to the brand. This Pre-Fall season, Virgil Abloh's fashion label has returned with another take on a classic staple: the Jitney Bag. 
This bag, the first item we've seen from Off-White's incoming collection, is inspired by the Hampton Jitney bus line. It calls upon the line's universality - individuals from an array of social backgrounds rely on it to get to the same place. It's that spirit of eclecticism that the brand and the bag hope to highlight with the Jitney. 
Coming in six different styles, ranging from calf leather to a distorted checkered print, the bag can bring its sophisticated aesthetic to a variety of looks. No matter the color or print, it always features its signature turning metallic arrow buckle and a discrete strap. 
The Jitney will be available online starting June 14th. Take a look at the campaign photo set below. 
                     Bringing back the "Ball of the Century", Dior hosted the Tiepolo Ball in Venice: a night filled with glamor, extravagance and celebrity to honor the brand's legacy. Bringing back the "Ball of the Century", Dior hosted the Tiepolo Ball in Venice: a night filled with glamor, extravagance and celebrity to honor the brand's legacy. Text: Julian Wright The Tiepolo Ball was first thrown in 1951 by Charles de Beistegui, a world famous art collector. The party is known as the "Ball of the Century," showcasing opulence of the highest scale at Venice's Palazzo Labia. Salvador Dali and Christian Dior attended the original Tiepolo Ball, both of whom designed gowns for the occasion. This year, Dior threw its own Tiepolo Ball, ending its 68-year hiatus. The house brought back the art of lavish party-throwing, timed to coincide with the Venice Biennale opening. Much like the original event, Dior creatively contributed through some custom-made gowns. To celebrate the ties between the fashion house and the event, Dior's Maria Grazia Chiuri worked with two Venetian houses, Bevilacua and Rubelli, to adorn the party guests with a handful of dresses. It wouldn't be the first time for Chiuri to work with local artisans, as she did the same on the brand's recent decampment to Marrakech for the Cruise 2020 show. Those guests included the likes of Karlie Kloss, Sienna Miller and Monica Bellucci. Masqueraded individuals, stilted dancers and decked out dining tables, covered in floral centerpieces, candelabras and decadent food greeted ball-goers upon arrival. The "Ball of the Century" surely made quite a comeback. You can watch a recap of the Dior Tiepolo Ball above.  Alexander-Julian Gibbson and Yaroslav Klochkov teamed up to let us live our creepiest Moscow fantasies. Alexander-Julian Gibbson and Yaroslav Klochkov teamed up to let us live our creepiest Moscow fantasies. Text: Angelica Manos During the mega high-fashion, chic week that is Russian Fashion Week, Alexander-Julian Gibbson teamed up with photographer, Yaroslav Klochkov, to capture Moscow's "decadence and whimsy—with an eerie twist" at the Metropol Hotel. All scenes feature models in hauntingly beautiful looks and extravagant accessories made by Russian designers that were showcased during MBFW Russia. Take a look.  Chanel takes Shelter Island with the J12 Yacht Club to celebrate the rebirth of their iconic watch. Chanel takes Shelter Island with the J12 Yacht Club to celebrate the rebirth of their iconic watch. Text: Isabelle Zola 
Saturday may have been the hottest day of the year so far, but Chanel refused to let a little heatwave get in the way of celebration. The brand took to the Shelter Island Sound to celebrate the rebirth of the J12 watch with the J12 Yacht Club. After an activity-filled day, they hosted a dinner at the Sunset Beach Hotel when the scorching weather subsided by the ocean but the heat returned when the hot list of A-list celebrities, actors, artists, musicians, and influencers arrived by boat at the event, ending the day by a special performance by Billie Eilish. 
VIP attendees were immersed in Chanel’s interpretation of seaside living while enjoying the shade under branded umbrellas, chilled summer water in custom coolers, and Chanel surfboards, badminton and ping pong. The J12 Yacht Club was inspired by the J-Class racing yachts which served as the original muse of the Chanel J12 watch.  The guests were invited to explore the J12 watch collection at the Sunset Beach Boutique during their activity-filled day.  
As the weather cooled down, guests enjoyed a dinner as they watched the sailboat silhouettes pass in the sunset. To cap off the night, guests—including Phoebe Tonkin, Soo Joo Park, Maude Apatow, Camila Morrone, Pom Klementieff, Poppy Delevingne, Gucci Westman, and Rachel Zoe (just to name a few)—enjoyed an exclusive performance by Billie Eilish, bringing an end to the day. 
 
The J12 Yacht Club at Sunset Beach will be open to the public through today, so go check it out. In the meantime, take a look at some of the moments captured at the event below.       The two symbols of British culture release a collection fusing punk and tradition. The two symbols of British culture release a collection fusing punk and tradition. Behold, Burberry x Vivienne Westwood. Can you think of anything more British? Revealing their new collaboration, the two designers have released a shared campaign shot by David Sims, in which we see a pool of references to British iconography from Burberry’s vintage check to the UK’s face of grace, Kate Moss. Alongside these calls to classics are highlights to a new class, exemplifying what Burberry’s creative director, Riccardo Tisci, describes as a “union of punk and tradition.” Sistren, a trio of self-described “sisterfriends” who run a podcast fostering the narrative of queer black women, star in the campaign opposite moss, wearing mini kilts and berets from the collection. Musician, Leonard Emmanuel sports a T-shirt reading “Cool Earth has a plan to save the rainforest.” nodding to the nonprofit organization that the collab will donate proceeds to. The collab offers pieces from printed tights and patent platforms to high-waisted trousers and silk twill shirts, all decorated in Burberry’s classic check, with Westwood’s signature punk attitude.   V chatted with Alexander Vreeland about his grandmother's legacy, the Diana Vreeland fragrance collection, and the new short film celebrating the icon. V chatted with Alexander Vreeland about his grandmother's legacy, the Diana Vreeland fragrance collection, and the new short film celebrating the icon. Text: AJ Longabaugh When examining the trajectory of visionaries both artistic and editorial alike, no legacy seems to out shine or match that of icon Diana Vreeland. A powerhouse in every aspect of her life, Vreeland embodied what it means to fiercely exude elegance and influence, aspiring a standard of excellence with her work and establishing timeless candor and ideals that remain ever-relevant today. V chatted with Vreeland's grandson Alexander about the Diana Vreeland fragrance collection, his grandmother's legacy, and the new short film celebrating the icon. What is the story behind this collection of fragrances? My grandmother believed in the power of dreams, defied all rules, and revolutionized everything she touched. This collection is a celebration of her life, passion and genius. We work with incredible perfumers who select the finest ingredients to create luxurious, unique scents with a long life on skin. The titles of the fragrances are iconic words and phrases your grandmother is known for. Was it difficult to narrow down which signature statements to use? The collection is based on two foundations:  her love of color and her unique selection of words.  My grandmother would often leave people breathless with her fabulous ideas and proclamations. Each of the fragrances pays tribute to her iconic use of language, such as Simply Divine and Daringly Different! What characteristics of your grandmother Diana Vreeland do you find most alive in the fragrances? Her first statement when she started at Harper’s Bazaar, in 1936, was a series of columns called “Why Don’t You?”  I believe that “Why Don’t You?!” really encapsulate my grandmother’s spirit and her belief that in life, absolutely anything is possible. Can you describe the type of women these fragrances are made for? A woman with a point of view. The new campaign film is quite elegant, witty, and chic. Can you tell what inspired this style of film? We worked with Will Kim Creative. Will is an extremely talented creative director that my wife, Lisa Immordino Vreeland, worked with on her film on Cecil Beaton and her series for M2M. We wanted to have a fresh eye on our brand story and wanted someone who could re-interpret the stories behind 5 of our favorite fragrances and bring them to life. We are very happy with the result. What can we expect next that will continue Diana Vreeland’s iconic legacy? More fragrances perhaps? We launched with a fragrance collection but think that my grandmother’s legacy is far broader.  We have just launched an amazing collection of candles.  Which is the perfect gift.  We want to expand into different categories of beauty.  Are you ready for Diana Vreeland lipstick?  Kim and Kanye welcome their fourth child via a surrogate. Kim and Kanye welcome their fourth child via a surrogate. Text: Harshvardhan Shah  Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West welcomed their fourth baby to join their daughters North and Chicago and son Saint West today, as the media mogul/makeup matron revealed on Twitter earlier this afternoon. "He's here and he's perfect!" the tweet read.  The delivery wasn't completely a surprise; Kim's older sister hinted at the imminence of the rapper and mogul's fourth child. Kourtney Kardashian recently appeared on the Ellen show and announced that her sister was supposed to join her but couldn't because the surrogate was in labor. Their mom/manager/momager, Kris Jenner, was not aware of this and was surprised to hear the news. Jenner is a grandmother via her other children, too: Kourtney is a mother of three, while Kylie, Rob and Khloé each have one child. https://twitter.com/KimKardashian/status/1126880574260441088  There are definitely questions about the baby's name and we can’t wait to see what the couple comes up with. In January, Kim Kardashian West shared on her social media that she had been looking for Armenian boys' names as a nod to her family's heritage but hadn't found anything of interest, keeping both her fans and social media pryers guessing as to where she'll pull her next inspiration from. If her other recent tweets are any indication, it'll have something to do with the Mugler dress she wore to the Met Gala earlier this week, or her latest drop for KKW beauty. As city names and cardinal directions seem to have already been taken by older siblings North and Chi, we're certain it'll be something original. Watch this space for further updates on all things Kardashian-West name-related.   London celebrates the creator of the miniskirt, Mary Quant, and the cultural icons who showed their legs in her creations. London celebrates the creator of the miniskirt, Mary Quant, and the cultural icons who showed their legs in her creations. Text: Paul Madley 
Few designers can be so specifically tied to their time periods as Mary Quant. Known for liberating the young (and their knees) with her pioneering of miniskirts, London’s Victoria and Albert Museum celebrates the mod icon with a new design retrospective. As the story goes, Quant rose to prominence in the 1960s. As a young designer, she was at the forefront of the British youth movement, which exploded with the breakdown of the English class system. 
Quant is credited as the inventor of the miniskirt and her work revolutionized the fashion industry, as it's said that “Quant raised hemlines and liberated the young." Quant had huge success with her independent boutique Bazaar, diffusion line Ginger, and with a range of capsule collections for the US retail giant J.C. Penny. 
Everyone wanted a piece of Quant. To support her US success, a national marketing campaign was launched featuring live models, late-night chat shows, and an actual red London bus. Within a few years, Quant's business grew quickly and she became the go-to designer for the youth du jour. 
Miniskirts and minidresses were quickly adopted as fashion staples but were seen by many as controversial and inappropriate clothing for a young lady. Model Jean Shrimpton made front-page news in 1965 when she wore a white ‘minidress’ to Melbourne's Carnival Cup, the public was outraged that her dress was 5 inches above the knee (quite modest in comparison to today's minis). From Chanel to Versace, from Twiggy to Christina Aguilera, high hemlines have been celebrated and reinvented by the best of the best. 
We pay homage to Mary Quant's designs by looking at the best miniskirts and short dresses of all time. Click through the slideshow below to see our full roundup.  
33  Italian designer Giuliano Calza created a world "where boys can wear pink and girls can desire sex." Italian designer Giuliano Calza created a world "where boys can wear pink and girls can desire sex." Text: Zoe Elefterin 
The lights went up, the sliding doors opened, and GCDS rang in their Fall 2019 collection in Milan with a glittering golden leotard with an asymmetrical, puffy sleeve and houndstooth tights. The hair was big, and the brand wasn’t taking any liberties with branding; the GCDS logo was everywhere. It was copiously displayed in the form of a belt buckle, a hair clip, and emblazoned all over furry gloves and scarves and a fuzzy robe and basically every accessory you could imagine.  
Starting the show with rich, caramel browns and pinks, there was a retro gangster vibe that was only driven further by bangle bracelets decorated in dollar signs. Designer Giuliano Calza is never afraid of campiness, which was evident in certain pieces like a purple furry stole in the shape of a snake, topped off with a tongue fashioned out of costume pearls and even a Donald Duck shearling men’s jacket. 
A shiny, pink, two-piece double breasted cropped jacket and skirt in a wood grain pattern with bright gold buttons was an emblematic piece at the beginning of the show, ushering in uber-feminine silhouettes paired with an actual collaboration with Polly Pocket on some flashy boots, and towering pink hair. There was even an iconic red and pink jacket that read “Girls Desire Sex” on the back. 
Halfway through, the music changed, and the “Flowers Blossom From the Darkness”. The initial black, white, and red color palette made things a bit Beetlejuice-y, especially with a dramatic, blood stained minidress, some latex bodysuits, and even a prosthetic spine poking through on one model’s back. 
In a press release, GCDS summed it all up: “In this perpetual game of mystery, the youthfulness vanishes under the stress of social norms, and transmutes into demonic lenses to look through, in order to discover the beauty that blossoms out of the cracks.” 
   Procter allows Lagerfeld's vision to live on in these pages. Procter allows Lagerfeld's vision to live on in these pages. Styling: Angelica Manos 
Simon Procter, influential photographer and artist, presents LAGERFELD: THE CHANEL SHOWS. The 108-page book showcases ten years of Karl Lagerfeld's spectacular tenure at Chanel, documenting the house's most influential fashion shows, which Procter shot. 
Karl Lagerfeld was an iconic creative designer, fashion designer, and artist who was the creative director of Chanel for 36 years. Lagerfeld was known for reinventing the brand created by Gabrielle Chanel. Shortly after Lagerfeld's passing, Alain Wertheimer, CEO of Chanel, said, “Thanks to his creative genius, generosity and exceptional intuition, Karl Lagerfeld was ahead of his time, which widely contributed to the House of CHANEL’s success throughout the world. 
Procter captured the energy that Lagerfeld had put into each Chanel runway show throughout the past decade, conceptualizing the "can-you-top-this level of sophistication and originality." A statement explained, "To capture the energy of these events, Procter, who received unprecedented access from Lagerfeld and Chanel, recreates the epic sets—from a luscious forest scene to a rocket launch—combining multiple photographs to illustrate in a single still the many perspectives of the intense but fleeting spectacle. The resulting studies transcend the artform into-complex painting-like tableaux." Procter gives his audience a vision not just of the showstopping runways, but also sharing his relationship with Lagerfeld and shares with readers his, "great sense of humor and humility." 
Procter's book allows Lagerfeld's archetypal vision that created House of Chanel, to live on in coveted pages. 
LAGERFELD: THE CHANEL SHOWS is available now via Rizzoli  Meet the L.A. based boutique owner and designer creating clothes on her own terms. Meet the L.A. based boutique owner and designer creating clothes on her own terms. Text: Danielle Combs 
As the owner of L.A.’s hippest boutique, ShopSuperStreet, Lucy Blair Akin, has been steadily changing California’s fashion landscape by stocking street-savvy brands like Lorod, Hyein Seo, Sandy Liang and Area. With a bustling boutique under her belt, Akin is now forging a new path and carving out her very first clothing line, Ciao Lucia. 
Taking her inspiration from the girl on eternal vacation, Ciao Lucia, embodies the spirit of Paris, Cannes, London, and Rome—where in Italy she was christened with the nickname Lucia. Each garment produced possesses an air of coolness, dainty feminine details and are made for the girl who thrives on the beach, taking strolls, and having dinner with companions. From pink shell dresses that flow with ease to gingham tops and romantic skirts, Ciao Lucia, is poised to be one of the next brand’s to watch out for in the New Year. 
In an exclusive interview with V, Akin sat down with us to discuss her burgeoning clothing line. 
When did you realize you wanted to become a fashion designer? Was it something you had always dreamt of?  
I think it was a childhood dream that I never took seriously as I got older. I felt that I didn’t have the qualifications or skills. Shop Super Street helped me build my confidence up and I started making clothes on the side as a hobby. I put a few pieces in the store and they automatically sold out so I knew I was on to something! 
How did growing up in San Francisco enhance or shape the way you perceive fashion?  
San Francisco was such a wonderful city to grow up in. It was such a melting pot of all different types of people and there was so much culture and arts. The city itself is such a physically beautiful city - my best memories are working at an Italian restaurant as a hostess on the bay. It was such a dreamy city to grow up in. I wouldn’t describe San Francisco as the most fashionable city in the world but I think I learned a lot about style that way. People dress for necessity there - hiking, sailing, cold days and even chillier night. It’s changed a lot since I was little but I hold it in a special place in my heart. 
When and how was your line conceived?  
I conceived the line when I was sick in bed watching Great Expectations (the version with Ethan Hawke and Gwyneth Paltrow). The costumes in the movie were all by Donna Karen and I wanted them for myself so badly. It inspired me to start sketching in bed and by the end of my sick weekend, I had a collection that I needed to make. 
How would you describe your design aesthetic?  
My design aesthetic is very fun. It’s about sexy pieces that any girl can wear. I love working with metallic fabrics, prints... I love silk voiles that get softer the more you wear them. I think my pieces have a no-fuss quality to them but they always come in a loud fabric. 
What is the meaning behind your label’s name “Ciao Lucia”?  
Lucia was my nickname in college! I studied Italian and we all had to pick out our Italian names and mine just stuck after awhile. I lived in Rome for a summer and that’s when I became “Lucia”. 
What is your design process like?  
I usually start with a lot of vintage references and then I go on a fabric buy and I let the fabrics tell me what styles they want to be. Fabric appointments are my favorite part of the process. We have a huge office vote as to what will be look the best and how many people would want to wear the style. 
I admire the ethereal and dreamy quality your holiday collection encompasses. What was the inspiration behind it?  
Our holiday collection was an expansion on our metallic theme. I love a metallic fabric. It shows up on camera so well and it makes people ask “who is that girl wearing that amazing outfit!”. 
What type of girl do you envision wearing your line?  
I think it’s any girl. Old and young - but definitely a girl who is fun, not too serious, and fiercely independent. Our entire first lookbook was about a girl on vacation by herself. 
Where do you get your inspiration from? And has CA changed the way your perceive style?  
Most of my inspirations come from French New Wave film. I think the women in those movies were such inspirations – fashionable, effortless, and had lots of depth to them. I studied French New Wave while I lived in Paris and it opened up a lot of inspiration for me.   Her message may have flopped to some, but the clothes were on point. Her message may have flopped to some, but the clothes were on point. Photography: Schohaja Text: Jack Reilly 
American actress Rose McGowan joined other activists in this year’s Vivienne Westwood RTW Fall 2019 show. To even call it a fashion show feels misinformed. The collection was showcased in an old church and was much more of a social justice performance featuring graphic designs, point proving pieces, and a humanized Pinocchio. 
The much-respected British designer is known for pushing boundaries and bringing important concepts and messages to life through her designs. This year, the focus was evidently climate change, complete with a variety of speeches touching on consumerism by the activists modeling the clothes.  
Never one to shy from expressing her opinions publicly, some are saying that this show might not have been the most effective due to the contradicting messages. To play Vivienne’s advocate; regardless of the alleged hypocrisy, at least she is presenting something of substance. She is already wildly successful, and maybe this collection was simply about the message. Many designers do not talk about issues like this as blatantly as she has. With topics like this one becoming more and more pressing, we have to applaud Vivienne for using her platform to shine light on an important point. 
So which is it? A message that may have flopped or an important moment in fashion? We will let you decide for yourself. But regardless of what you choose, you can’t deny that the collection is incredibly unique and well crafted. It included beautiful topcoats, on-brand non-conforming styling, and graffiti-covered layers topped off with a graphic phallus t-shirt. 
   Look no further for your summer-bag fix. Look no further for your summer-bag fix. Text: Tess Garcia In need of a summer bag upgrade? If you have $895 to spare, Prada can help. The Italian luxury label went back to its archives for fall 2018, debuting Fluo, a collection of their signature nylon bags in three whimsical new colors: peachy red, Barbie pink, and an eye-catching neon green, all reminiscent of your favorite elementary school highlighter set. Now available online, Fluo's offerings include a padded nylon tote, a one-shoulder backpack, a large clutch, and a standard-sized clutch in fuss-free silhouettes that keep color in the spotlight. Cop your favorite piece from the collection here.  James Long takes the brand down a dark Disney route with the latest collection James Long takes the brand down a dark Disney route with the latest collection Text: Mayzie Hopkins 
"We imagined Snow White going a bit wild after eating the apple," said creative director of Iceberg, James Long. The sport meets fashion brand was one of the first leading voices in merging the two forms of dress into what is now referred to as athleisure wear. And at Milan Fashion Week this year, Long followed that tradition by continuing to push the rules of sportswear and writing new ones along the way. 
Knee high and lace-up boots were worn with bike shorts, windbreakers, and bomber jackets with a print that conjures up imagery of the 80s and carpets, such as the one the models were walking on. Blazers with sweatpants, dangling earrings, thick belts and chains along with the stark all-white outfits are a clear example that although the foundation of these looks belong to the work-out section, Iceberg is deliberately breaking out of that mould- and trying to confuse you. 
The finale pieces did just that and more. Long saved all of the color and Snow White logos until the end. Sweaters with The Evil Queen's face printed on and Grumpy acted as an introduction to the second phase of the show, which was full of vinyl red tracksuits, pink trenchcoats, sweaters, and two-pieces. Punk mixed with sports suits Iceberg well.   A part of Mercedes-Benz's #WeWonder campaign, writer and "thought-maker" Kimberly Drew speaks with V about the power of equity, Serena Williams, activism, and what responsibility looks like in the age of the internet. A part of Mercedes-Benz's #WeWonder campaign, writer and "thought-maker" Kimberly Drew speaks with V about the power of equity, Serena Williams, activism, and what responsibility looks like in the age of the internet. Text: AJ Longabaugh Can you tell me how Mercedes Benz approached your or how that relationship started? Certainly. I was on a plane when I got the email and I was so excited because I felt like it was an opportunity to do something that felt a little bit out of my comfort zone because I was one of the first people that was part of the collective and so I got the least amount of details. I am such a control freak and want to know everything so it’s kind of like, “okay, you gotta just submit to this moment because everybody who is involved in this is so good”. And, of course, everyone is just a huge fan of Mercedes-Benz and all of their initiatives, so I was just kind of like, let’s see where this takes me. And as the group came together, I was totally blown away. It's very surreal how super of group group it is and that it's come together in such an important moment in time. I can’t remember a campaign that has felt so timely.  And I think that that’s really a credit of the people who have built it. It’s such an interesting moment where I think people are really finding a particular courage to speak up and to be who they are, and not even in a political sense, but really as an articulation of self. And, so, to have the group of people that were selected with each uniquely bold personalities, it has been such a treat. I’ve been reading a lot of your writing and I think you have such a significant and inspired voice. It’s very individual, but also it draws empathy and not in a way where it’s forced or manipulative. Can you tell me about a piece or body of work that inspires your love of written word? At this stage, I think what I love to write is profiles. When it comes to profiles, I definitely love to read Jenna Wortham's profiles the most because I talk to her every day and it’s such a gift to know someone who is so kind, and I think that her writing really communicates the way that she listens and the way that she watches people. Also Carvell Wallace has a fantastic profile and actually, when I was preparing to write the Tina Knowles profile, I reread his profile in GQ on Mahershala Ali and Columbia School Journalism did an interview with him about writing that profile and reading that process was really illuminating because he, very strategically, was interested in just jumping into the conversation directly. I feel like a lot of times as writers, we get worked up about how to engage and he just asks about the kids. You know, it’s changed the way that I interact with my subjects. In the world of poetry, I’m really into Morgan Parker. When I wrote for i-D about the status of the art world and my frustration with the way that I’m interviewed, I was thinking about her poetry and specifically, her “Now More Than Ever” poem. Let’s just call things what they are and not feel like you have to be living a double life in order to articulate yourself. I would say that those are the most important ones to me right now. How do you utilize social media as a form of self-expression, and how do you express yourself offline? I’ll start first with offline. I think recently I have changed my general strategy in terms of what my internet/social media imprint looks like. I realize now now that “influencer” is such a loaded term. And I’ve been talking to my partner about this and he's really helped me to gain a better understanding by saying, “You’re not an influencer. You’re a thought leader.” Taking  on that role has meant me being more thoughtful and also willing to be funny. I got to a point with influencer-ship where I was wrapped up in perfection and I wasn’t posting memes anymore because I work in social media, so it’s not just for fun. It’s never just a callous thing, I put a lot of thought into everything that goes up and I realize that I was just overthinking it. So recently, I’ve been trying to find a healthy balance between being responsible because I have followers who are 6 and also have followers who are 60. Offline I try to spend as much time as I can with the people that mean the most to me. In early 2017, I was having a really rough time between work and going through a bad breakup, and a lot of things in my life just felt really out of control. It reminded me how good of people I have in my world. So, my offline time is really just really spending a lot of time with my friends who are a mirror. My friends who inspire me, my friends who keep me grounded, and will cook me a meal, and that is a totally different beat than what’s online. I have so many friends who are doing social in a professional capacity so we share things, but it’s really nice when we get together it's phones down, eyes up, and real connection. I think authenticity is such a beautiful thing and I think a lot of times we like to call out things that don’t feel authentic. Can you talk to me about  how equity in the age of social media is created and consumed? Equity in the age of social media. So, to return to the idea of being a thought leader over an influencer... I did a panel for the Mercedes-Benz #WeWonder campaign in Austin, and from the moment that I was selected for the group, I really wanted Mama Cāx to be a part of anything that I was doing because looking at her work specifically, is the direction that I hope we all start to go towards. Because with Cāx, she’s giving you glamour, but she’s also giving you critical thinking and she’s also such an important voice in terms of activism and specifically thinking about the rights and privileges that disabled people deserve and are not being granted in our current political climate. It’s really a global issue. My theme in the #WeWonder campaign initially was: equality. It’s important to start with that, and I find equality to be difficult because I equality is a part of the same symptoms that sets us back. I think especially in the feminist movement, we want the same thing as men, but I don’t want the same thing as men and I don’t want to play by the rules that set it up so men are the dominant class, right? I feel like equity is great because it’s something that is both retrospective and future-forward. It’s thinking about where we've come from and also where we’re going together. Mama Cāx is person who is always thinking about community and always thinking about how to bring people along, so whenever I get an opportunity to sing her praises, I do. I think there’s such a power in that there’s ownership behind equity, but more importantly responsibility. Can you talk to me about activism in the age of social media, and what you think is successful social activism and how it reaches people on any platform?  This is a tough one, right? Because I think a lot about where we all come together and that I have pretty serious social anxiety, it doesn’t look like it, but I have difficulty going to marches. I have difficulty showing up in those particular ways, so when I think about social media activism, for me it’s safer space. I say safer very strategically as opposed to “safe space” because I think “safe space” is bullshit. I feel like a lot more people are figuring out how to raise awareness for issues, and I believe very firmly in the power of that. Or maybe, you could ask a small group of people their opinion on something and everyone would be totally torn on the issue and I respect that too. I really appreciate the figures who are making sure that people know what causes to get behind so they know what to do at the ballot box. I think that that’s incredibly important and shouldn’t be overlooked because not everyone can do the marching, which in reality that shit’s really unsafe. I believe in the power of awareness. What is your sign and do you see any traits that are written in the stars?  Yes! Can you guess? Are you a... Leo?  Yes [laughs]. Really?! I didn’t even look up your birthday, I swear.   Isn’t it sickening, though [laughing]? Yes! It is. I’m a Taurus. Can you describe some of the traits aligned with being a Leo that you identify with, if any at all?  I love astrology. Can I just tell you Slick and I are both Leos and are a day apart. It makes so much sense, it really does. Um, cause she’s the love of my life. I'm 100% a Leo. It’s interesting, because I’m a Pisces rising, which keeps me… tolerable, and Taurus moon. I am so deeply Leo, it’s ridiculous. I see Leo as a sign of both patience and impatience. I feel like that is a line that we’re constantly straddling, where, we’re really super loyal and dedicated to our friendships and our work and thinking about a better world, but at the same time, we want it now. We want the best for everyone now and we want the best for ourselves right now. That is the thing that’s the realest shit in my life as a Leo. What are some goals that you have personally and where have you or do you see real growth happening in your life? I don’t know if I have an answer necessarily about it growing, but I feel like an issue that I’m following very carefully, is the move towards banning plastic straws because it is an equity issue and it’s settled between two communities that need their voices to be heightened. So you have the environmentalists who have firm data on how things are going. Then, you have people who represent the disabled community who, historically, haven fought to get bendable straws for people who really need them. Then, you have the companies that want to charge for straws and so, how does that work for one of the most marginalized communities in the world? That is really one thing, as the year is coming to a close, I’m really curious to where we land because I just hope that it’s something that we can all walk away from it in a better spot and that we’re listening to each other really attentively. Looking back into your youth, can you describe some things that inspired you? [Sighs] There’s so many things. The thing that feels the most important right now is Serena Williams. It’s absurd the impact that she had on all of us who were fortunate enough to grow up in the 90’s and that she’s still rallying for us and showing up and growing and sharing. Like, watching the Being Serena documentary, I was just crying and crying and crying because she is just so generous with her life and so honest about the things that she’s going through. Growing up, she was everything to me. I was born in the 90’s so I also had the great privilege and my mom watching Oprah everyday. I feel like Serena is a person who, from childhood, has inspired me and seeing her still fighting this fight, it’s just a reminder that there’s a lot more to be done. How you use fashion or style to speak as part of your identity?   You know, it’s like that amazing Devil Wears Prada moment where she’s like, “you think that shit’s only a blue sweater?” Cerulean blue!  Right?! [Laughs] It’s that. For me, clothing is such a big part of how I understand myself and a tool for how I am able to track my growth as a person. Fashion hasn’t always been afforded to me in a particular way. And now, being embraced in the way that I am by the world of fashion, I feel very, very fortunate to come in at this particular stage because there would not have been a place for me before. But now, because of so many women like Becca McCharen-Tran at Chromat and many others, I see myself on the runway. On a grand scale, everything that we wear and everything that we eat are political decisions. But, on top of that, in the world of fashion, it’s exciting to pop in at this stage. I'm learning so much from people like Lindsay People's Wagner, who wrote the Black in Fashion article. Every single quote in that story is sheer bravery and it’s exciting to come in and be able to see people who can and who are truthfully being themselves for the first time in an industry, or not for the first time. I don’t want to de-historicize it, but I feel like designers and figures are finally being themselves at a really profound moment in the industry. My last question for you to tie in the #WeWonder campaign is: paint me a picture of digital responsibility. What does it look like? I think the best framework for that is considering something like: digital diplomacy. I think about the internet as a connecting force, and I think when we’re making connections, it’s important to be thoughtful about the way in which we're making them. It’s as simple as it sounds, so it’s very important within the digital space to be conscious of way that the things you’re saying land or sound. You know, you have that atrocity of that girl who posted those flowers with the n-word on it. And, you’re just like, “seriously?” You’re just not thinking. I don’t want your iPhone note apology. Be better.  7 fresh-faced models to know. 7 fresh-faced models to know. Text: Danielle Combs 
This season, the fall 2018 shows delivered an explosion of new faces that were spotted scaling the catwalks from every major designer in New York. The fresh models bursting onto the scene were able to defy odds by booking shows for the likes of Calvin Klein, Alexander Wang, and BOSS —proving that a new league of diverse models are rising in the ranks. With that in mind, V is focusing on the eight girls who handled their first NYFW with grace and strength.  Click below to meet the new class of breakout models.   See the best behind-the-scenes shots from Isabel Marant's latest collection at PFW. See the best behind-the-scenes shots from Isabel Marant's latest collection at PFW. Photography: Schohaja Text: Danielle Combs   "An atrocity as large and pervasive as modern slavery requires a united, global response." "An atrocity as large and pervasive as modern slavery requires a united, global response." Text: Tess Garcia It is widely acknowledged that fashion has a negative impact on the environment, but it's time the industry addresses another appalling fact: According to Fashionista, the fashion supply chain contributes more money to modern slavery than any other field besides tech. The publication cites the Walk Free Foundation's 2018 Global Slavery Index, which reports that $127.7 billion worth of garments at risk of employing modern slavery in their supply chains are imported annually by G20 countries, the group of nations, including the United States and the EU, responsible for 80 percent of world trade. Modern slavery is defined as any situation in which one person has taken away another person's freedom; mainstay examples include forced child labor and debt bondages that force employees to work for little to no pay. Put simply, although developed countries may have low rates of slave labor within their borders, their consumption habits are perpetuating the practice in a major way. What can be done to remedy a problem that's existed since the beginning of time? The Walk Free Foundation suggests, first and foremost, holding even first world nations accountable for their contributions to modern-day slavery. "Too often, the onus of eliminating modern slavery is placed only on the countries where the crime is perpetrated," the organization wrote on its website. "They certainly have a responsibility, but they are not alone in this regard. An atrocity as large and pervasive as modern slavery requires a united, global response." As though you needed another reason to shop secondhand.  The reigning queen of pop has taken over our speakers and is now aiming for our closets. The reigning queen of pop has taken over our speakers and is now aiming for our closets. Text: AJ Longabaugh Earlier today, fresh clothing brand /Nyden took to their Instagram to announce that Dua Lipa is their latest collaborator. The V113 cover star is all smiles in the brief clip saying how excited she is to take on designing four collections with the new brand, with the caption reading: "The /Nyden tribe is growing and the next Co-Creator is the chart-topping star Dua Lipa. With a fierce attitude and electric style, her collection will launch this fall. More will be revealed before it drops–sign-up on Nyden.com for exclusive access. @dualipa" No other details regarding this epic collab have been released at this time, but you can be sure that we will be staying tuned indeed. Watch the Dua Lipa x /Nyden announcement below.  The designer remained as bombastic as ever for his New York Fashion Week show. The designer remained as bombastic as ever for his New York Fashion Week show. Text: Jake Viswanath 
Jeremy Scott is someone that does a lot with only a little. The designer has always been the on-trend black sheep of the fashion world, relentlessly delivering season after season of bombastic and beautifully clashing looks. And across the sleek black and white backdrop, not a unique setting for a runway show, his Fall 2018 collection and the loyal models that wore them only shone brighter. 
Although the stage was bare, Scott conjured up a Kabuki-inspired wonderland with his fantastical clothes and sci-fi makeup. Jeremy favorites like Soo Joo Park, Yasmin Wijnaldum, and Gigi Hadid, who opened and closed the show, were transformed into Barbie and Ken-like bombshells, complete with gleaming abs. 
As always, bold neons and colorblocking were on the agenda, with metallic bombers, pin-up denim jackets, and high-shine nylon suspenders all making frequent appearances. The troll doll-like bobs, crimped baseball caps, and Alain Mikli-designed sunglasses only served to highlight the bizarro of it all. But perhaps the most striking pieces were the boots, no doubt inspired by Scott’s recent collaboration with Ugg: clunky strapped neon logs that were given the fur treatment and drenched in even more vibrant neons, as if Ugg boots went to the rave. 
This season’s collection doesn't necessarily reinvent the wheel: it’s classic Jeremy Scott through and through. But in today’s fashion world, perhaps the designer sticking to his aesthetic is as innovative as it can be. See all the looks from the FW18 show below.    Clare Waight Keller presents a bold collection for Givenchy Couture with an unexpected take on latex. Clare Waight Keller presents a bold collection for Givenchy Couture with an unexpected take on latex. Photography: Melodie Jeng Text: Harshvardhan Shah 
For Clare Waight Keller third couture collection at Givenchy, she wanted a 'blank canvas'. In contrast to this blank canvas, Claire Waight presented a bold collection of 42 looks consisting of dreamy evening gowns in an array of violet, orange and fuchsia as well as an unexpected take on high-shine latex pants and skin tight bodysuits. See below for exclusive backstage images at the Paris show.   Contemporary artist Sterling Ruby has traded in his paintbrushes for a sewing machine—at least for now. The artist debuted his ready-to-wear collection at Pitti Uomo in Florence. Contemporary artist Sterling Ruby has traded in his paintbrushes for a sewing machine—at least for now. The artist debuted his ready-to-wear collection at Pitti Uomo in Florence. Text: Teddy Willson 
Contemporary art is no stranger to high fashion (see: that Prada Marfa sign or Shawn Kolodny’s dripping designer pills), but it’s less often that artists actually become fashion designers. If there’s one person to tackle this barrier, though, then it makes sense that it would be Sterling Ruby. And you shouldn’t be surprised. The multimedia artist has an impressive three decades of clothesmaking under his belt, as well as numerous prestigious fashion collaborations. 
Ruby was honored as a special guest designer at this year’s Pitti Uomo, the menswear trade show of all menswear trade shows. Previous honorees include Virgil Abloh, menswear director at Louis Vuitton, who sat front row at Ruby’s show when he debuted his ready-to-wear collection called S.R. STUDIO. LA. CA. The line became available online at the same time as his models walked down the runway, embracing the See Now, Buy Now approach. 
This collection is certainly not Ruby’s first venture into fashion designing, but it does mark the first time his garments have been made available to the public. Since 2008, Ruby has made countless ensembles reimagining his massive vault of artwork, whether it be his paintings, sculptures, mega collages or quilted textiles. Also on his resume are collaborations with Raf Simons for Dior and Calvin Klein. Simons is an avid collector and close friend of Ruby’s. 
Like much of his artwork, S.R. STUDIO. LA. CA. is thoroughly inspired by Ruby’s childhood and journey ever since. Ruby was born in Germany but grew up among the Dutch community, first in Baltimore, then in New Freedom, PA., an Amish locale. 
This aspect of home is responsible for the conservative, Amish-looking dresses seen on the runway. The cover of “Hex,” a 1972 book about murder in his childhood community, adorned the front of a torn-up, acid-washed, neon green garment. Photos of candles, taken by his photographer wife Melanie Schiff, were pasted on a floor-length dress, sweat suit and tote bag. Quilted ponchos kept the Dutch spirit alive, and paint-splattered pieces created a sort of organized chaos. 
Needless to say, Ruby left Pitti Uomo with quite the impression in his wake. The irony of it all, however, is that while Ruby was off stewarding his first fashion show in Italy, the most reputable art show of all, Art Basel, was taking place at its home base in Switzerland. No doubt Ruby has already paved a career of success in the contemporary art world. Now, the question is, will he do the same in the fashion world? To be the judge of that, view some pieces from Ruby’s S.R. STUDIO. LA. CA. collection in the slideshow below.  The capsule collection takes inspiration from New York City's hip-hop scene in the 1990s. The capsule collection takes inspiration from New York City's hip-hop scene in the 1990s. Text: Fred Sahai New York City in the ’90s was a world of its own, with hip-hop and rave culture dominating the city. This decade served as a backdrop for Olivia Kim’s collab with Nike. The collection combines Nike’s continuous love affair with New York City, and native New Yorker Olivia Kim’s memories of the creative culture she witnessed growing up in Downtown Manhattan. The 16 apparel and accessory pieces, as well as the 5 different footwear canvases—including the Air Force 1, Air Jordan IV, Air Footscape and Air Max 98—draw on Kim’s childhood style which was rooted in hip-hop culture. This campaign celebrates personal style and individuality and features model Binx Walton, writer-director John Waters, and Nike athlete Megan Rapinoe. To celebrate the playful collection, we matched re-imagined iconic Nike shoes from the line with a hip-hop bop from back in the day. 1. Air Force 1  First up is Olivia Kim’s take on a Nike classic: the Air Force 1. Classics stick together, so we’re pairing the sneakers with a song  that never goes out of style, Biggie’s “Hypnotize.”    2. Air Max 98  We matched the Air Max 98 with a song as lively as the hues the Nike X Olivia Kim collab chose to adorn the shoe with. Lauryn Hill’s “Doo Wop (That Thing),” which fittingly came out in 1998, only gets better with age, just like the Air Max 98 model.    3. Air Jordan IV  The Nike Air Jordan rose to prominence as basketball legend Michael Jordan’s shoe of choice. Many athletes have since incorporated the Air Jordan, and used them to jump high and score some baskets, which is why we’ve paired the shoes with House of Pain’s “Jump Around.”    4. Air Footscape  These Air Footscapes, adorned with a loud zebra print, are certainly funky. You know what else was funky? Mark Wahlberg’s hip-hop group Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch, which is why we’re pairing the wild sneakers with their 1991 hit “Good Vibrations.”  Nike by Olivia Kim will launch on October 31st and will be available at Nordstrom x Nike stores, NXN.com and SNKRS. A more global release is expected on November 8th.   It's not about who wins or loses. It's about who looked the best. It's not about who wins or loses. It's about who looked the best. Text: Brooke Kushwaha 
We love a red carpet standout. Although in this case the red carpet is a misnomer because the 71st Annual Emmy Awards took place on a plum-colored carpet, the same flurry of excitement and whispers ensues when we watched celebs pose for paps last Sunday. Billy Porter and Zendaya dropped by to reclaim their rule over the celebrity fashion world, but some surprise MVPs also showed up to show out. Mandy Moore, for one, brought color-blocking out of 2016 for a bombshell look, and Lead Actress in a Drama winner Jodie Comer dazzled in an elegant all-white gown. Whether you go home with an award, you always have a chance to win the night with your outfit. 
Here are our favorite looks from last night:  3 generations of Kardashian share the spotlight in Fendi's newest #MeAndMyPeekaboo campaign. 3 generations of Kardashian share the spotlight in Fendi's newest #MeAndMyPeekaboo campaign. Text: Lilly Pace 
Fendi's latest installment of its #MeAndMyPeekaboo campaign, celebrating family and the Peekaboo handbag's 10th anniversary, features reality stars Kris Jenner, Kim Kardashian, and North West. The images, which will be fully released on July 11, feature Kris, Kim, and North candidly carrying Fendi bags through a meadow in Los Angeles. Five-year-old North, making her modeling debut, carries her own mini version of the Peekaboo bag. 
The iconic women also star in a short film set to Kanye West's "Love Lockdown", where Kim and her daughter walk hand in hand and pick yellow flowers before being joined by momager Kris. 
"The idea was to expand the concept of family, as it’s part of our history, and we wanted other families of women," said creative director Silvia Venturini Fendi. In the case of the Kardashians, they are all three of them very strong women, with strong personalities. It’s an iconic family, who is known for its appearance, but we wanted to bring more of an intimate side to the table."  The first installment of the Peekaboo campaign featured Silvia Fendi and her daughters Delfina Delettrez Fendi and Leonetta Luciano Fendi.   Check out the intimate campaign imagery below.     For her Presidential Portrait, the former First Lady went with an American brand. For her Presidential Portrait, the former First Lady went with an American brand. Text: MATHIAS ROSENZWEIG   Yesterday, Barack and Michelle Obama celebrated the unveiling of their official portraits at the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C. Kehinde Wiley painted the former Commander-in-Chief, illustrating a tranquil Obama looking off into the distance in front of lush greenery, an element that’s a signature of Wiley’s style. In Obama’s case, the background includes chrysanthemums, which are the official flower of Chicago, Obama’s hometown. The former First Lady was portrayed by painter Amy Sherald, who’s actually the first woman to win the Outwin Boochever Portrait Competition.     But beyond the painters and their presidential muses lies another MVP from the unveiling—Michelle Obama’s dress. Just today, V spoke with Michelle Smith, the woman behind the stunning and soon-to-be iconic piece by Milly.    Yesterday, Michelle Obama’s official portrait came out, in which she’s wearing a dress you made. How’d you find out about it?    Actually, I was really surprised! I was in Paris—I’m in Paris, now—when the announcement happened. I was totally out of the loop, I guess, because my show was last week. I didn’t realize that it was going to be announced this week. So I got a call from my publicist while I was shopping, she told me, and I just flipped out. I was ecstatic.    Is this not just…the most insane thing ever?    Yeah…I’m like, should I just retire now? I can’t imagine anything more honoring and incredible. I’m really speechless about it. I guess the process started about a year ago. I want to say a year, a year and a half ago, I was contacted by Michelle Obama’s stylist, Meredith Koop. She gave me a little backstory. She said that they were looking for dresses for Mrs. Obama to wear in her Presidential Portrait. They had a very specific idea about what they were interested in. There was a dress in my runway show from Spring 2017 that they liked a lot, so I offered to make some modifications. I also did some sketches of solid dresses, and they chose that original geometric-printed dress, which is custom-made for Mrs. Obama. I changed the back detailing of it. I guess it was about six months ago when I knew that it was confirmed, that she’d be wearing my dress, but I wasn’t allowed to talk about it. And I still didn’t know who the artist was. And then, life just happened. I was busy, busy, busy, not thinking about it, and then boom!   There’s only a few times each year that fashion actually intersects with politics in an important way, and this is most certainly one of them.    It feels incredible to be a part of it. I feel really honored that she chose me. As a woman, as a designer who is…I’m pretty outspoken as an activist for human rights, for equality, for women’s health. I feel so happy. It’s such an incredible moment. And I love her choice of artist. I love the portrait. So modern and forward-thinking. I can imagine it hanging in the National Gallery and imagine someone visiting it in 100 or 200 years from now, how they’re going to perceive the painting. It’s the most incredible thing, that it’s so forward-thinking but also speaks so much of our moment in history.   You said you were honored to be selected because you’re not only a designer, but an activist, too. Did you feel like you aligned heavily with the Obama’s beliefs?    Well, I think their presidency will be remembered for having championed equality across gender, race, religion, sexual orientation—they were champions of LGBTQ rights, women’s reproductive rights, and I think their legacy will be that. They’re very kind, very human people, and I think they will also be remembered for that. I mean, gosh, it’s amazing enough to have your dress in a presidential portrait, but the fact that it’s Michelle Obama? What an incredible woman she is. What an incredible president Obama was. It’s just…oh my God.    I read that you actually met them. So when you say they’re really human, I assume it’s from personal experience, right?    Yeah! I was lucky enough to have been invited to the last party at the White House. It was amazing. It was a few days before they actually had to leave the White House, and it was such a beautiful night. So laid back. Everyone checked their phones whey they went to check their coats, so everyone let loose. It was very relaxed, and it wasn’t a formal setting. It was like if you can imagine a house party in the White House. The Roots were the band and there were so many incredible musical performers. Everyone was just mixing and dancing, and it was surreal seeing all these celebrities, actors, mixing with musicians, mixing with humanitarians. It was an incredible night. We stayed until about 4am. No one wanted to leave. We were walking out and Bruce Springsteen was behind us. One time, I turned around and Paul McCartney was dancing on a chair next to Stevie Wonder, and I thought, “What is this crazy life of mine that I got to be here in this room in this moment?” It was an incredible night.   But speaking to them and about how they’re so down to earth, they weren’t separated from the guests. They were out in the middle of the dance floor, having a great time. Speaking to every single person, and it was so heartfelt and so genuine. It was just wonderful.    It’s only February, and you’re already having a great year. What else are you working on?    Right now, I’m looking at fabrics. I’m in Paris look at fabrics for Spring 2019. Doesn’t that sound crazy and futuristic? Spring 2019…   I feel like we won’t even still be here in Spring 2019.    I know. It feels like we’re gonna be traveling around in spaceships. And it’s funny, though, saying that, because I’m looking at the fabrics an they’re very futuristic. Minimal and futuristic. It’s interesting. So, for now, I’m here doing this. We’re planning on opening some more stores around the country, and growing our e-commerce business, milly.com.   Our V115 cover star has been busy sitting front row, launching campaigns, and of course, behind the mic in front of a SOLD OUT crowds. Our V115 cover star has been busy sitting front row, launching campaigns, and of course, behind the mic in front of a SOLD OUT crowds. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
Whether it's sitting front row at the Gucci and Chanel SS19 runways, releasing the video for her track "On Your Own", dropping her Nike Air Force 1 campaign, casually posing with Lenny Kravitz, or simply being on a SOLD OUT tour, our V115 cover star Jorja Smith has had one helluva month.  Thankfully, the soul sensation gifts the masses by allowing her Instagram to act as her number one tracking device into all things Jorja. V have rounded up the past month of Ms. Smith's world by digging into @jorjasmith_ , and in the process have unliked every post just so we could like them once again.   Peep what J Money has been up to the last 30 days below!   You get to try on the latest pieces at the end of the labyrinth. You get to try on the latest pieces at the end of the labyrinth. Text: Mayzie Hopkins 
For the 20th anniversary of Bulgari's B.zero1 collection, there is a pop-up installation on the Oculus at the World Trade Center in NYC. The 10ft tall, 3,400 square foot Labyrinth design is based on the Coliseum in Rome and will remain on the main floor of the building from today through the 8th of May. 
Honoring the legacy of B.zero1, the installation is sectioned into 5 different "chapters" centered around the history and ethos of the brand, such as “Genealogy”, “Iconic Women of Design”, “Design Legend”, “XX Anniversary”, and “Celebration Experience”. Along with artwork and photography celebrating strong women, something B.zero1 is built upon, there is an interactive experience for guests in the main room that takes them on a "journey" through Rome and the making of the Design Legend ring. To finish, there are private rooms where try-ons are allowed with product specialists of the latest and unreleased items. 
The temporary exhibit/store has already attracted a mass of attendees, such as for the opening where Shea Marie, Jessica Wang, Lainy Hedaya and others were seen browsing the designs on show.  Donatella Versace's legacy as an International powerhouse has never felt so modern. Donatella Versace's legacy as an International powerhouse has never felt so modern. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
When hearing the word "icon" or "iconic" the absolute first image that pops into my mind is the Versace logo and everything that has proudly fallen underneath it's insanely powerful umbrella in both the industry and culture at large. For the Spring/Summer 2019 season, Donatella sticks to what she knows and creates a Versace kaleidoscope of patterns and reimagined staples that the fashion house has so obviously made "iconic". 
The Versace girl is a proudly particular entity to the brand as we've seen multiple generations of models and the actual creation of the supermodel come out the visionary and late designer Gianni Versace's view of powerful women and what they are wearing. Irina, Gigi and Bella, Binx, Anok, Adut, Kendall, and now Kaia have all indeed earned their no-last-name-needed spot on the rosters and runways they find themselves on, at a scale that I don't believe the fashion world anticipated to grow as fast as it has. 
Whether it's an LBD, a mismatch crop and mini skirt, or a sexy layered pattern ensemble, Donatella is driving the youth back into her namesake brand. The accessories she has created for Spring/Summer including a lineup of box bags, dainty chained belts with a casual gold bell, and innovated sneakers for the Versace girl on-the-go, prove that the creative energy and focus of the brand in continuing its legacy as the international powerhouse it is. 
Bringing the narrative of the Versace girl full circle, OG supermodel Shalom Harlow stormed the runway in a floor length dress, closing out the Milano spectacle with a fierceness, beaming in her many times over earned glory. SS19 belongs to these girls and Dontella is making sure the world knows it. Brava, Donatella! 
                   Moschino will be the next luxury brand to partner with the Swedish retailer. Moschino will be the next luxury brand to partner with the Swedish retailer. Text: Gillian Rivera Amongst all the craziness that came out of weekend one of Coachella, Moschino made a major announcement. The Italian brand will be the next high-end label to partner with H&M. The news broke at Moschino's annual Coachella party, hosted by creative director Jeremy Scott and Gigi Hadid.  The capsule collection will include womenswear, menswear, and accessories, and is slated to hit stores on November 8th. Scott has claimed the motive behind the collaboration was to make his designs more affordable and accessible, telling Vogue, “This collaboration makes me feel like I’m able to give something again. Lots of young people love my clothes... and we make phone cases and little things like that, but in order to have a ‘lewk,’ I love that this is now something that will be affordable." H&M has long partnered with luxury brands, first working with Karl Lagerfeld back in 2002. Since then, the Swedish retailer has teamed up with brands like Kenzo, Comme des Garçons, and Stella McCartney. Last year, Erdem produced a floral-happy line for the fast fashion company. From what we've already seen, the collection appears to remain in line with Scott's eccentric and bubbly designs that make him such a fan favorite. Scott enlisted Hadid to model some of the upcoming looks, styled in vibrant patterns that emulate a heavy 80's vibe. Scott himself showed off a graphic zip-up hoodie, clad with gold bling. Scroll down for a sneak peek at the collection.  🖤💙❤️💚💜 @itsjeremyscott @gigihadid @hm #hmoschino #moschino #jeremyscott #gigihadid #coachella A post shared by  Moschino (@moschino) on Apr 15, 2018 at 4:21am PDT  @hm @moschino @itsjeremyscott #hmoschino Moschino TV coming soon!! #moschino A post shared by  Moschino (@moschino) on Apr 15, 2018 at 1:41am PDT  Rising model Olivia wearing pre-fall's most academic-forward trend: American varsity. Rising model Olivia wearing pre-fall's most academic-forward trend: American varsity. Photography: Rob Kulisek Styling: Tereza Oritz   The model transcends the runway in new Red Hook Labs exhibit. The model transcends the runway in new Red Hook Labs exhibit. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
When she alighted on the scene in the early 2010s, Dutch model Saskia de Brauw was a tad older than your garden-variety new face, but her clever, artistic airs seemed to transcend fashion’s fickle nature. With her stonecut features, cropped hair and statuesque frame, the former art student's almost mythological look was that of an Athena-like huntress, bobbing and weaving between art-house editorial and top-tier campaigns.  
But behind the scenes, de Brauw's jump from the Netherlands to New York wasn't so nimble. “In the beginning, working in fashion was quite a lot to take in. I found [New York] quite a difficult city to be in. For me, it was overwhelming and too fast paced,” she tells us. Her response to the daily stimuli was to begin the practice of silently walking without a destination. “I started to do these slow walks that calmed me down, and that gave me a very pleasant feeling,” she says.  
What began as a self-soothing habit became a philosophical and artistic pursuit; de Brauw eventually traveled to a Buddhist monastery where they practice walking meditation. That physical and spiritual journey culminated in the multimedia project “Ghosts Don’t Walk in Straight Lines,” a collaboration between de Brauw and her husband, photographer Vincent van de Wijngaard. Opening tomorrow at Red Hook Labs in Brooklyn, the project captures a day-long pilgrimage that de Brauw took in 2015, and the urban landscape it encapsulates. In a film shot on Super 8 by van de Wijngaard and an accompanying book, de Brauw traverses the length of Manhattan in a custom-made gown by friend and collaborator Haider Ackermann, following the city’s north-to-south axis and largely ignoring the grid system.  
While it may imply a renunciation of not only the linear model’s walk but also one’s corporeal form entirely, the film’s theme is not a rebellion against fashion, says de Brauw. “It’s a direct result of me going to New York working as a model and the personal experience I have,” she says, “but the walk is not a critique in any way on fashion.”  
That said, what united the husband-and-wife team, who have historically avoided working together, was their common interest in the immaterial—despite their fashion-focused occupations. "I don’t think we are interested in decorating, if that makes sense," says de Brauw of their artistic philosophy. Van de Wijngaard, who concentrates in site-specific and travel-based photography, says that urban environments can be just as invisible as they are physical. “You can actually go really rapidly from one end of Paris to the other by following this [unmarked] line [that’s along] earth’s meridian. You might think it’s a long walk, but it’s not,” he says. “We found out the line was not marked correctly which it made it more interesting.”  
De Brauw’s walk may have started in fashion, but in today's media and misinformation-saturated world, her simple yet powerful practice feels universally applicable. The truth, she reminds us, is out there, no matter one's surroundings: "Even when I work as a model, I try to access [truth] as much as possible. It’s sometimes hard to find. But I like it when things have meaning."  
“Ghosts Don’t Walk in Straight Lines” will be open to the public at Red Hook Labs in Brooklyn on November 9 and 10.  Their "In Conversation" campaign brings together talents from different worlds of art. Their "In Conversation" campaign brings together talents from different worlds of art. Text: Jake Viswanath 
Luxury eyewear brand Oliver Peoples has brought together eight dynamic creatives from different fields to create meaningful conversations for their new 2018 campaign, "In Conversation." Rising singer-songwriters Lianne La Havas and CYN front the campaign, alongside art curators Lawrence Van Hagen and Jordan Watson, Out of Order editor-in-chief Dorian Grinspan, artist and photographer Tasya Van Ree, and the duo behind Festen Architecture, Charlotte de Tonnac and Hugo Sauzay. 
In four so-called "vignettes," the octet of talents gather at John Lautner's historic Harpel House, known for its elegant architectural achievements, for a discussion that delves into their specific crafts, the inspirations behind them, and how their individuals worlds and perspectives intertwine. Framed by Oliver Peoples's distinctive sunglass lens and Matthew Brookes's photographic lens, the campaign gives off a rich yet intimate vibe while adding enormous depth behind each image. Peep the new campaign below, and head to their website to check out videos and more from the "In Conversation" campaign.   Channel fashion's most legendary model in this runway-ready eyewear collection. Channel fashion's most legendary model in this runway-ready eyewear collection. Text: Erin McDowell 
The new Vita Fede Eyewear collection is here, and it couldn't be more legendary. Inspired by founder/designer Cynthia Sakai's grandmother’s vintage frames, the collection features a lineup of striking shades that iconic model Naomi Campbell couldn't get enough of during Paris Fashion Week. Every pair of shades is handcrafted in Japan and aims to reinvent eyewear as a form of jewelry, elevating an everyday necessity into an attention-grabbing fashion moment. 
Along with the six different eyewear designs, the collection also features three fashion-forward frame necklaces that pair seamlessly with every look. This luxurious sunglasses collection is not something you'll want to miss out on. 
Check out the slideshow below to view every frame from the collection, and see how Naomi styled the Bordeaux frames for Paris Fashion Week. To shop the Naomi-approved collection by Vita Fede, click the link here.  The acclaimed designer features his 81-year-old Grandmother in his newest campaign. The acclaimed designer features his 81-year-old Grandmother in his newest campaign. Text: AJ Longabaugh Standing tall among his peers and the design world at large, Brandon Maxwell's journey and career to becoming who he is known as today is seemingly unmatched. His FW18 collection is about to hit the racks and Maxwell has excitedly launched the official campaign starring none other than his Grandmother, or as he call her, his "Mammaw." In modern fashion, Maxwell took to his Instagram to reveal glimpses of the campaign, using video and archival imagery from his childhood past as the root of this heartfelt gesture.  Link in bio, insta stories, and IGTV for full film. I can see my whole entire life in this film and in this woman. I owe this life in fashion to her. Today I am proud to begin rolling out our Fall/Winter 2018 Campaign, starring my Mammaw. More to unfold over the rest of the week. Directed by: @brandonmaxwell & @wonderfulboy Director of Photography: @kyleoz Lighting: @philkline Sound: Martin Pedersen Set Design: @rae_cur_ree Make-up: @kristinlroberts for @maccosmetics Music: "Belles" by @andrewbirdmusic Executive Producer: Brandon Maxwell Studio Producer: @laurenpistoia Post Production: @velem Editor: Drew Taylor Color and Finishing: @derrickcyuen #mammaw #brandonmaxwell A post shared by  Brandon Maxwell (@brandonmaxwell) on Aug 15, 2018 at 6:06am PDT Check out the campaign imagery below, and head to Brandon Maxwell's website to watch the entire short film:  Burberry moves it's successful 'Here We Are' to a Paris audience. Burberry moves it's successful 'Here We Are' to a Paris audience. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
Burberry has officially announced it’s upcoming Paris residency of the overwhelming successful photography exhibition ‘Here We Are’, curated by Christopher Bailey and showcasing a series of over 90 works ranging from social photography to documentary, spanning the 162 year iconic heritage of Burberry. Alasdair McLellan, a current creative collaborator for the brand, has four bodies of work on display and one of fashion’s fastest growing rulers, designer and artist Gosha Rubchinskiy, has contributed photographic prints and projections implemented throughout the presentation. Other artists include Shirley Baker, Ken Russell, Colin Jones and Daniel Meadows. 
Bringing ‘Here We Are’ full circle is Burberry’s entire September 2017 collection in the flesh, weaving Christopher Bailey’s creative narrative into the complex legacy of the fashion house. It’s brief Parisian stint opens this Friday, January 26, offering free admission, which is potentially the biggest fashion steal of 2018. Click through the see the awe-inducing exhibit.              Life isn’t black and white, and fashion isn’t either. Life isn’t black and white, and fashion isn’t either. Text: Reshmi Kaur Oberoi Ever feel uncomfortable about the in-between? Well, that’s where the “cruise”, also known as “resort,” collections that designers come in. They showcase squarely in the transition between April showers and May flowers. Life isn’t black and white, and fashion isn’t either.  Sure we have our classic Fall/Winter and Spring/Summer runways, but then we also have all those grey areas - both literally and figuratively - we’re talking about those times when it is neither hot nor cold, overcast or sunny, and you’re left standing in front of your wardrobe with the daunting task of dressing appropriately. Cruise, interchangeable with “resort,” collections have very literal roots: For one, these itemized runway apparel were easy and breezy, tailor-made for the upper socioeconomic echelon that vacationed on those pesky off-months. Let us all recall the time after tax-day but before the unofficial start of summer that is Memorial Day weekend. It is a period oftentimes likened to the millennial “hump day” - that mid-week slump where you’re neither here nor there, anticipating rest but also wired on pending work.  Accordingly, resort collections are on-season for consumers in the Russo-Slavic, mid- and far-east because their climates and cultural calendar are at odds with our own western hemispheric conditions. Furthermore, the harvest season that falls in April marks the new year for many cultural ethnic groups. Think: Persian Norwuz and Orthodox Easter. The latest resort show by the house of Dior took place in Marrakech, Morocco: Case in point. Moroccan model, Nora Attal, reported exclusively on the show from her native country that was documented Instagram stories, keeping a verbal diary account of the experience. Dior’s cruise beauty epitomized beating the rising temperatures. That is to say, hair was whipped off of shoulders, tied up behind headbands of tied scarves crafted in local textiles. Mascara was waterproof and any makeup applied first went over primer to prevent melting off of products applied.   Historically, Chanel was the first designer to introduce resort collections in 1919. It was a mid-seasonal affair of loose-fitting kaftan and tunic silhouettes and scandalously unsheathed dresses by Gabrielle Chanel for the society bunch. Later, in 1983, Karl Lagerfeld capitalized on those women escaping flocking to more temperate climates and swapped outerwear for light layers that could be peeled back or added to. The paradoxical versatility of cruise can be attributed to Chanel’s late godfather, Lagerfeld. Despite this trailblazing turn over for what a cruise collection entails, he revisited the original nautical motif in 2017 but most closely reflected the concept with his final resort showing for 2019. The show, unsurprisingly set in the Grand Palais, featured an indoor cruise-liner and nautical motifs, as well as stripes in red, blue, and white as the main color scheme. The models sported shorts and bolero-like blazers that were anything but tapered, reflecting Coco Chanel’s penchant for unshapely clothing that doesn’t skim the body. In modern times, resort refers to the business of fashion. That is to say, it debuts during the period after fall/winter has been discounted and prior to spring/summer items hitting shelves. Furthermore, there are sometimes winter pieces mixed into the bunch because practically speaking, not everyone encounters the TSA, opting out of vacation for whatever reason. In 2015, Derek Lam reportedly explained the resort or cruise show’s return as being, “about creating desirable pieces that can take you from October through early spring,” Then there are game changers like Proenza Schouler that altered the concept of resort for a financially friendly decision to merge ready-to-wear with resort when in 2016, they opted to sell pre-Fall items the day after their debut. This combining of seasonal showings reduced cost while reaping profit.  Cruise collections are also the optimal time for designers to step away from the hustle and bustle of the traditional bi-annual runway shows and highlight their unique vision a part from style trends. Make no mistake, their departure from the schedule is not to the departure gate at an airport for vacationing. Designers choose specific landmarks to plant their visionary seed - and just in time for spring no less. Take Louis Vuitton’s show at Rio de Janeiro’s Niterói Contemporary Art Museum in Brazil, home to over 10 UNESCO heritage sites. According to editor-in-chief of London-based, fittingly biannual magazine Tanked, Caroline Issa describes cruise as being “rather commercial,” and therefore when, “presented in such magical contexts, they may seem even more exciting,” than shows held during fashion week.  The juxtaposition of a pared back editorial look fit for the sidewalk that tiptoes into street wear, with the magnificence of architectural and Amazonian settings, makes for an effortless marketing tactic. In the words of NYT Chief Fashion Critic and former model, Vanessa Friedman, “The goal is to position themselves as the royalty of the industry: authorities not just on clothes, but on all related aspects of design and lifestyle and on sucking you, the fashion buyer or the fashion viewer, ever deeper into their orbits." But the concept of resort collections being out of the orbital of mainstream styles that caters to specific ways of dressing as is done in regularly scheduled shows, is not so much an exclusively cruise concept this year. Why? With the upcoming MET Gala’s “Notes on Camp,” genre, the entire idea is to stray away from the accepted- the trending- and opt for soloist looks united by being different: kitsch, unexpected, ironic, and even abstract. Stay tuned for coverage of the upcoming resort shows and the impending MET Gala with V Magazine and VMAN.  The Japanese brand teamed up with two generations of West Coast beat-makers. The Japanese brand teamed up with two generations of West Coast beat-makers. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON West Coast beats meet Tokyo design in a just-released collaboration between Beats by Dr. Dre and Japanese brand Sacai. The special edition Sacai BeatsX earphones, debuted atop Kaia Gerber at Sacai’s Men’s 2019 show in January, telegraph the next generation in wearable wireless, while tapping into Beats founder Dr. Dre’s West Coast DNA.  In the new campaign starring L.A.-based R&B frontwoman Syd, the tech-meets-design mashup's multiple underlying strands come together. Syd, a descendant of the semi-hardcore West-Coast genre as an erstwhile Odd Future member, both stars and soundtracks, lending her vibey song with The Internet, “Come Together,” to the video campaign. In addition to her song, the video features the 26-year-old frontwoman immersed in a vortex of beaded molecular chains—apropos of the three new colorways: burned red, deep white and true black. Riffing on the classic wraparound BeatsX design, the special-edition earphones feature a new rosary-like cable courtesy of Sacai’s Chitose Abe. Beats and Sacai saw a kindred collaborative spirit in one another: “We wanted to incorporate our signature hybrid technique into Beats,” said Abe via a behind-the-scenes video. The earphones represent a continuation of Abe's eclectic mode; with her Nike sneakers and Pendleton and Dr. Woo-infused ready-to-wear bound for the Spring/Summer racks, the BeatsX Sacai earphones complete Abe's head-to-toe SS19 trifecta.  Text: AJ Longabaugh 
This past Saturday, a most fashionable crowd rolled into the grand opening of Gucci at 63 Wooster, marking the brand's first appearance in the Soho arena of flagships. Creating a vibe very reminiscent of the current Alessandro Michele era, the night shone bright with all things Gucci and with appearances by the likes of Rihanna, Petra Collins, Jared Leto, Moses Sumney, Ryan McGinley, Salma Hayek, Chloe Wise, A$AP Rocky, and more. 
Check out all of the photos from the paradigm New York City event below, and stop by the newest Soho addition today!  
Rihanna   Inside the rebellious national fashion event that acts as a cultural movement Inside the rebellious national fashion event that acts as a cultural movement Text: Christopher Ebuka Fashion-forward people giving their fiercest poses in front of the cameras come as no surprise at fashion week. The clothes are larger than life with personalities to match. As normal as this might be at every fashion week around the globe, for Nigerians, there is a deeper meaning behind the clothes. The story as to why that boy paired a short with a cape and why that girl wore a sheer dress goes beyond being fashionable and daring.  Nigeria continues to be a country masked heavily with religion. These beliefs dictate societal norms and trumps democracy. It’s the reason why wearing certain outfits are frowned upon. And why homosexuality was made illegal in the country and attracts a 14-year imprisonment as punishment while for the states under Sharia Law, death. These religious beliefs are, sadly, selective. Child marriage, one of many, is practiced and accepted in some parts of the country. Actions are labeled good or bad and judged by the standards of societal norms and traditional ideologies. Cases of women who are harassed, mocked and assaulted for the way they’re dressed arise often. A woman who wears a short skirt down the street is outrightly called a prostitute. The idea of a man wearing genderfluid outfits, at all, is forbidden. This tradition continues to deter progression. What this does is it creates a toxic socio-political climate. One where people live in fear and self-loathe. “I am conscious of the society we live in because it is harsh for people who want to be who they are when it’s not the norm,” says Fola Francis, a Lagos-based writer, and stylist. “I can’t wear what I want from home, the first time I did, I was verbally harassed as I walked down the street. So what I do is take my clothes and change in the taxi on my way to the shows.” Francis’ story is similar to others at the show. People who sacrifice being themselves for safety.  The extremity of this is taken a step further by law enforcement agents who tag anyone with dreadlocks and/or tattoos a criminal. Cases of boys being arrested, beaten and killed because of their hairstyles, body tattoos or dressing come up so often, it’s become normal and expected. Like the story of Glory. One day, on his way to work, he was stopped by policemen, questioned, and searched. His phone was confiscated. They went through his messages. Eventually, they took the phone with them and left him stranded. His crime? He had dreadlocks. A society that prides itself on tradition has overlooked the history of dreadlocks and its importance to the black man.        Asides fashion week, no other show gives the freedom and liberation for self-expression. What fashion week stands for in Nigeria goes beyond new collections for the new season. It’s a community of progressive people free of judgment. A haven where people are who they are and wear what they want. “It’s important how Lagos Fashion Week has given a platform for creatives to express themselves,” says Mary Edoro, a fashion editor. “It’s a no-judgment zone where people can express who they are, their sexualities, their political thoughts and that’s the only way to change things; by expressing our true feelings about what we think about what’s going on.”   The Daily Front Row recognized ten fashion frontrunners for their 4th annual Fashion Los Angeles Awards. The Daily Front Row recognized ten fashion frontrunners for their 4th annual Fashion Los Angeles Awards. Text: Gillian Rivera 
This past Sunday, fashion trailblazers were honored at the Daily Front Row's 4th Annual Fashion Los Angeles Awards. The list of honorees included the likes of Emily Ratajkowski for Model of the Year,  Jeremy Scott for Creative of the Year, and Jen Atkin for Hair Artist of the Year. These innovators and creatives were chosen for their outstanding work in their respective fields. Hosted by Derek Blasberg, the guest line-up featured A-listers like Chrissy Teigen & John Legend, Paris Hilton, Rowan Blanchard, Troye Sivan, Kris Jenner, Hari Nef, Jhené Aiko, Frances Bean Cobain, and Paris Jackson. The honorees will be featured in The Daily Front Row's Hollywood Edition. See the full list of honorees below. 
Jen Atkin Hair Artist of the Year 
Wendi & Nicole Ferreirao Men’s Stylist of the Year 
Alexi Lubomirski Photographer of the Year 
Juicy Couture’s Jamie Mizrahi Best Design Debut 
Cami Morrone Emerging Talent 
Phillip Plein Fashion Rebel 
Emily Ratajkowski Model of the Year 
Jeremy Scott Creative of the Year 
Coach’s Stuart Vevers Designer of the Year 
 Kate Young Women’s Stylist of the Year.  The most opulent and lavish gifts to purchase this holiday season. The most opulent and lavish gifts to purchase this holiday season. Text: Jake Viswanath  All the strangest sartorial splendors hand-picked off the runway All the strangest sartorial splendors hand-picked off the runway Text: Vienna Vernose Spanning across four capitals, fashion month always brings a variety of new trends from around the world to try with the forthcoming season. This time, V surveyed lots of eye-catching accessories across the Spring/Summer 2020 collections that break the mold of traditional trends. Whether they’re odd, crazy, or just downright bizarre, these are the top 10 most unconventional pieces from fashion month you need right now. 1. Balenciaga’s collaboration with Hello Kitty    Details at Balenciaga Spring 2020 ph. Valerio Mezzanotti A post shared by  eletrikhman (@eletrikhman_new) on Sep 29, 2019 at 5:34am PDT  When it comes to Demna Gvasalia’s creative reign at Balenciaga, you can never be sure what to expect. For their Spring/Summer 2020 season, Gvasalia played with proportions experimenting in volume and shape, but the standout component of the collection was an unlikely collaboration between the Parisian luxury house and Japanese design company Sanrio. Featured in pink, black, and white, the iconic Hello Kitty character is brought to life in the form of some very kawaii bowler bags.   2. Thom Browne Penguin Sneakers    Wondering how you spell the sound a dolphin makes? #mondayconfusion A post shared by  🔪 (@larslala) on Oct 1, 2019 at 6:50am PDT  There was a tangible sense of surrealism present at the Thom Browne Spring/Summer 2020 presentation in Paris this month. Various examples of country club chic in bulky knits and pastel seersucker were reimagined in sculptural forms akin to triple-layer birthday cakes. One of the many whimsical elements of the show included a pair of leather platform sneakers in the shape of something like a penguin-dolphin hybrid.   3. Louis Vuitton Egg Bag    #LVSS20 The new LV Egg bag in Monogram from @NicolasGhesquiere’s latest #LouisVuitton Collection. Watch the show now on Instagram and louisvuitton.com A post shared by  Louis Vuitton Official (@louisvuitton) on Oct 2, 2019 at 11:00am PDT  Creative director Nicolas Ghesquière featured his latest handbag creation at Louis Vuitton’s Spring/Summer 2020 show modeled after a classic breakfast favorite. Called the “LV Egg” bag, this arm candy is pretty straightforward with the iconic Louis Vuitton print in a unique egg shape. 4. Gucci Horsebit Pillow Holder    A backpack pillow holder featuring the Horsebit hardware, a recurring detail of @alessandro_michele’s collections brought back from the #Gucci archives. Discover more through link in bio. #GucciSS20 #AlessandroMichele #mfw A post shared by  Gucci (@gucci) on Sep 28, 2019 at 3:29am PDT  Nap anyone? The Italian luxury house showed a variety of strange accessories this season including a fan and lipstick tube belt, but by far the biggest head-scratcher from the show was a branded pillow holder complete with a cozy Gucci pillow. Sweet dreams! 5. Area Glitter Beard    AREA SS20 | Introducing the AREA x @lindafarrow Edition Crystal Trim Specs Photo by @thomas_mccarty #areanyc A post shared by  AREA (@area) on Sep 15, 2019 at 9:08am PDT  Purveyors of only the most sparkly crystals, the New York-based house experimented in new ways with their standard medium creating captivating headdresses and teardrop face stick-ons that make any look ultra-dreamy. 6. Versace Pill Packet Keychain    Fashion pills by Versace #versace #versacess20 #donatellaversace #mfw #mfwss2020 #mfwss20 #ss20 #ss2020 #madeinitaly #milano A post shared by  Msg.mm (@msg.mm) on Sep 21, 2019 at 1:10pm PDT  In Milan, the Versace show made sure to include some curious keychains in the form of gilded matchbooks and Versace pill packets that even have the Medusa head logo pressed into the pills floating inside. 7. Celine Perfume Pendants    #celine #hedislimane #summer collections. #celinebyhedislimane #70sfashion A post shared by  Celine by Hedi Slimane (@celinebyhedislimane) on Sep 28, 2019 at 6:34pm PDT  Following the announcement of Celine’s Haute Parfumerie opening at Celine boutiques in late October, the Spring/Summer 2020 collection nodded at the house’s latest foray into fragrance with Victorian-era perfume pendants that hold a trial size of your signature scent, perfect for on-the-go. 8. Moschino Surrealist Handbag    💄💋ᎶĹᗛṀƟỰƦ ᗷℨᗛỰŦƳ💄: Moschino S/S20 For more fashion pictures visit my fashion blog!🤑 https://ladolcevitabella.wixsite.com/ladolcevitabella‪ ‬#moschino #moschinoss20 #ss20 #mfw #instaitaly #milano #igersmilano #italy #milanfashionweek #luxuryfashion #fashionista #vogue #fashionblogger #fashionstylist #fashionoftheday #beautyblogger #beauty #hairstyles #nailsofinstagram #fashionmagazine #fashioneditorial #womensfashion #fashioninspiration #luxurymakeup #runwaymodel #fashioninspo #fashionweek A post shared by  AℑČẌ (@ixx_.xo) on Sep 21, 2019 at 4:40pm PDT  Jeremy Scott’s Moschino literally brought us inside a Picasso this Spring/Summer season. One of the most unusual elements of the show was the hidden handbags made to seem as though they are extensions of the look. 9. Tom Ford Front Seam Stockings    Discover the TOM FORD SS20 Collection. #TOMFORD #TOMFORDSS20 #NYFW A post shared by  TOM FORD (@tomford) on Sep 11, 2019 at 10:07am PDT  Arguably the master of sex appeal, Tom Ford put a new twist on the sexy seamed stocking this season by transferring the seams to the front of the leg rather than the back for an entirely new take on an old favorite. 10. Marc Jacobs’ Butterfly Glasses    #MarcjacobsSS20 Runway 🦋 #marcjacobssunglasses @marcjacobs A post shared by  Safilo Group (@safilogroup) on Sep 27, 2019 at 2:02am PDT  Marc Jacobs had a bit of fun this season showing whimsical, vibrant looks that don’t take things too seriously. One of the spotlighted accessories from the show were these oversized butterfly glasses that seemingly make Halloween everyday.  The "Space Cowboy" vocalist anoints a holiday special as her next endeavor. The "Space Cowboy" vocalist anoints a holiday special as her next endeavor. Text: Dylan Kelly Crisp air and fallen leaves signal the dawn of the holiday season, and Kacey Musgraves is already in the midst of crafting a grand welcome for the most wonderful time of the year. The American singer-songwriter and Grammy award winner is partnering with Amazon to release The Kacey Musgraves Christmas Show and an accompanying album just in time for all of the mistletoe madness.  Featuring an impressive line-up of pop culture’s finest, Musgraves enlisted Dan Levy, Fred Armisen, Leon Bridges, Camila Cabello, James Corden, Lana Del Rey, Zooey Deschanel, Kendall Jenner, Troye Sivan, Radio City Rockettes, and Nana to take Christmas celebrations to an entirely new level. Looking at her unprecedented team of creatives, Spacey Kacey will surely be making room on the throne of holiday’s musical icons next to Michael Buble and Mariah Carey.  “I can say without a doubt that this project is unlike anything I’ve ever done before. What started as the small seed of an idea one night over a year ago has turned into something I’m so proud of. Some truly brilliant comedic and musical guests are featured in the show—as well as my own Grandma,” Musgraves explained in a statement. “My vision was to bring my old Christmas album to life visually and create a modern and fashionable, fresh take on a classic format. It’s a nostalgic, Wes Anderson-inspired reimagining of the holidays. It’s heartfelt, funny, and most of all, real. I can’t wait to finally share.” Below, take a look at the setlist for Kacey’s Christmas extravaganza: “Let It Snow” ft. James Corden “Countdown” — Dialogue “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas” “Getting Ready” — Dialogue “Present Without a Bow” ft. Leon Bridges “Making a List” — Dialogue “Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree” ft. Camila Cabello “(Not So) Silent Night” ft. Fred Armisen “Christmas Makes Me Cry” “Amp It Up, Dan” — Dialogue “Christmas Fail” — Dialogue “Mele Kalikimaka”[ft. Zooey Deschanel “Cookies” — Dialogue “Glittery” ft. Troye Sivan “I’ll Be Home Intro” — Dialogue “I’ll Be Home For Christmas” ft. Lana Del Rey “NANA!” — Dialogue “Ribbons and Bows” ft. the Radio City Rockettes Coming to Amazon’s audiences on November 30, The Kacey Musgraves Christmas Show will offer a modern take on the timelessness of tradition. Watch the teaser trailer for the special holiday production below.    In V115, our favorite fresh faces take fall's abundance of reflective and fluorescent pieces for a spin. In V115, our favorite fresh faces take fall's abundance of reflective and fluorescent pieces for a spin. Photography: Blair Getz Mezibov Styling: Julie Ragolia 
This spread appears in the pages on V115, our Fall 2018 issue. Head to shop.vmagazine.com to order your copy today!  Just another reason why V can't get enough of her! Just another reason why V can't get enough of her! Text: AJ Longabaugh Fashion month comes twice a year and within these 60 days a model's life is turned into high-gear and with high-demand every hour of every day is filled with either an appointment, fitting, go-see, or an appearance. One model who knows this world all too well and slays it like a pro is supermodel, Bella Hadid. Making notable appearances on nearly every runway in Milan and Paris, Bella's standout stride flawlessly finds itself moving from one thing to the next, to the next, and then to the next thing. This season Virgil Abloh made a powerhouse move by enlisting Ms. Hadid and bestie and fellow model Kendall Jenner to team up and both open his Off-White, track-and-field ready collection. V took to our Instagram posting this image captioning it, "Supermodel double trouble @off___white like. #SS19 #PFW"  Supermodel double trouble at @off____white like 👯 #SS19 #PFW A post shared by  V Magazine (@vmagazine) on Sep 27, 2018 at 12:51pm PDT At no surprise the comments starting flowing in including one stating, "These ain't no supermodels. They cannot walk. They have no grace. Heavy footed with zero proper glare. They are not super models. They are hot rich kids." Before anyone could defend or take further comment on the duo, our queen Bella Hadid did the honors by shutting it down and clapping back saying, "next time you walk a runway let me know how it goes (heart emoji)" That ladies and gentlemen is how it's done, and to V is a super move by a supermodel!  Take a closer glimpse at what Linder has crafted for this coming Spring/Summer Season! Take a closer glimpse at what Linder has crafted for this coming Spring/Summer Season! Photography: Delwin Kamara      Ahead of 'Crazy Rich Asians,' a look back at the star's best style moments. Ahead of 'Crazy Rich Asians,' a look back at the star's best style moments. Text: Tess Garcia 
On Thursday, August 2, FASHION released its September 2018 cover story featuring Constance Wu, the star of the upcoming film adaptation of Crazy Rich Asians. But don't be mistaken: Wu has been in this game, making a lasting impression on both the film and fashion industries for the better part of the decade. 
Through her portrayal of protagonist Jessica Huang in Fresh Off the Boat, the 36-year-old has solidified her status as a Hollywood mainstay, amassing a host of memorable fashion moments along the way. From editorial to street style to red carpet chic, Wu's sophisticated femininity never fails to pack a punch. 
While you wait for Crazy Rich Asians to hit theaters (August 15, mark your calendars), take a look at Wu's most show-stopping outfits to date below.  The stars align in Prada’s latest advertorial campaign video. The stars align in Prada’s latest advertorial campaign video. Text: Thomas Chou What do you get when you cross high fashion with drag and Hollywood? Prada’s latest video campaign for its FW 2018 collection, Prada Neon Dream, aims to answer that. Featuring drag superstar, Violet Chachki, and actress Sarah Paulson, the video explores Las Vegas glamor all the while showcasing some of Prada’s most innovative designs. Chachki stars as Marilyn Monroe, while Paulson plays a worker at a hotel on the strip. Full of bright lights, feather boas, and Prada’s newest heels, the video directed by Willy Vanderperre is a hallucinogenic fusion of fashion, and high brow art direction. While neither Chachki or Paulson are strangers to the spotlight, this advertorial campaign marks a momentous foray into high fashion for both. Although it’s become common for popular actresses to be plucked into the world of fashion (think Emma Stone, Kristen Stewart, Alicia Vikander), Paulson represents a breath of fresh air as not just the face of a brand, but rather is given the opportunity to show off her acting chops. Furthermore, Chachki’s starring role in the short film demonstrates the versatility of drag performers, and helps re-contextualize a widely marginalized community through the lens of commercial fashion. Watch the campaign video below.  ...and it's receiving a lot of backlash. ...and it's receiving a lot of backlash. Text: Lilly Pace The latest celebrity to venture into the world of makeup is none other than Bella Thorne. This weekend, the former Disney star launched her new brand, Filthy Fangs, with the release of two eyeshadow palettes. Although highly criticized on Twitter for being too expensive, the $50 and $60 glittery palettes sold out on the first day. The young actress posted swatches of the shadows on Instagram and promised to notify fans when the palettes are back in stock.  Swatches 😍 you asked 4 them so I give them 2 you 💎💎💎 link in my bio for the re stock A post shared by  BELLA (@bellathorne) on Aug 12, 2018 at 11:29am PDT In addition to backlash over the affordability of the makeup, many Twitter users also accused Bella of copying eyeshadow palettes from indie makeup brand Juvia's Place. "It’s unacceptable, seems like Bella’s team members didn’t do enough research," stated Juvia's Place owner Chichi Eburu. "Hopefully, they learn from this experience and move forward shining. We wish them the very best of luck." Bella took to Twitter to clap back at Chichi's statement. I betu we have the same https://t.co/T8Zhegja0V suppose to look up every pallet ever made? How dare some1 else have a purple that looks like mine;) https://t.co/PVJG36mlQB Although the colorful palettes have clearly received mixed reviews, in usual Bella fashion, she doesn't seem to be too bothered by her haters.  Just put out our first drop of the makeup line and it’s almost sold out 😍 couldn’t be more excited I love you guys 😍😍😍 A post shared by  BELLA (@bellathorne) on Aug 11, 2018 at 11:07am PDT  Our favorite Badgalriri fits throughout the first half of 2018. Our favorite Badgalriri fits throughout the first half of 2018. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
It's official. We are halfway around the sun which according to science means we are halfway done with the year 2018. Some people count their days in deadlines others in relationship milestones, I personally count them in every time Rihanna has taken to her gram posting a gag worthy fit. 2018 has been a huge year for the beauty mogul, music maven, and style superstar, and never has it felt more appropriate to say that it has indeed been the "Year of Rihanna." 
Check out our favorite Badgalriri style moments of 2018 (so far), and continue to refresh your feed every minute of everyday for your next dose of fashion glory.    Le Rouge Chanel boasts enough red lipstick to paint the town red. Le Rouge Chanel boasts enough red lipstick to paint the town red. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
If its interlocking black-and-white logo is the symbolic head of the house Chanel, its heart is a stick of vermillion red rouge; since Gabrielle Chanel released her first lipstick in 1924, the shade has served as the brand's signature color. Now Chanel Beauty is shining a light on that rose-tinted history with Le Rouge Chanel, a pop-up shop offering curated programming and special-edition beauty products, from a full-spectrum kit of red makeup to a $30,000 perfume bottle.  
Through a row of neon Chanel N°5-shaped arches, visitors will find a bilevel array of beauty stations, including fragrance lounge, lip bar and nail studio. Throughout the shop's month-long tenure, the facilities will be host to specialized consultations and pampering sessions, like make-up tutorials by professional Chanel MUAs and free manicures by star nail artist Madeline Pool (this Wednesday, December 12).  
The pop-up, which runs until December 23, also offers special-edition red bottles of Chanel N°5  fragrance, marking the first time that house has reimagined the iconic bottle in color. In addition to the standard special-editions, a super-special-edition Le Rouge N°5 comes encased in red Baccarat crystal and retails for $30,000. See inside the red-all-over pop-up shop, located at 5 East 57th Street 
in New York City, below.   Get to know the Italian designer rising up in the ranks. Get to know the Italian designer rising up in the ranks. Text: Danielle Combs 
Most burgeoning designers dream of a mentorship with the revolutionary Rei Kawakubo, and for Sara Lanzi, the experience has helped to catapult her into the limelight. Since showing her first collection during Paris Fashion Week in 2007, Kawakubo has been a silent figure, popping into Lanzi’s studio each season to view her collections composed of subtle serene colors, voluminous silhouettes, and whimsical designs. 
Today, the self-taught designer heralding from Perugia, Italy is well on her way to establishing her eponymous line, now stocked at Dover Street Market in New York and London. In an exclusive interview with V, Sara Lanzi sits down to discuss her mentorship with the legendary designer, how subtle types of femininity influence her designs, and her harmonious approach to crafting clothes. 
At what moment, did you decide you wanted to work in fashion or become a fashion designer?  
It happened by chance. Since I remember, I was always drawing clothes, but I never took it seriously. I started with fashion when I was still attending university. I had my own style, someone noticed it, and directed me to a fashion company. At first I worked on the images, then I was asked to make a small sequence of geometric pieces. After a while, I started working on my personal project. 
How did growing up in Italy enhance or change the way you perceive fashion?  
I was a child and a teenager in the ‘80s, and I was completely fascinated by fashion. After all, it seemed like a very distant world, unattainable with its golden shining of magic and power. The word stilista, used in Italy well before the birth of the stylist, inspired reverence and also a certain subjection. Growing up during those years has certainly influenced my sensitivity—perhaps this is why I loved Romeo Gigli above all, who marked a step forward compared to the assertiveness of that time. 
How did being a self-taught designer allow you to grow or experiment with new designs?  
The most difficult part was not the invention but rather the production of a piece of clothing, and therefore the construction of a collection. For me it was essential to know and try to master all the phases of the work, including the production process. Precisely because I was not a fashion designer, I needed to create a personal and intimate context in which I could experiment and grow. 
Rei Kawakubo has been one of your mentors. How did having her guidance along the way help you to find your voice or aesthetic as a designer? And how did the two of you meet?  
We met in my showroom during Paris Fashion Week, years ago. She came for a buying appointment and it was an incredibly emotional experience for me. Rei is apart of every designer's heritage due to the enormous cultural impact of her research and work. Comme des Garçons is an indispensable reference; a statement, for girls who do not want to feel trapped in the imposition of cuteness. She possessed all the characteristics one can hope for from a mentor—strength, courage, and generosity. 
Your collections possess a certain air of whimsy mixed with serene colors. How would you describe your aesthetic as a designer? What are the materials and silhouettes you’re typically drawn to?  
I'm looking for a balance, maybe because I'm a Libra. I like to play with tensions, lines of opposing force to be composed in a harmonious picture. They can be colors, fabrics, or proportions. I need to have a contrast, however it must be subtle and discreet. 
Your black vinyl-coated ruffled coat and dress are some of my favorite pieces from your line. What inspired you to craft such awe-inducing garments?  
The coat was something that I wanted to keep clean and liquid. Because the material is light and flat, even if the shininess gives it a 3D depth, I added movement with maxi ruffles and adjustable flounces. This is the part of the collection that speaks a little louder. The collection is like a song: you need to have different tones to make it sound. 
What is your creative design process like? Where do you look for inspiration?  
I am always inspired by materials that I match with the sort of femininity I am interested in. So fabrics are the first input. Also, I have my archetypes that make up my vocabulary or the dialogue between femininity and masculinity, the balance between rigour and lightness, poetry and strength. These are topics that I face in each collection. 
How did it feel when you heard that Dover Street Market in New York and London would be selling your pieces?  
I was ecstatic and it was a very important moment for my work. In addition to being part of one of the most contemporary concept stores in the world, it meant starting to deal with great professionals, a contingency that ushered in a period of growth, for myself and for my brand. 
What is the best piece of advice you’ve received in your career thus far?  
Someone once told me that clothes must be real, and I always keep it in my mind when I’m designing.   Calvin Klein has partnered with The Andy Warhol Foundation for a groundbreaking capsule collection. Calvin Klein has partnered with The Andy Warhol Foundation for a groundbreaking capsule collection. Text: Erin McDowell 
This Valentine's Day, your Calvins are getting a Warhol-inspired upgrade. In collaboration with the legendary artist's foundation, Calvin Klein has printed stills from Andy Warhol's film "Kiss" on a capsule collection of underwear. 
The collection will cater to both the brand's men's and women's lines, and feature photos taken from the less widely-known film, which showed couples of opposite and same genders kissing for extended periods of time. Calvin Klein's creative director, Raf Simons, is reportedly continuing the collaboration with The Andy Warhol Foundation through 2020, so more Warholian garments are expected to drop. 
Check out the entire campaign in the slideshow below.   In glitzy form, Emporio Armani's FW18 collection infuses ready-to-wear daytime attire with evening flair. Oversized shimmery pinstripes, glittery rompers, and party dresses galore make up this fresh collection. Check out our exclusive backstage photos below. In glitzy form, Emporio Armani's FW18 collection infuses ready-to-wear daytime attire with evening flair. Oversized shimmery pinstripes, glittery rompers, and party dresses galore make up this fresh collection. Check out our exclusive backstage photos below. Photography: Caroline Levy   V chatted with Cara about London, L.A., and why she prefers to wear her Burberry trench in the nude. V chatted with Cara about London, L.A., and why she prefers to wear her Burberry trench in the nude. Text: Stella Pak Describing Cara Delevingne as multi-faceted wouldn’t do her justice. It’s hard to pull away from her essence when there’s so much all at first impact. She’s delicate, playful, and edgy with a quick wit and a deep old soul for all of us to see. It’s no surprise she stole fashion’s heart 8 years ago with her Burberry debut and has stayed with us through her modeling and acting career. For her latest project as the face of HER, shot by Juergen Teller, she’s at home in the comforts of being a Londoner as her voice for the campaign takes us on a casual weekend stroll. So imagine iconic perfumer, Francis Kurkdjian creating a fragrance considering Cara Delevingne as the face for Burberry HER. He created a sweet, airy gourmand with dark berries hovering and jasmine binding the sweetness to a deep amber and musk for a creamy undertone. Compared to most fragrances, what’s different about HER is that all of the elements are revealed at once with its vertical composition. There’s no slow reveal of layered notes that change throughout the day. There’s a constant to HER that doesn’t change. What you smell on first impact stays with you. What are some scents that stand out for you growing up? As a kid I didn’t really register what was perfume. I don’t know what the brands were but you have the memory of scent. But for me the smells of what my grandma used like Elnett or Talcum powder or cigarettes. What’s the smell of London to you? London is a constantly changing smell. It’s never one thing. I keep going back to this. Moving. That’s what London is. It’s filled with energy and it’s so busy. You can walk around Soho and smell so many cultures in one place. You have amazing Indian food, and Chinese food and bakeries. It’s an amazing cultivation of so many different cultures in one place. You can smell the traffic and right next door there’s a park where you can smell the flowers. It’s such a mixture of smells. Sometimes it’s not all good. But it’s a nice mixture. What are the characteristics of London you bring to LA now that you live there? I feel like I bring the characteristics of London everywhere I go because I will always be a Londoner. That’s definitely more international with the time I spent here. London will innately always be in my blood. I feel like I ooze London. Maybe it’s the accent and maybe it’s the zest for life. Hopefully I’ll bring that over to LA because LA needs it. Francis Kurkdjian looked to your essence as inspiration for the scent knowing you would be the campaign model. Do you think he describes you well? I’m so grateful for that. The fact that someone thought of me as an inspiration for a scent he spent that long making is crazy. Yeah. I think he captured it really well. Whatever he thinks of me. If that’s me in a perfume, thank you. It’s so sweet. I knew about Francis because I knew he created the perfume and how much he’s been in the business for 25 years. He doesn’t even wear perfume though. It’s really interesting. It’s an art for him. It takes 18 months for him (to create). So the care he puts into it… he knows this and this smell good, this and this doesn’t. It depends on whose body you put that scent on. Just the way he spoke about it. I can listen to him all day. The passion he has talking about it. What does Burberry represent for you? Burberry represents so many things for me but it really represents family. And it represents this creative energy where it’s the gift that keeps on giving. Burberry never gets old. It never gets boring. It never ceases to amaze me. It’s something like coming home every time I work for them. We gossip and catch up and it really doesn’t feel like work. And we end up creating something different every time and something true to what Burberry is. Did you think it would be for 8 years? I thought it would be for one campaign but for 8 years! I hope it never ends. What’s the best way to wearing a trench? I personally like to wear a trench naked. It’s one of those things where you’re just naked and you put on your trench coat. There’s a particular way you fold the sleeves and pull it up. There’s a particular way you tie the belt. I feel like everyone has their own way of wearing it but I like to have the collar up. There’s something so cool about wearing a trench coat like that. Even like, going out to get the milk from the street, I just put on my trench coat naked and go out. Why not? It’s very chic. You worked on the soundtrack for the campaign. What are your musical influences and what are you listening to now? I mean I love music. All genres of music. There’s so much music now it takes a while to sift through. I’m not necessarily all into pop music. I love old school music. I love Nina Simone, Stevie Nicks and Janis Joplin, Erykah Badu and Fiona Apple. The strong female sound. I’m listening to Cardi B’s new album. Drip. I like it. It’s so good. You did a song with Pharrell for Chanel. And you did another for the Burberry HER campaign. Can we expect a Cara album? We’ll have to wait and see. Music is something I’d like to pursue for the rest of my life. But it’s not something that I do… I don’t want to do music for success or for money. I want to do it for the love of music. So it’s something selfishly I like to do for myself. But maybe one day… Order your bottle of Burberry Her, here!  Cardi B Releases highly anticipated music video for “Press”, making a caricature out of her own recent legal battles. Cardi B Releases highly anticipated music video for “Press”, making a caricature out of her own recent legal battles. Text: Czar Van Gaal Arguably the biggest thing since sliced bread, Cardi B has had quite the trajectory over the past two years. She first hit the airwaves in 2017 with Bodak Yellow, a catchy club anthem that quickly spread until the song was inescapable (and is now forever etched onto our brains). Following the mainstream success of her first single, Cardi went on to release a chart-topping debut album, Invasion of Privacy, in 2018.   The Bronx-born rapper has garnered a cult-like fan base (with partial thanks to her tell-it-like-it-is attitude) and in turn earned herself a slew of Grammy nominations. That unapologetic honesty that the world can’t get enough of has proven to be Cardi’s greatest strength, and kryptonite. From rap beefs and gala brawls to her most recent night club fiasco that landed her in court, trouble (and success) seem to follow her in equal measure.  Earlier in the week, the rapper entered a plea of not guilty for felony assault charges pending against her. From the moment the charges were made public knowledge, Cardi has been radio silent on the matter but that all changed today...well, kind of. While she may have pleaded not guilty in court, in true form the spitfire rapper isn’t pleading her case or taking any prisoners in the highly anticipated music video for “Press”.   Opening with a short-lived sultry night club scene, just as everyone was beginning to get comfortable with one another, Cardi B lets off a gunshot. The rapper is later seen being perp-walked into a police interrogation room while sporting an extravagant Edda Gimnes get-up. Seemingly indifferent to the severity of the circumstances, Cardi puts her feet up on the table, further antagonizing the prosecutor by blowing cigarette smoke in his face.   The bad-girl-gone-worse persona shines through as a Viktor & Rolf Couture-draped Cardi stands trial for murder. After delivering a compelling testimony that sends the courtroom into frenzy, the rapper stages a coup, killing everyone in her wake. Now sentenced to prison, a disheveled Cardi B is escorted to her cell. The dramatized parody of Cardi’s real-life legal woes ends with the rapper drowning her cellmate in the water of a toilet. As entertaining as the music video may be, we can only hope that Cardi B’s life doesn’t imitate her art.  See the press-worthy music video for “Press” below.    Romantic poetics set the tone for the Valentino FW19 show. Romantic poetics set the tone for the Valentino FW19 show. Text: Reshmi Kaur Oberoi 
Valentino ready to wear fall ‘19 was inundated with the millennial concept of self-affirmation- there is love in everything, never unrequited, but just requires some searching. Creative director, Pierpaolo Picioli, solidified the abstract concept with curated poetry embroidered onto the garments. Though haute couture fashion week has passed, Picioli took it upon himself to reimagine the Handcrafted ‘high fashion’ with handwritten poetics that he describes as being “similar to couture.” something that can belong to both the past and to this time. And though the idea of one manifesting love by finding the beauty by actively seeking it out contrasts with the pre Match.com era where love at first sight was probably how your parents met, Picioli begs to differ: “poetry belongs to both the past and to this time,” he said. According to the Roman-educated designer, holding literature and design degrees, one “can find poetry through dress.” And just like libraries have made way for e-readers, Valentino managed to make the case for an even more mobile read. 
Still, Valentino On Love, a book of carefully selected poetry, lay on the seats of show attendees. Words aside, graphic prints created by Undercover’s Jun Takahashi covered the garments in moving art. There were symbolic red roses and human neo-classical Roman scluptures in embrace. Effervescent silks and crepe dresses accompanied comfortable hoodies and resplendent feather locks on floor length coats. Leather and black as well as typical Scandinavian-knits like intarsia rounded out the thematic but seasonal collection. The Roman maison punctuated its Paris showing with its cultural legacy: mythical love, architectural ruins that are maintained in time capsule splendor and Euro-centric sensibility that doesn’t isolate comfort - referring to weather-cognizance as opposed to sweats - from fashionable enterprise. 
Pat McGrath’s beauty included vibrant spring-like pops of color only around the eyes. Flashes of violet, hibiscus pink, and verdant green blurred across eyelids. Sharply darkened lashes brushed with an ordinate amount of mascara completed the look. The rest of the face was neutral, perhaps some highlighter, and pared down in contrast to the bespoke quality of structural silhouettes and street-wear vibes of the garments that were not confined to any color scheme, instead epitomizing ready to wear: a personal wardrobe based on preferences. 
When not sporting bucket hats that invoke equal parts mystery, equestrian sport, fishing, the models sported natural hairstyles that weren’t effortless but not carefully worked either. If your hair was already cropped short, it was simply combed and had product. If long, a “veil” or wispy tendrils that framed the face were released from otherwise tightly wound hair in back-of-head buns. 
A trifecta of ruched-Victorian inspired collared long-sleeve transparent gowns, nipped at the waist walked the ramp in old world romance. The models revealed their breasts on full display, revealing only a mini skirt for modesty. The secrecy of love continued to reveal itself in stitched poetics on hems and inner lining of sleeves so that peeling back the layers of autumnal cold indoors insulated warmth in more ways than one. Additionally, common motifs associated with cooler temperatures, like an earlier sunset and dusky nightfall, suggested an enlightened human connection: “There’s a forever beyond the sky. I think we should go there tonight.” Another example was: “You thought I was too dark until I stretched you into a galaxy.”   Collina Strada presents a colorful array for environmentally conscious fashion for their Fall 2019 show. Collina Strada presents a colorful array for environmentally conscious fashion for their Fall 2019 show. Text: Harshvardhan Shah 
Collina Strada's creative director, Hillary Taymour, used 75% deadstock fabric for her Fall 2019 collection, which is strongly relevant to the environmental zeitgeist and comments on current trends in the media. These topics of conscious consumption are themes the brand hasn't shied away from. Taymour's show started off with a speech from hip-hop artist and activist Xiuhtezcatl Martinez, who spoke about the importance of protecting the planet and preserving Mother Earth as models began to walk down the runway. 
Taymour released a statement surrounding the message of her show prclaiming, "I will be the first to admit that I buy a plastic water bottle at the airport when I travel. I order from Seamless instead of cooking. I am an avoid amazon user, when I could be shopping locally. But this year I am vowing to stop. I want to make choices with an environmentally conscious mindset and realize that every purchase we make affects our future". 
The designer truly embodied this mantra in her show, partnering with 4Ocean in bringing together a stronger, more powerful message to her audience. The vintage dead stock fabrics used for the collection were hand painted and re-dyed, rebirthing the repurposed fabrics into new garments with new life and character. 
See below for a gallery of the collection serving pattern play and notes on consumption.   See Mariacarla Boscono sizzle in the scantily clad campaign. See Mariacarla Boscono sizzle in the scantily clad campaign. Text: Megan Kasselberg 
Shot by Tyrone Lebon, the Proenza Schouler SS18 campaign marks a new chapter for designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez. The collection was shown in Paris during Haute Couture, unlike past seasons, and combines pre-collection and runway to make the looks more accessible to consumers. 
The images feature model Mariacarla Boscono, who walked Chanel and Versace this year, in various states of undress against contrasting white, black and red backgrounds in a studio. The minimalist and sophisticated designs are sure to interest Proenza Schouler's core fan base, and will differentiate the line from the brand's eclectic new 'White Label.' Both campaigns are youthful and sensual, celebrating the women who wear Proenza Schouler. Check out the SS18 images below.    Striking. Modern. Pure: That’s what you can expect from the Giuseppe Zannotti S/S ’19 collection. Striking. Modern. Pure: That’s what you can expect from the Giuseppe Zannotti S/S ’19 collection. Text: Reshmi Kaur Oberoi 
Giuseppe Zanotti launched their Spring/Summer 2019 collection with an ode to blooming Spring flowers and stilettos. In a series of monochromatic garments against a white backdrop, 21-year-old supermodel, Grace Elizabeth, proved that sky-high pencil heels can be a girl’s best friends instead of reinforcing the old adage - beauty is pain. 
A short clip released by Zannotti shows the model sporting a relaxed expression of ease, otherwise unexpressive, as she pivots in an oversized black blazer and sashayed on black ankle-strap sandals with a handcrafted peony jutting out of the back. Tucking her hair behind her ears, she admires them, before the next scene showcased the sandal with a thick rhinestone ankle strap and bow-like leopard print strap across the toes. In a black tank, her hands were in the pockets of her high-waist black chinos. Clearly, wearing the heels doesn't require arms aloft in a high-wire balancing act. And yet Grace sat only while wearing flats, black T-strap sandals with a large square rhinestone in the center. There is a blush pink satin stiletto with bow in the back identical swung over one of Grace’s arms like a new, modern take on ballet slippers. The final scene is of a black stiletto, rhinestones across the toes and a small charm hanging on the ankle strap, that paired with the purely sensible ensemble of white t-shirt and black trousers. 
Striking. Modern. Pure: That’s what you can expect from the Giuseppe Zannotti S/S ’19 collection.  Bold, over-the-top glamour defines the head-turning looks of the season. Bold, over-the-top glamour defines the head-turning looks of the season.  This article appears in the pages of V112, on newsstands now. Order your copy now at vmagazineshop.com.   Photography: Carin Backoff Styling: Elissa Santisi Text: Angelica Manos 
This season's fusion of uptown elegance and downtown nonchalance converge in a Midtown New York City penthouse. Make yourself at home. 
[slideshow_button slideshow_id="132790" slideshow_title="V Presents: Check Into Fall"] Makeup Benjamin Puckey (Bryant Artists) Hair Diego Da Silva (Streeters) Models Olivia Vinten (DNA), Hiandra Martinez (NEXT) Manicure Eri Handa (MAM) using Chanel Le Vernis Digital technician Denis Vlasov Photo assistants Kyle May, Kevin Vast Stylist assistants Mary Gigler, Claire Tang Makeup assistant Yuko Kawashima Hair assistant Naomi Endo Location Park Lane Hotel New York  Open now at the Musée Yves Saint Laurent Paris, this exhibit features 50 haute couture designs inspired by the fashions of India, China, and Japan. Open now at the Musée Yves Saint Laurent Paris, this exhibit features 50 haute couture designs inspired by the fashions of India, China, and Japan. Text: Chloe Laguette 
As the museum's first temporary exhibition, "Dreams Of the Orient"  is now on display at the year old Musée Yves Saint Laurent Paris. More than fifty of the French designer's Asian-inspired haute couture designs will be on display in tandem with dialogue and other Asian artworks borrowed from the Musée national des arts asiatiques - Guimet and private collectors. 
Saint Laurent himself claimed he was always inspired by Asian culture, however, as the New York Times reports, the collection reveals he rarely visited the countries in person, with Japan being the only exception. This is shown in the kimonos of Kyoto courtesans to Kabuki theater costumes. His obsession with India (a place he has never visited), is represented in the fabrics, jewels and various reinterpretations of the turban and sari. 
"All I have to do to blend into a place or a landscape is to read a book or look at a picture, and then use my imagination," Laurent famously declared, "I have been to every country in my dreams." 
Other highlights in the exhibition include silk brocade jackets and emperor gowns from his fall 1977 Les Chinoises collection, in red floral prints and gold dragon-like scales. Dresses with silhouettes inspired by a Ming dynasty vase are displayed next to Laurent's original sketches of a perfume bottle for the controversial Opium fragrance introduced the same year. 
“Asia was a recurring theme for Mr. Saint Laurent but a place he largely visited through imaginary travels, rarely in real life,” Aurélie Samuel, the exhibition’s curator, said in an interview with The New York Times “But he knew so much about the history and heritage of these countries, and that shines through in his work. These garments are a reminder of the power of his dreams.”    The J.W. Anderson show included fringe, self-references, and the sneaker of the future. The J.W. Anderson show included fringe, self-references, and the sneaker of the future. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
Jonathan Anderson, who was born in Ireland and raised partially in pre-bottle service Ibiza, embodies a unique mix of cosmopolitan and provincial, splitting his energies between the venerated Spanish house Loewe and his London-based (and formerly men’s-based) eponym J.W. Anderson. The J.W. Anderson SS19 collection, which showed on Saturday in London, wove together a few of Anderson’s creative threads, from the imported elegance of Loewe to the streamlined minimalism of his menswear. 
Telegraphing Basque-style materiality (true to Anderson's upbringing and ongoing obsession with craft), the collection interspersed fringe with oversized suits and patent leather equestrian boots. (Looks were paired with Matahari-like headdresses across the board, adding to the overcurrent of femme fatale-ism). But not everything was referential; Anderson’s truly original-looking chunky Converses seemed the perfect shoe for taking you from the old country to the city. 
Check out some of J.W. Anderson's SS19 collection below! 
 
 
 
 
 
  The designer talks to V at the height of her most recent show and special campaigns with Levi's and Converse. The designer talks to V at the height of her most recent show and special campaigns with Levi's and Converse. Text: Gretty Garcia Feng Chen Wang's  VFILES biography reads "translating the anatomical into the sartorial." Just about anyone who bears witness to anything from the designer's tangible collections to her intangible vibrant disposition can attest to the validity of this statement.  Luckily for V, we got to experience both. "Feng," and she refers to herself, produces works inherently anecdotal, but that also somehow convey the themes and motifs pertaining to humanity at large: Her most recent Spring 2019 collection is a manifestation of this. Speaking with graciousness and candor, the designer unabashedly relayed to us the importance of self-expression literally coming from the self, her humbled joy over her continually growing list of accomplishments, collaborations, and collections, and her excitement for the future and the road ahead. Described as honoring "The form and functionality of six past models...specifically, the original 501 from 1873, the 1933 Cowboy job, the 1937 Red Tab jean, the 1944 World War 2 jean, the Post-WWII 1947 jean and the 1954 zipper jean," the collaboration between Feng Chen Wang and Levi's for the 501 jeans serves as a microcosm of the ways in which the young designer's ambitious projects prove to be multifaceted by nature. Working with brands such as the iconic Levi's and Converse not only involves innovation and a freshness that the designer innately has, but, also involves taking the time to underscore the past and appreciate the singularity of timeless classics. For instance, Wang very recently took a trip to the Levi’s archive in San Francisco in order to learn firsthand about how different individuals connected to the Levi's company in addition to esteemed collections of jeans that it has released throughout the course of its history. Regarding the experience of collaborating with Levi's, the designer revealed: "It’s been a great experience for me. I feel that Levi’s already has such a great history, and I really enjoy looking at the stories I learned - you realize quickly that you don’t need to make something up to produce a design. I really enjoy looking at the fact, taking inspiration from it, and then creating the FCW [Feng Chen Wang] version.” After graduating in 2015 from the prestigious Royal College of Art in London with a Master’s degree in Menswear Fashion, the young designer faced personal challenges. Her father was diagnosed with cancer, and she initially was weary at the thought of her fellow recent graduates and design colleagues quickly finding their place in the realm of fashion. Despite this, Wang continuously reflected upon the self to guide her through. "I am Chinese and my parents lived in China and I lived in the UK and I went back to China to look at my father and spend time with my father in the hospital, so it caused quite big things for me...It was my first time facing a big thing in life and that made me feel alone, especially being a really emotional person - so, it made me feel a lot. When I went back to London, I hadn’t prepared anything and all of my classmates had already prepared and made a lot of things and it was a bit stressful, but this brought me into myself in a lot of ways and got me to start designing from the feeling and what happened around me - especially from my father. You don’t need to create a new story... I just drew everything that I felt and brought everything to school to show everyone and they were like super quiet [laughs] and that was how my connection came out and brought me to another level. It defined me and my brand and my style as well. It's why every season is so different whether it is made in China or whatever the topic is going to be; it is all from my heart and what is around me and who is around me. I tell the story in my way and use technique to translate that into a connection and that is quite important." Despite design being innate to Wang, though, she didn't always want to be in fashion - she just knew that the haphazard amalgamation of things she was good at would not have allowed her to do anything else in life. Wang revealed: "When I was young, people asked me what I wanted to be and I would always say ‘oh I want to be an artist.’ I didn't even know what that meant or what kind of artists there were, but it’s true - you just know. You just know what kind of colors blend well and what garments go well together and you know the material. People kept saying ‘Hey, Feng, why are you choosing these fabrics or putting these colors together? It’s something unusual! It’s hard to imagine how people are going to wear these on the street.’ But, I just felt like it came naturally from inside me...It was always easy." This seamless gift is certainly why celebrities such as Rihanna and Beyoncé have been seen out in the designer's garments. Luckily for us, though, Wang has plans on expanding into other creative realms and projects. "Maybe in the future...something with music or the arts or something totally different not in the clothes or fashion area" says the young designer. But, it seems to be the case that this occupational appendage is already in its nascent stages. The entirety of her most recent Spring 2019 show - quite literally - was managed by her:  "For this show, we created not just the clothes in fashion show, but also the set design this season... I’m the director for everything and am trying to become director in the future as well, but this season is interesting in that we have a massive set design. Morning and night and many hours went into making these things because we make it in house. This is a special season, and you can't produce this in any other place."  After speaking to Wang, though, it was not easy to affirm the correlation between a special season and a special designer making it all happen.  To keep the spark and excitement alive in the gift-giving arena, V has rounded up the most stylish gifts to give this Valentine's Day. To keep the spark and excitement alive in the gift-giving arena, V has rounded up the most stylish gifts to give this Valentine's Day. Text: Danielle Combs  For SS19, the iconic designer pays homage to the brand's historical significance debuting the vision he has to usher in the next era. For SS19, the iconic designer pays homage to the brand's historical significance debuting the vision he has to usher in the next era. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
Unanimously counted by outlets and fashion leaders at large as the most highly-anticipated showing of London Fashion Week, Riccardo Tisci's debut collection for Burberry has been at the forefront of the industry's mind juggling back and forth what the iconic designer may have in store for the SS19 season. Well ladies and gentlemen, the verdict is in: Riccardo Tisci's inaugural collection successfully pays homage to his inheritance, focuses in on saturated innovation and design, and shines a light on the heritage staple's exciting future. 
Kicking off the collection on a high, Tisci's first creations are the embodiment of a yesteryear Burberry; one where beige tailoring reigns supreme and coats are all the rage. Falling crisply at the knee, the trench coats emerge with rising supermodel Anok Yai emerging in a stunning dark leather skirt with a sporty-infused low neck top. After Yai's entrance, the rest of the collection begins to slowly evolve. The designer's reimagined print makes its way onto the runway both small and large, as scarves and blouses. A full-circle moment occurs when one of Tisci's muses Kendall Jenner arrives wearing a perfectly tailored coat with a trim brimming with magic. Other exciting appearances include Irina Shayk, Jourdan Dunn, and rising face Olivia Anakwe. 
The show then launches into this coming spring's menswear offerings, a roster of high-tailored of suits, jackets, and accessories that eventually form into more athletic low-key styles, still elevated but ever-modern and move savvy. 
The modernity that Tisci has brought to onto the Burberry stage is a hearty palate cleanser, warming up to the notion that big things are on the horizon for the brand. His tactic to dabble into a more well-rounded collection instead of entirely re-imagining an unrecognizable Burberry isn't Tisci playing it safe, it's him playing smart and ending the show with a range of simple, black dresses couldn't be more surprising or satisfying. A fashionable decision for all parties involved is testament to his knowledgeable genius and secure place as a bona fide leader in the industry. Bravo, Riccardo Tisici! 
                            A brief retrospective on the iconic fashions birthed by one of pop culture's greatest films. A brief retrospective on the iconic fashions birthed by one of pop culture's greatest films. Text: Paul Madley   
Before influencers, before millennials there was Cher Horowitz, misguided, well intentioned sweetheart of Beverly Hills 
A snapshot of 90’s americana Clueless is one of the greatest movies of all time, partly because it’s filled with the best fashion moments, Cher and Dionne twinning, Amber’s designer knock-offs, coordinated gym wear and Brittany Murphy’s makeover. There is a reason why this film is a fashion favorite.   
Clueless was released in 1995, the coming-of-age teen rom-com film was written, directed and produced by Amy Heckerling. It stars Alicia Silverstone, Stacey Dash, Paul Rudd and Brittany Murphy. Clueless was loosely based on Jane Austen's 1815 novel Emma. The film grossed $56.1 million in the United States, received positive reviews from critics, developed a cult following, and is considered to be one of the best teen films of all time. The film was followed by a spin-off TV sitcom and series of books. 
Cher along with her bestie Dionne, “She’s my friend because we both know what it’s like to have people be jealous of us,” and new friend Tai, a total “Betty” navigate school grades, parties in the valley, feuds, dating, family life and fashion “this is an Alaïa, it’s like, a totally important designer”. 
We look back at the film’s top looks.       In conversation with friend Sarah Jessica Parker, Sam Smith ruminates on his evolving sound and refreshingly honest yet hopeful mind-set right now. In conversation with friend Sarah Jessica Parker, Sam Smith ruminates on his evolving sound and refreshingly honest yet hopeful mind-set right now. Photography: Nicola Formichetti Styling: Anna Trevelyan Text: Alexandra Ilyashov       
This article originally appears in the pages of V11, on newsstands 1/11/2018. Pre-order your copy at vmagazineshop.com.  
Sam Smith is exactly the voice of freedom we need right now: disarmingly honest about his sexuality, sense of self, and fame. Here, the immensely talented artist leads the charge for an eclectic, vibrant cast of new faces and creative forces shaping today’s dynamic cultural landscape. In an intimate conversation with friend Sarah Jessica Parker, Smith candidly reflects on his emotionally charged career trajectory and personal life, and shares his renewed sense of hope about what lies ahead. 
SAM SMITH: Hello, this is Sam! 
SARAH JESSICA PARKER: Hi Sam! Who said big recording artists aren’t punctual! 
SS: [laughs] I’m very punctual. How are you? 
SJP: I’m well. How are you? 
SS: I’m good. I’m sitting here having a glass of wine. It’s really nice. The last three or four weeks have been absolute madness. 
SJP: First of all, congratulations! I’m so excited to be talking with you. When the first single came out, I was completely gobsmacked, and the album is just magnificent. I expected nothing less, but I feel like you’re the real troubadour of our time. 
SS: Aww, thank you so much. I’m so happy you like the new music. I’ve been so nervous about keeping fans from the first record onto the second. 
SJP: A sophomore album must be very scary—all your own expectations and what you want your audience and fans to experience. You sort of disappeared for a period to take time for yourself, write, and record. How do you maintain that relationship [with fans] and also move forward as an artist and as a young man growing up, whose ideas about himself are changing? 
SS: The key to getting back into a creative space in the last year and a half was home. I needed to be around my family and friends again. After the success of the first record, and especially after the Oscars and everything, I felt like my job and life weren’t relatable to my family and friends, and that really scared me. It was important for me to prove to myself that I could get back to normal, and then, I could write music from a real place again. I went home, living with my best friend and my sister, and we did the things that you do at age 25. It was very, very boring [laughs]—a lot of nights just sitting around, watching TV, and talking. But I got a crash course in being my age again. I grew up a bit too quickly, getting a record deal and with what happened with In the Lonely Hour. I got a lot of money and I didn’t know how to deal with that. All of my other friends who are 25, they don’t have money, they’re still struggling to pay their rent in London.     
 SJP: The relationship with money is so curious, strange, and complicated. 
SS: As a kid, I was very lucky: For five or six years of my life, my mom came into a lot of money. The opposite also happened, where she lost a lot of money and we didn’t have anything. So, I experienced two different sides. When my family hears about the money I make, they’re not celebrating like, “Oh my God. This is incredible.” If anything, they’re helping me try to figure out how to deal, because I find it scary. I get to travel, eat in beautiful restaurants, and take my family on amazing holidays. I feel so lucky and blessed, but I also am very aware that money is scary and it can change people. I’m not a massive spender. My friends and I love chill- ing at Nando’s [laughs], this really good chicken shop where we just watch TV and eat chicken. It’s about getting back to the simple things. Pretending that I was just a normal 25-year-old guy, I kind of convinced myself that I am. 
SJP: Well, I think you are. Everyone has a version of normal. Your intense desire for connection, for finding who you are in the world—developmentally speaking, those are spot-on mid-20s questions. You are such a great interpreter of love, loss, and solitude, and there’s this interior monologue on your first album. But your second album feels sort of like an exorcism [laughs]. You talk about love in a very different way, like you’re more in control of it. You’re not cynical at all, but you sound less naïve. Did that coincide with things happening politically in your country, in our country, and to you maturity-wise? 
SS: Oh, completely. In the past few years, I became a gay man properly. When I wrote that first album, I was in love with a straight man, he didn’t love me back, and I was very comfortable in my longing. With this record, I became a gay man. I started having proper relationships with men. Sometimes they were in the wrong and treated me in a bad way, and sometimes I was in the wrong. Being gay also falls into politics and what’s happening in the world right now. In the time I [took a break], Trump became president. I also went to Iraq, to refugee camps 40 minutes from Mosul, with a charity called War Child [an NGO that works to assist children in conflict zones]. It was the most unbelievable experience of my life. I’m very ashamed that as a kid, I didn’t read the news that much. I was more bothered about going out with my friends than about what was going on [politically], because the news was just depressing to me. After that trip, I felt a huge amount of guilt. I feel like a grown-up, and I’ve opened my eyes to what’s going on in the world. Also, with what’s happening politically, as an artist and songwriter, I always go back to what Nina Simone said about writing about your times and using our voices. I feel like art in general can really save us all right now.       
SJP: You talked about how you feel like you finally became a gay man. You’re of a particular generation where ideas about “the rules”—how one is supposed to be in the world, that there’s a right and wrong way to be a gay man—I don’t know that that applies anymore. I think it’s so interesting you’ve felt that you fell short in some way of being the right kind of gay man. I just read that New York Times article [about Smith, which highlights how he frequently cries during the interview] and I was like, Hmm, what an interesting discussion about making someone feel like they didn’t do something right. It’s peculiar to me. 
SS: That article set me free in a way because I feel like people can really understand my truth. My biggest aim in my life is to just be a kind, good person. That’s all I’ve ever wanted. 
SJP: I know that about you. It’s palpable. 
SS: Thank you. When the New York Times [ran] that and people took it the wrong way, it was just really heartbreaking. I’m just figuring out what it means to be gay. When I made that first album, I was 19. I had never been in a relationship. I didn’t have any gay friends. Now, I have gay friends, and it’s changed my life. I was not aware that with fame, people really start to pay attention to what you say about everything. I wasn’t wised up enough. I’m too honest sometimes. I was just so shocked at how unforgiving the media can be sometimes. But I’m really happy with that article because people can see that I’m coming from a good place. Also, I don’t have a lot to go by as a gay man in music: Even the George Michaels and Elton Johns weren’t out at the beginning of their careers. 
SJP: You haven’t had a reference to emulate. What do you feel hopeful about now? 
SS: It’s exciting seeing people walking the streets and fighting for what they believe in. It’s nice to see people protesting—that excites me. On a personal level, I’m in a relationship right now and for the first time, I think I deserve to be happy. I’m actually asking myself if I’m going to be writing some happy love songs soon. Also, I’m really proud because, even with this whole dreaded second album thing the industry makes everyone concentrate on, I’m putting out a second album that couldn’t be more me—and it couldn’t be gayer. I’m so proud of that. I’m excited to be singing songs like “Him” in parts of the world that maybe aren’t as open in terms of sexuality. To be that raw in front of people is daunting and scary, but the high is incredible. 
SJP: It must be so thrilling. When you’re shooting for film or television, it then goes through this whole period of post-production. By the time it comes out, often I feel so far away from the work. You’ve had new experiences since finishing your second album. It must feel like a younger person, even though it’s a much more mature, informed album.     
 SS: It’s very weird. When I released In the Lonely Hour, I was still very much in love with the person I wrote the album about, so the songs were a real form of therapy. I was singing them as I was in pain. With this album, it’s very strange, I really am past some of the dark things I’m singing about. I can get the message across more because, looking back, I really understand why I wrote these songs. A lot of this album for me is about self-love. When I was writing it, I had a really bad relationship with myself. I didn’t like who I saw in the mirror, and now I really kind of like myself. I enjoy my own company and I feel like I deserve to be loved back. It makes it easier to promote the album. It’s like showing people an old photo album: Sometimes you’re cringing at the bad outfits you’ve worn in the past, but you’re still looking back with love and respect. 
SJP: Between now and when you go on tour, how much of the time is yours? 
SS: It’s a lonely process and sleep deprivation is a huge part of it. The most important part of being a pop music singer is the team you surround yourself with. My team knows how emotional and sensitive I am and they’re very passionate about me, making sure I have days here and there to see my family and friends. 
SJP: You’re so lucky that you’re surrounded by people who really have your best interests in mind. There are so many cautionary tales of people who’ve just been wrung out. How do you protect your voice? 
SS: Well, tequila shots is a definite no. I didn’t drink for three months, but recently, because the album has done really well, it was important to give myself a little bit of a break. Depriving yourself of a good glass of wine can sometimes add more stress. I don’t really have dairy. And Gaviscon is my best friend right now, I take a high dose before I go to bed—it’s an antacid. Very sexy [laughs]. And I train my voice every single day, just like an athlete goes running. I treat my voice like a muscle: I do vocal exercises and actual vocal lessons weekly. It’s about treating those vocal chords in the way that they should be treated. They’re the smallest muscle in the body, so you’ve just got to treat them like a very fragile china doll. I think it’s important that people know in this pop music climate, the demand for promotion is so intense. A lot of artists mime and don’t actually sing. When Adele cancelled her Wembley Stadium show, it absolutely broke my heart, because she is incredible—she did hundreds and hundreds of shows and she didn’t mime once. People need to be more forgiving. 
SJP: Yeah. I always ask about process because I think we don’t really know if we’re not in that discipline ourselves. Everybody looks to a new year with lots of hope, promise, and potential. What are you looking forward to? 
SS: I hope I fall into a deep, beautiful relationship where I allow someone to love me back as much as I love them. I hope my family and friends get happier and stay healthy. I want to fall in love with music more—I’ll never, ever stop learning about and studying my voice. 
SJP: I think dreaming and curiosity are the gateway to every possibility, hope, and potential, but so many people feel afraid. How would you encourage people to commit to those dreams, even when they feel really defeated, whether by environment, circumstances, lifestyle, or finances?     
 SS: Everything you need is within you—all your power and dreams—you just need to harness it. I did this thing as a kid, which I always tell people to do—it’s one of the main reasons why I’m where I am. I had my first manager when I was 11, a record deal when I was 14, and by the time I was 18, I felt quite exhausted, like I’d been robbed of my childhood. I said to myself, “I’m going to give myself a set amount of time and I might give up.” One day, I sat down and drew loads of pictures of all my dreams on one piece of paper. I drew myself performing in the O2 Arena in the U.K., a Grammy, me with children and a husband. I stuck that piece of paper onto the mirror in my bedroom, and every single day, I looked at it when I was getting ready. I almost feel like I manifested it. Your imagination is a powerful thing— use it, run wild with it. Who knows what will happen. 
SJP: You and I have talked a little bit about self-image. How comfortable are you feeling on camera today versus two years ago? 
SS: It’s completely different. I think that’s come with me losing weight. When I was shooting my first music videos, I just wasn’t happy with the way I looked, so I was trying to control the way the camera moved. I got a bit obsessive. I was constantly looking in the mirror, pinching my waist, weighing myself every day. Now, I’ve gotten to a place where I really love my stretch marks and I just enjoy my body. My job is very self-indulgent: I have to listen to my voice daily, I make decisions on what tour posters or album covers look like, I look at my face while sitting in the makeup chair. I get kind of sick of myself, so I trust my team. But my body image is always going to be an issue. I need to constantly train myself to watch the right sort of films, to not look at certain ads and think that’s how my stomach should look. It’s something that I’m fighting every day. I think men should talk about it more. 
SJP: Most people feel the same way and struggle to compete with those same images. What does breaking the rules mean to you now? 
SS: It means happiness [laughs]. It sounds really strange, but I became so comfortable in my loneliness. I became best friends with my sadness and I lost my friendship with my happiness. Not only to be happy for myself, but to make other people happy. 
SJP: So, your desire to make other people happy is not in order to be liked, but so you can share happiness. 
SS: It’s a whole new thing for me. I was waving the sadness flag for so long. Now, it’s quite a risky thing for me to wake up in the morning and be okay with the fact that everything is actually okay. If everything is okay in your life, then let’s make everything good in other people’s lives at the same time. 
SJP: That’s a really nice, lovely sentiment, and especially right now, when there seems to be a delight in being unkind, unfriendly, and saying things to each other with impunity. Thank you for being so kind to me and letting me probe a bit. I’m so proud of you. 
SS: Oh, thank you so much. You’re honestly such a beautiful influence in my life. It’s so lovely to talk to you and I hope we can go for a drink soon. 
SJP: I’m waiting. I’m here whenever you have time.              Bella and Gigi Hadid flaunt their contrasting personal styles as fashion week steams ahead. Bella and Gigi Hadid flaunt their contrasting personal styles as fashion week steams ahead. Text: Reshmi Kaur Oberoi The Hadid sisters’ relationship is akin to spouses who share a profession, except they can purchase one card for their parents’ respective birthdays. They invoke Kardashian-like similarities, a Middle Eastern-mystique if you will, but the difference is that they address their maternal grandmother as Oma. Still, they are two very different breeds of supermodeldom, exemplified in Paris Fashion Week, September 23rd to October 1st, 2019, when Bella again went brunette while her older sister Gigi, stayed blonde. In spite of their twinning, when it comes to off-duty style, there is no doubt that this phenomenon is fraternal. In fact, at the CFDA/Vogue Americans in Paris function, both sisters were photographed walking, one elbow woven into the crux of the other, wearing two-piece pantsuits in the other’s hair color. Gigi sported an Oscar de la Renta ensemble: a sleeveless faux plunging faux neckline created by draping that allowed one side to cross in front of the other. That was neatly tucked into a pair of trousers in the same shade of brown—a cognac knockoff of brunette—with floral patchwork cascading below the left knee. Bella, however, was topless, sporting a Vivienne Westwood sports-like blazer in a blonde yellow, with broad, structured shoulders falling over high-waist, harem-like trousers in the same color. While Gigi Hadid may seem to pull off the summer 2020 designs with her California vibe, she was more in line with her sissy’s power suit when on October 1st, she tapped into her own power on the final PFW Chanel runway. Gigi blocked off a female spectator dressed in black and white tweed who jumped on the catwalk, slyly joining the models single-file, and escorted her off.    #GigiHadid and #BellaHadid stop by our #AmericansinParis cocktail party to check out and celebrate the eight 2018 #CVFF designers in the showcase. “You’ll love it,” said Gigi. 🎥: @leighelyse @klarna.usa A post shared by  cfda (@cfda) on Sep 28, 2019 at 5:16pm PDT     spent my last morning of fashion month walking the beautiful Parisian @chanelofficial rooftops ☁️ merci beaucoup @virginieviard @amandaharlech & the whole team. always an honor 🖤 x A post shared by  Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Oct 2, 2019 at 8:02am PDT  But not all their dates were so formal an affair. A sisterly lunch al fresco was documented on Instagram: wrapped baguette-sandwiches, but in true Gigi fashion, defending her Masterchef Celebrity title for making the best hamburger, and living up to being an ambassador for McDonald’s during Coachella, she packed the essentials for the trip—ketchup and mustard. Bella and Gigi partied with Rihanna who dropped a surprise collection in Paris that spoofed common American office attire post-NYFW exhibition. Bella had on a white pinstripe three-piece, the blazer similar to the aforementioned, except the broad shoulders fell slightly below her actual shoulders for an oversized look. And as appropriate for the workplace, she opted for a solid white tee underneath that was not only partially covered by the open coat, but also covered by a strapless pinstripe chest-less bustier that sat at the waist, above matching pants over leopard print heels. Her hair was slicked off her face in a tight bun, with hoop earrings on full display to match her layered necklaces. Older sister Gigi’s hair was slickened wet, combed back, and unhindered, cascading down her back. She had on a mellow lemon-drop yellow-colored jersey t-shirt dress, the long-sleeves falling past her hand with an airy slit. Peeking from underneath the button-downed midi dress were a pair of snakeskin knee-high boots. Their renditions of the typical work uniform could not be more different.   A post shared by 🦋 (@bellahadid) on Sep 30, 2019 at 7:56am PDT  The designers seemed to have taken notice of their opposite-end-of-the-spectrum style. For Off-White’s Fall 2019 show for the last PFW, Bella had on a superhero reminiscent cape, duster coat hybrid, fastened at the neck with the remaining buttons left unclosed so that it billowed about her, revealing a high-waist short-short and wrinkled pointy-toe boot. She was dressed from head-to-toe in a diamond pattern in the lemon drop yellow Gigi had on for the Fenty after-party and a slate gray. Gigi, however, had on a solid black dress with effeminate bows tied on either shoulder with a demure thigh-high slit straight down the middle so that when she walked, a pair of predominantly white sneakers could be spotted a mile away. This time, both had on hot pink dresses and stark white strappy sandals. True to being the elder, Gigi had a high-neck maxi, streamlined and body-hugging, with a subtle split. Bella had on a spaghetti strap asymmetrically hemmed voluminous dress.    @bellahadid behind the scenes of fw19 women's Off-White™ runway show. photography c/o @anthonys.a A post shared by  Off-White™ (@off____white) on Sep 4, 2019 at 7:01pm PDT  Make no mistake; their casual street style is not as buttoned-up. Gigi had on a floor-length plaid t-shirt dress, unbuttoned over a crew neck with black leggings covered by bobby ankle white socks in white sneakers. With her hair nonchalantly floating over her shoulders and down her back, she had on black round sunglasses that mirrored her round face. Sister Bella, buttoned up her crisp highlighter pink shirt underneath a matching unbuttoned coat, some of which of the shirt was left hanging from outside her high waist, relaxed fitting jeans that wrinkled above black combat boots. Her hair was hidden beneath a New York Yankees cap, and she too had on black sunglasses, but in a square shape that reflected her angular face structure. As PFW culminates, it is no doubt that the Hadid sisters made no effort to tame their American style in their own unique way.    Closing @off____white last night. Forever my family , I loved this show so much. Dear @stevie_dance @virgilabloh @lizgoldsoncasting And truly the whole entire team. You fucking RULE ! ! ! 🎀🎀🎀🎀 A post shared by  🦋 (@bellahadid) on Sep 27, 2019 at 6:37am PDT     @off____white yesterday 💖☄️ @virgilabloh YOU ARE SO LOVED. thanks always and congrats @stevie_dance @lizgoldsoncasting @kevinmjr and the whole OW faaammmm on a collection I’m so excited to wear so much of ! A post shared by  Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Sep 27, 2019 at 8:33am PDT   Revisit the fashion icon and creative’s emblematic contributions to the glossy pages of V Magazine in this tribute of the late Lagerfeld's works. Revisit the fashion icon and creative’s emblematic contributions to the glossy pages of V Magazine in this tribute of the late Lagerfeld's works. Text: Emma Li 
Karl Lagerfeld passed away this morning in Paris, marking the death of a visionary genius who was responsible for much of what we understand to be beautiful today. 
In 1983, Karl was appointed as the artistic director for Chanel, transforming the brand into a powerhouse over the years. Karl’s endless creativity pushed fashion into the sphere of pop culture, making them two parts of the same whole. His influence in fashion extended to many forms including art and photography, with some of his work published in V. 
In honor of his legacy, V has compiled a retrospective of Karl Lagerfeld’s contributions to the magazine featuring Mariah Carey, Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, Hedi Slimane, Kendall Jenner, and more.  
LAETITIA CASTA MAKEUP JAMES KALIARDOS (ART + COMMERCE) HAIR ODILE GILBERT (L’ATELIER 68) MODEL LAETITIA CASTA AND CHOUPETTE (IMG) MANICURE ANNY ERRANDONEA (MARIEFRANCE-THAVONEKHAM) DIRECTOR OF IMAGE ERIC PFRUNDER PHOTO ASSISTANTS OLIVIER SAILLANT, FREDERIC DAVID, BERNWARD SOLLICH, XAVIER ARIAS STYLIST ASSISTANTS KATE GRELLA AND ALLEGRA BECK MAKEUP ASSISTANT VERONICK BOUMAZA HAIR ASSISTANT TAN PHAM PRODUCTION MELISSA MORTENSEN PRODUCTION ASSISTANT ALIZA BERGER RETOUCHING L UDOVIC D’HARDIVILLÉ LOCATION SHANGRI-LA HOTEL, PARIS SPECIAL THANKS LAURA MOLNAR (SHANGRI-LA HOTEL, PARIS)  Photographed at legendary nightclub Le Palace, a new roving party dubbed Kaliente is re-energizing Paris after dark, seen here through Alain Mikli shades. Photographed at legendary nightclub Le Palace, a new roving party dubbed Kaliente is re-energizing Paris after dark, seen here through Alain Mikli shades. Photography: Antoine Harinthe Styling: Thomas Davis Text: Devin Barrett 
This article appears in the pages of V113, The Music Issue, on newsstands May 3rd. Pre-order your copy now at shop.vmagazine.com.  
Le Palace was the Parisian answer to Studio 54. It was similarly formative, and undeniably inimitable. The club celebrated a unique marriage of regulars—the young and rising with the older and eminent, the known with the unknown. It was this combination of minds, styles, and attitudes that surely sparked the resulting cultural output for years (even decades) to come. The legendary space soon established itself as a watering hole for the likes of Mick Jagger, Yves Saint Laurent, Prince, Kenzō Takada, Grace Jones, Karl Lagerfeld, and Issey Miyake. DJ Michel Gaubert got his start at Le Palace playing a soundtrack of Rick James, Devo, Talking Heads, Yma Sumac, and Public Image. “Le Palace was special in that Paris had very few nightclubs and that it was the first major night playground to open its doors,” recalls Gaubert. “The time was also appropriate as it was March, 1978 at the height of the disco and punk era. The policy of Le Palace was to welcome everyone who had ‘it.’ People of all kinds of backgrounds were dancing next to each other, creating the most fun melting-pot ever seen in a club.” 
Today, Kaliante—spearheaded by Luka Isaac, Pandora Graessl, and a crew of creatives—is reimagining hallowed hotspots like Le Palace, orchestrating a new wave of memorable nights. Born out of the spirit of collaboration, and soundtracked by “current and future” techno, the monthly party series combines a myriad of intriguing locations with lighting, set design, and sound curation. Freedom after dark is hard to come by in the age of the Internet and social media, but this pursuit of social liberation in condensed cities is exactly what inspired the Kaliante collective’s unique community. “Kaliante [is] a mirror of the pulsing new generation in Paris,” they explain in a collective statement. If Le Palace’s golden age existed at the height of new-wave glamour, its second iteration is slightly edgier in spirit: “Kaliante is rhythm. It’s an energy, a way of being and living your own life—this inner fire of decadence and warmth. Mixed communities experiment dancing without the prejudices of sexuality set in stone.” 
The Alain Mikli Summer Collection is available now at barneys.com, maisonrogue.com, and fivestoryny.com.   The brand's crafty-cool trajectory culminated in a wearable SS20 collection. The brand's crafty-cool trajectory culminated in a wearable SS20 collection. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
Though it may be forever DIY in spirit, Eckhaus Latta in practice is hardly a mom-and-pop operation—or at least one imagines so, with founders Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Latta long based on opposite coasts. Behind every milestone, perhaps, lies an untold story of pressurized conference calls and epic group-text chains.  
As Eckhaus has grown both quantitatively and qualitatively, with brick-and-mortar expansion, a Whitney solo show, and most recently a collaboration with Australian footwear corp UGG, their breezy, youthful exterior has slowly grown upwards, moving from the school of anti-seamlessness and toward covetable, crafty cache. This trajectory culminated yesterday in the brand's most accessible and tailored collection yet: Spring/Summer 2020 showcased wearables, from monochromatic sequined slips to sensible sportswear. There was even a pantsuit—one that moved freely in its touchable silk construction.  
To note the collection’s sensorial appeal is not to say that Spring/Summer 2020 lacked a sense of ironic flair. Seen outside the bounds of its jetsetting campaign, the footwear collab with UGG revealed unexpected proportions. In contrast to the heft of women’s platform mules, the Eckhaus Latta take on the moon-boot turned out to be surprisingly sleek, ankle-high and almost trainer-like. Like most every piece on the runway, both symbolized a step up.  During Milan Fashion Week Men's, Tod's announced the exciting news for the top model. During Milan Fashion Week Men's, Tod's announced the exciting news for the top model. Text: Danielle Combs 
During Milan Fashion Week Men's, iconic Italian luxury brand Tod's announced that Kendall Jenner would officially be their new face, appearing in the newly released SS18 campaign alongside ballet dancer Roberto Bolle. Photographed in Malibu by photographer Mikael Jansson, the vibrant campaign is a celebration of the glamorous Italian lifestyle featuring Jenner lounging on a yacht and cuddling with a Corgi puppy. 
To celebrate the recent announcement, a cocktail party was hosted in Milan's beautiful Villa Necchi, where Jenner and Bolle served as the guests of honor. While guests mingled at the swanky soiree, scenes from the campaign film were broadcast onto screens introducing the newest additions to Tod's fashion family. 
Click through the slideshow to see Kendall Jenner as the new face of Tod's.   The designer's spring collection parties like no one is watching. The designer's spring collection parties like no one is watching. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
Staged as that of an underground, grimy party, designer Ashish Gupta's SS19 runway was a carpeted display of raw emotions screaming back to a time when one layer was simply enough. 
The collection, disco inspired yet all together rave-ready, is a an exploration of how each garment is worn and at the same time, how what lies underneath shines through. A sequin heavy lineup, gracefully glides down the carpeted runway, each layered with plenty of underlying drama and emotion to give each ensemble a storyline. 
Gupta's ability to cast models that fall under and wear the category of gender neutral flawlessly succeeds as skin stands out and attitudes radiate. Most ensembles consist of only one layer, minimally expressing referential design reasonings and enhancing the execution in the bringing every detail to life. 
Take a peek into Ashish's SS19 underground co-ed party below! 
           Catch a BTS glimpse of the Giambattista Valli's elegantly lavish, fall 2018 couture collection through the lens of Schohaja. Catch a BTS glimpse of the Giambattista Valli's elegantly lavish, fall 2018 couture collection through the lens of Schohaja. Text: Schohaja   At only 26 years old, the New York-bred designer is quickly making a name for herself with her signature take on outerwear. At only 26 years old, the New York-bred designer is quickly making a name for herself with her signature take on outerwear. Text: Danielle Combs 
At only 26-years-old, Bayside Queens native and designer Sandy Liang is best known for her striking outerwear silhouettes putting the rising designer on the fashion map. Known for her cool-girl meets grandma aesthetic, Liang’s approach to designing is deeply personal as she draws inspiration from the nostalgic moments she’s experienced as a child on the Lower East Side. Fusing her line with menswear elements, quirky details, and frothy pastels, Liang’s authentic approach to design is apparent throughout her current, vivacious line.  
In an exclusive interview with V, Sandy Liang sits down to discuss her affinity for design, how fashion shouldn’t be taken too seriously, and why the industry shouldn’t default towards negativity.  
When did your love for fashion begin? 
I’ve loved fashion since I was a tiny person. I’ve always wanted to be a fashion designer, and it was one of those dream jobs where you go to school and your teachers are like, ‘What do you guys want to be when you grow up?’ and that was my thing. I also wanted to be a piano teacher at some point, which is my realistic dream I guess. 
You originally decided to study architecture. What was it like leaving that behind to study at Parsons, and what did you learn while you were there? 
Right after high school, I decided I was going to do the five-year architecture program, and I even remember while applying to colleges I was like, ‘I’m not going to stay in the city. I’m going anywhere but here.’ So I went there, I was super happy about it and then, as soon as I got there, I was like, ‘I just can’t imagine myself here for five years pursuing architecture, which is also just not my thing and more what I thought I should do because I’m bad at math. I like to draw and my dad really wants me to be an architect.’ That’s what I went for. 
So I guess being there and just being away from the city made me really miss the city but also made me realize that I had to give my dream a shot. 
What inspired you to start eponymous line? 
I was just batshit crazy after graduating, and I was so happy and thinking it’s going to be great, how could people not want to buy my clothes? Production? That’s easy! It all just made sense in my head, and I just had no idea how hard it was going to be. 
How would you describe your signature aesthetic? It seems like there’s a lot of inspiration taken from menswear and skater boy culture. How does all of that tie in? 
First of all, I feel like clothes should be a little bit silly and not so serious, which I really need because I feel like people take themselves so seriously in this industry and there’s always some huge thing happening. I just like to be quiet, tucked away in my studio. Doing my own thing and making things that I like that are beautiful. I am very much a local. I live here and I love this area and the people that inhabit it. 
What are some elements that have inspired your individual approach to design? 
I think it’s more the attitude. I’m obsessed with juxtapositions and pairs of things, and I love when something feels both old and new at the same time. I remember when I first started coming to the Lower East Side because my dad had his restaurant here, and my grandparents lived on Rivington. It was very different from what it is today, and I think because I’ve been able to grow up with that transformation of the neighborhood, it’s very special to me because I get to say, ‘This store used to be that, now this store is that.’ The area is definitely changing very rapidly, but that’s what I love about it is that there is this mix of old and new.  
In what ways does menswear play a role in your line? 
I love menswear because it’s never that trendy—on a whole. I’m not talking about specific collections. I hate just being so trendy and cool. But I like menswear because there’s some of continuity—some sort of uniformness to it. I like how it doesn’t need to be so loud. 
What is your process like when you’re creating a new collection? 
The first stage is me freaking out, thinking I don’t have enough time and that everything is due already. The second part is me realizing I have a lot of time and shouldn't freak out and then I just design. You see those white boards there with all those sketches on them? That’s one design. And it just goes from there. I don’t really work with a plan, like, ‘I need to make four tops, 10 skirts, whatever.’ I just kind of start with the outerwear because that’s what I love. 
And build around it. 
Yeahs. Also if I make the skirts with one detail, I’m like, ‘Wait, I love that detail. Let’s put that detail on this.’ And then things will hit me. I think about things at really random times, and I get my best ideas when I’m about to sleep or in the shower or just walking. 
What type of improvements could be made within the fashion industry? 
There are so many things. When I entered this business, I didn’t realize that I’d only be making money twice a year because that’s when you get to make money and show your collection. I don’t know. I just think it’s really hard for everybody in that sense. I think overall there just needs to be less hate. 
Who would you say the Sandy Liang girl is? 
I think it’s anyone who gets the clothes. I think it’s someone who just has some silliness to them; who isn’t afraid to have something fun on. She kind of loves fashion but isn’t obsessed about it. I just want my clothes to make people happy. To make me smile. 
   From beginning to end, the collection embodies glamorous, French working-woman style. From beginning to end, the collection embodies glamorous, French working-woman style. Photography: Schohaja Text: Erin McDowell 
Celine FW19 embodied everything we've come to love about the brand — effortless, ready-to-wear pieces that exude a cool factor all their own. Since taking the reigns of the French fashion house, Hedi Slimane has infused his own signature style reminiscent of his days at YSL into every collection. Celine Fall 2019, however, marks a new journey for the designer. Though glamorous and quite obviously vintage-inspired, the collection is a word we thought we'd never associate with a Slimanian Celine — casual. This is not to say it is off-the-rack: that couldn't be farther from the truth. The collection is perhaps comparable to "old Celine" items lauded across social media, but with a new vision that couldn't be more in keeping with the brand's dedication to creating innovative pieces that are youthful yet classic. 
From beginning to end, the collection embodies glamorous, French working-woman style. It is ladylike in all the right places, but with an edgy twist (see: aviator sunglasses, over-the-top animal prints, and accents of metallics and sequins). Celine Fall 2019 introduces a new muse: one who can wear jeans to a cocktail party and still remain undeniably chic. For fans desperately yearning for the elegant designs Celine made their name on, you're in luck. There may no longer be an accent over the "e," but this new direction is sure to inspire, empower, and accomplish everything Celine set out to do for the modern woman. 
To view the highlights from the runway of Celine's Fall 2019 Paris Fashion Week show, check out the slideshow below.   Louis Vuitton has unveiled the sweetly floral new scent with the brand's first fragrance film. Louis Vuitton has unveiled the sweetly floral new scent with the brand's first fragrance film. Text: AJ Longabaugh Brand ambassadorship is a tool that sometimes gets overlooked or becomes overshadowed by whichever product one may be fronting. Louis Vuitton makes every exception to the previous statement as they proudly continue their commitment in selecting ambassadors with star power, elegance, and endless charm. Launching their newest female scent Attrape-Rêves, LV has released their first fragrance film directed by Sam Mendes starring the ever-modern Oscar-winning actress Emma Stone. A versatile tour de force in everything she does, Emma Stone blossoms in the stunning short film embodying the fragrance's confident notes on the beach, in the boardroom, and on a carousel. Chairman and CEO of Louis Vuitton Michael Burke says, "I am proud to unveil our first fragrance short film starring the incredibly talented Emma Stone. This marks another milestone to the success of our fragrance collection."  Introducing Attrape-Rêves. The new #LouisVuitton Fragrance will launch tomorrow September 13th. Stay tuned. A post shared by  Louis Vuitton Official (@louisvuitton) on Sep 12, 2018 at 5:02am PDT Overlaying Beyoncé's romantically poppy XO, the Mendes-glossed campaign's ability to convey sensuality, freedom, and the power of connection is effortless and this ninth scent from Les Parfums Louis Vuitton, unsurprisingly, stands confidently next to its predecessors. Watch Emma Stone in Louis Vuitton's campaign film for Attrape-Rêves below:  Legendary hair stylist Ward Stegerhoek forays into fashion. Legendary hair stylist Ward Stegerhoek forays into fashion. Photography: Chris Colls Styling: Anna Trevelyan Text: Stella Pak 
Head to vmagazineshop.com now to purchase your exclusive Wardements apparel today. 
It all started in his parents' basement as all the best stories do. Two 15-year-old skaters were getting ready to head to the local club for the very first time, in front of the mirror, fixing their hair in nervous anticipation. Ward’s friend had a stubborn cowlick that wouldn’t let up, and Ward offered to fix it by using his dad’s buzzer and ended up giving him… let’s just say a look that was probably “avant-garde” for your standard 15 year old. The look ended up being a hit that night, and his friends and their girlfriends started lining up in front of his parents’ house to get their own. That’s the story that spawned Ward’s hair career for the next 30-plus years. 
With hundreds of covers ranging from V to Vogue and all the books in between, major runway shows, and co-founding a hair brand, Living Proof, Ward fell into launching Wardements by another accident. It started as a joke—it's in Ward’s nature to push some buttons and make people laugh. If you follow him on Instagram, @ward_hair, you get to know his playful side. 
“Well, I was working with Inez and Vinoodh on the boardwalk of Venice Beach in LA, and after 3-4 shots, they like to edit first for a while to see how the rest of the shoot will be shot," he remembers. "They get an idea of what pictures they would need next so that’s smart. But that means that I get half an hour off. So I stepped into one of those souvenir t-shirt shops on the boardwalk, and because Vetements had been making such a big hype at the time I thought, 'Oh, this is funny.' I like making people laugh… I’m on set, fixing the girl’s hair; I’m with my back to everybody that’s behind the camera. And so on my butt, instead of Vetements, I printed Wardements F/W 'dadada' as a joke. One sweater, never thinking of making a brand or anything at all.” Because of the tongue-in-cheek name play and story behind it, word got around about this hoodie. 
Ward decided to just make a dozen or so of these pieces and send them as Christmas gifts to his friends. Before you know it, they ended up on Instagram, sported by the likes of Toni Garnn and Daphne Groenveld. Ward’s fanbase went into a frenzy, creating their very own campaigns as the brand was developing its own cult following. Before you know it, Ward’s fans put up a billboard for Wardements in Tokyo without him even knowing. Needless to say, the direct requests kept coming in through Instagram and retailers started making requests. The launch of Wardements was nothing but inevitable at that point. T-shirts and hoodies became a canvas for cheeky meme-like statements like the classic “Cash Me Outside”, “I’m Your Online Girlfriend”, and “Slide Inside”. 
Considering that Ward is one of only a handful of legendary hairstylists of our time, his peripheral exposure to fashion watching John Galliano, Valentino, and Yves Saint Laurent pin and drape weeks and days before a fashion show, while collaborating with stylists through hair; fashion is second nature. Ward’s vision for Wardements is to dress “…a person with style as opposed to a person that is dressed up, or styled up. We have bomber jackets, t-shirts, hoodies, slip dresses. It’s stuff that you can wear day and night. It’s not hard to wear. It’s not stiff…” 
With a pop-up shop at our very own V office on 11 Mercer featuring looks from his SS18 collection, $200 from each sale of a hoodie will go directly to the Orange Babies Foundation. The charity works to medicate, dress, and educate babies born with AIDS in Africa. “I’m just trying to do it my own little way. It’s small but I like it that way for now.” This is only the beginning of a new chapter for Ward. The FW18 collection has expanded to 95 pieces ranging from handbags, leather goods, shoes, coats, dresses suits, and denim, and will be available in 13 stores globally.  Photography: Arseny Jabiev Styling: Aeri Yun 
A meditation on vibrancy and ease, the latest work from photographer Arseny Jabiev focuses on various iterations of youth: think tight silhouettes and classic materials, or unexpectedly multilayered accessories (socks with heels, belts and bodysuits). Youth might not be wasted on the young after all. 
Click through the slideshow to see "Youth" by Arseny Jabiev.  Introducing a variety of aesthetics with the color scheme of a Renaissance painting, Anderson makes a vibrant case for the coming spring/summer season. Introducing a variety of aesthetics with the color scheme of a Renaissance painting, Anderson makes a vibrant case for the coming spring/summer season. Text: Chloe Laguette 
Designer Jonathan Anderson nails it again as he delivered a roster of SS19 garments that were carefully constructed, yet accessible and sensual. His lineup of familiar faces wore heavy lace-up chokers, a design in an oddly perfect place in which boho meets BDSM. Even the more modest shapes, seen in the high necklines of black satin dresses and colorful feathers, exuded a tasteful sexuality. 
Certain blouse and dress shapes in the collection brought the prairie to Paris, but paired with clean-cut garments, looked elegant and sophisticated. The variation in the color palette was an articulate choice, as business casual blazers were given a new life in the form of pastel hues. 
As for shoes and accessories, colored boot-sandals and floppy motos were perfectly paired with each look. Huge goggle-esque sunglasses were seen on various looks, which perfectly pieced a variety of aesthetics together. The minimal beauty looks did not distract us from the articulation of the bold clothing. 
Take a look at some of our favorite looks from the Loewe SS19 show below!   V had an exclusive talk with Wil Beedle, chief creative director of AllSaints. V had an exclusive talk with Wil Beedle, chief creative director of AllSaints. Text: Cullen Ormond On November 14, several notable guests gathered at Chateau Marmont to celebrate the 25th anniversary of AllSaints. The event welcomed several talented individuals, among them, musician Rainey “Rainsford” Qualley, photographer, Cameron McCool, actress Bria Vinaite, film director Gia Coppola and the Chief Creative Director of AllSaints, Wil Beedle. All of the guests donned pieces from AllSaints recent collections but were also received customized t-shirts made by Emily Labowe of Poppy Undies. The shirts were a nod to the brand’s 1994 inception and were decorated with custom phrases. As guests mingled amongst the melodies from Arsun, DJs Miles Hendrick and Honey, and Hateboy, they sipped on wine provided by Gia Coppola Wine and a Yola Mezcal signature cocktail. For those who were not able to attend, don’t fear, V was able to speak with Wil Beedle on his perspective of the brand, his inspiration, and the promising future he sees for AllSaints. When did you first realize your passion for fashion design?  My parents recently showed me a photo from a ‘punk’ party I threw for my eighth birthday. In it, I’m wearing my father’s Bruce Springsteen ‘Born in the USA’ tour T-shirt but worn the wrong way around because I remember thinking that the graphic on the back was cooler, and probably more ‘punk.’ I probably didn’t have any specific articulation of what ‘fashion’ was at the time, but the seeds were being sown at a pretty early age. Where do you draw inspiration from when you’re designing?  That’s a big question, but simply put, our global community. I don’t think there is a singular, easily-defined AllSaints woman or man. That’s the beauty of the brand, for me. The more AllSaints grows, and the more I travel around the world meeting people who engage with the brand, the more I’ve come to understand that AllSaints is a uniform without uniformity; we provide a wardrobe, a platform and a brand spirit. But individuals will then add their own individuality, their own attitude, and wear the clothes in a way that fits their own lifestyle. We did a presentation during New York Fashion Week a few years ago and I was trying to find a title that might fit – a punchy way of expressing AllSaints’ slightly twisted way of taking classics and reimagining them for current times. The hotel had Frank Sinatra singing ‘New York New York’ through the TV as a welcome soundtrack. Struggling to find the right button on the remote control to turn it off, I was stuck listening to the track for a few seconds. “It’s up to you, New York, New York…” That was my title. “It’s Up To You.” Not one single person in New York got the context of the title! No one knew it was about New York. No one realised it was Sinatra. But everyone interpreted that title to be a call-to-action. A cool way of expressing how our consumers interact with AllSaints. It’s a catalyst for individual expression. It’s why I often refer to our collections as a uniform without uniformity. It’s not about total looks. We shouldn’t be telling people how to look or how to behave. It’s up to them to decide. It’s up to you. AllSaints is known for its youthful eccentricity. How do you focus on staying ahead of trends?  The longer AllSaints exists as a brand – and we’re celebrating 25 years right now – the more I realise what our true values are. We operate and behave independently. I don’t say that cheaply, as some kind of marketing slogan; it’s entirely genuine. And I feel strongly that it’s this independence that makes AllSaints unique, outside of passing trends. No one has told us what to do, how to operate, who to collaborate with, what to produce. I’m really proud of the fact that we’ve never relied on the conventions of seasonal catwalk shows, and we’ve never had to pay big-name industry creatives to in some way validate our work. Ultimately, I’m a great believer in the idea that a brand is simply a reflection of the vibe and attitude of the people within it; and this free-thinking, unshackled, confident, independence that resides in our team rubs off on the clothes, and the people who wear them. In three words, how would you describe the aesthetic of AllSaints? Individuality. Independence. #ItsUpToYou. Among all of the contemporary pieces in your current collection, which one is your favorite? It changes every day. I tend to wear the season that’s coming rather than what’s in store. Right now, I’m wearing a silk scorpion print paisley from the coming season. Being able to wear it over and over and hone and perfect it long before the consumers see it makes sure that we get the styles that have the right versatility to express both the brand’s and the individual’s attitude. In celebration of 25 years of AllSaints, can you reminisce on some of the most pivotal moments for the brand’s success? Showing my first collection as AllSaints’ creative director in New York, I chose to present the collection in a huge loft on Mercer Street which used to be a knitting factory. We made the whole presentation a living-and-breathing factory performance, akin to how I imagined Warhol’s Factory to operate. There was live floral drawing going on in one corner, a photoshoot of the city’s young bands in the other, then a group of midtown Manhattan’s S&M dominatrix were being interviewed and filmed wearing the fetish-inspired women’s footwear collection by the front door. And in amongst all of that was the collection – and me, beaming like a kid in a candy store. The moment was pivotal because it was, to me, the first distillation of what the brand could be – multi-faceted, and with the spirit and attitude of East London transplanted to somewhere the other side of the world, being taken out of my hands, but being given new meaning. You were appointed Chief Creative Officer of AllSaints in 2012. What have you learned in your last 7 years of executive and creative jurisdiction? Doing things at the right moment is the essence of fashion. Early enough to surprise, but not too early that you get ignored. There are dozens of ideas, and designs, and fabrics, and people, and places, that never made it to fruition at AllSaints. Because the timing wasn’t quite right. I’ve considered bringing them back at a later date. But it never works out. Timing is everything. Even for a brand that often eschews passing trends in favor of timelessness. It’s the most important thing I’ve learned over the past seven years. As the brand’s visionary, how do you instill your personal touch on the brand’s designs as a whole? By keeping both eyes wide open, remaining eternally curious, never feeling satisfied, and trusting my instincts, no matter how oblique they might seem at the time. What do you see for the future of AllSaints? Right now, I have two main goals for the future. Firstly, I’m hugely drawn to the evolution of AllSaints as a brand around the world. Taking it into new cities, with new customers who will interpret what we do in entirely new and unexpected ways. The other major evolution in the AllSaints story is the creation of our off-shoot brand called Shoreditch Ski Club, which has had great traction at ‘designer’ rather than ‘contemporary’ level in the fashion market. Crudely put, the price-point is higher, and it naturally fits alongside what are deemed more ‘luxury’ brands. We debuted our first Shoreditch Ski Club collection last winter, and one fashion critic described it as “eco-punk alpine skiwear for yummy mummies who never leave the city.” That’s about right.  Catch a BTS glimpse of the Jean Paul Gaultier's glam rock, fall 2018 couture collection through the lens of Schohaja. Catch a BTS glimpse of the Jean Paul Gaultier's glam rock, fall 2018 couture collection through the lens of Schohaja. Photography: Schohaja   The new collection celebrating the roots of Moncler with a colorful twist. The new collection celebrating the roots of Moncler with a colorful twist. Text: Jake Viswanath 
For the second phase of their ambitious eight-part Genius project, Moncler is honoring its origins with a new collection that celebrates their path to becoming the global fashion sensation they are today, but with a vibrant mod twist. 2 MONCLER 1952, named after the year the outerwear brand was founded in the French Alps and its place within the Genius project (No. 2), reimagines the classic Moncler trademarks with vibrant hues and pop art-inspired designs. 
The label’s signature puffer coats, jumpers, and scarves are the main focus here, all re-energized with extra-large logos, shiny nylon shells, and two-tone textures and patterns, recalling the luxurious designs that made Moncler a household name outside of the small village outside of the Haute Savoie mountains where it originated. To honor their legacy in skiwear, the brand also nods to legendary ski resorts like Aspen, Gstaad, and Zermatt with bold patches on T-shirts and sweatshirts. 
The 2 MONCLER 1952 range is just the latest offering from the Moncler Genius series, following projects with Craig Green and Hiroshi Fujiwara, and which also includes forthcoming collaborations with Palm Angels, Simone Rocha, and Pierpaolo Piccoioli. The collection is available now at Moncler boutiques worldwide and their online store. Take a peek at some of the looks below.         Proceeds from the limited-edition T-shirt will be donated to AIDS research. Proceeds from the limited-edition T-shirt will be donated to AIDS research. Text: Sadie Bell For over two decades, supermodel Naomi Campbell has been an advocate for raising awareness for AIDS and fundraising for a cure, even attending a conference at the United Nations on World AIDS Day in 2016.In honor of this year's World AIDS Day coming up tomorrow, December 1, Marc Jacobs is selling a T-shirt designed in collaboration with the supermodel to raise funds for UNAIDS, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV and AIDS. In donating all proceeds from the new, limited edition top, it will support those around the world living with or affected by the disease. The shirt is a simple black tee with a strong, activist message in bold bright pink font explaining the shirt's clear intention, "This is a t-shirt by Naomi Campbell and Marc Jacobs to raise funds for UNAIDS." In a statement, UNAIDS Executive Director Michel Sidibé said, "By buying this special T-shirt, people can help level the playing field and empower young women to make independent and life-changing decisions and assert their right to health.” Ahead of tomorrow's World AIDS Day, the graphic tee is on sale now at marcjacobs.com and in select Marc Jacobs locations, retailing at $55. Preview the collaborative advocacy effort between Naomi Campbell and Marc Jacobs below.  La Collection Memento N°4 epitomizes the appeal of see-now-buy-now. La Collection Memento N°4 epitomizes the appeal of see-now-buy-now. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
With the see-now-buy-now model, runways increasingly have come to resemble grocery store aisles, each look representing a ripe-on-the-vine item that’s ready for the purchasing. Nowhere is this analogy more full-blown than at Kenzo’s La Collection Memento showcase, which kicked off this afternoon in Paris. The collection is the fourth in Kenzo’s La Collection Memento series, which pays homage to the brand’s founder Kenzo Takada through archival motifs, hand-picked by present-day creative directors Carol Lim and Humberto Leon. 
This time, Lim and Leon picked from Takada’s most whimsical prints—the most prominent in the just-released collection being hyperreal tomato graphics. Printed in high, ready-to-eat relief on men’s and women’s cotton pieces, from mesh shirts to black smock dresses, the cornucopian patterns are mementos of Takada’s famous taste for both entertaining friends and tongue-in-cheek fashion.  
Attending this imagined dinner party is not only the spirit of Takada, but a crew of young Parisians. For the La Collection Memento N°4’s accompanying lookbook, shot by 25-year-old British-Ghanaian photographer Campbell Addy, Lim and Leon assembled a handful of 20-something artists-slash-creators, telegraphing a new generation of Kenzo customers. “My parents used to wear [Kenzo] in the 80s,” 23-year-old Lea told the brand. Though they may be young, their dietary habits are apropos of the archival collection: “I’m a vegan,” the cinema and philosophy student added. “[I’m] inspired by the Japanese culture of eating reduced portions and healthy produce.”  
Coinciding with the brand’s Paris Fashion Week presentation, the La Collection Memento N°4 is live as of 2 p.m. today, and will be available for four weeks. Go ahead, add to shopping cart.  Dua Lipa shares snippet of soon-to-be released “Swan Song” from motion picture Alita: Battle Angel. Dua Lipa shares snippet of soon-to-be released “Swan Song” from motion picture Alita: Battle Angel. Text: Czar Van Gaal 2018 was a great year for V113 Cover star Dua Lipa. From releasing the complete edition of her self-entitled album, two Grammy nominations, single-handedly shutting down Soho at her cover signing, to becoming the face of an Adidas ad campaign; Dua Lipa dominated the year and looked great doing it. Soaring the charts with 7 top 100 hits, Lipa proves that it's a new era of music, and she's got the new rules. Writing her first original song for a FOX motion picture, Dua Lipa is well on her way to making 2019 another epoch of tremendous achievement. After first making an announcement via Instagram in early December that she would be a part, Alita: Battle Angel, Lipa was tight-lipped about the epic, James Cameron-produced project. That all changed today, when the 23-year-old singer shared on Instagram a snippet of her original song for the film, entitled “Swan Song”. The film chronicles the self-discovery of a female protagonist (Alita) who just so happens to be a badass, which we find fitting, given Lipa's status as a voice of young female empowerment in pop. The song, penned by Lipa herself, is set to be released on January 25 and the motion picture film will follow a few weeks later. With this being just the first stop on Lipa's 2019, we can't wait to see what else she has in store.  The annual Hetrick-Martin Institute event gathered many celebrities. The annual Hetrick-Martin Institute event gathered many celebrities. 
Last night, at Cipriani Wallstreet, celebrities gathered for the 2019 Emery Awards, the Hetrick-Martin Institute’s (HMI) annual fundraiser, to honor actress Amber Heard, “Younger” star Nico Tortorella and DC Comics. Guests included two-time Olympian, Johnny Weir, who hosted the soirée, artist Patrick Church, legendary New York party legend Susanne Bartsch, Amanda Lepore, and new wave band The B-52s, who performed.  
The Hetrick-Martin Institute has been around for 40 years, creating a safe environment for LGBTQ youth between the ages of 13 and 24 and their families. 
The guests of honor were awarded for their activism and commitment to disenfranchised youth and recognized their leadership within the LGBTQIA+ community. The Emery Awards also aims to appreciate individuals who raise awareness for critical issues touching HMI youth, which include HIV/AIDS prevention, housing and homelessness support, education and health & wellness.   
Amber Heard, Nico Tortorella  After a number of unnamed designers decline to dress Bebe Rexha for the Grammys, the artist reignited a body positivity movement by way of Instagram. After a number of unnamed designers decline to dress Bebe Rexha for the Grammys, the artist reignited a body positivity movement by way of Instagram. Text: Reshmi Kaur Oberoi New Yorker, Bebe (Bleta) Rexha epitomized Marilyn Monroe standing over a subway grate with her dress billowing up, head thrown back nonchalantly mid-laugh and arms crossed over her crotch in an attempt at preserving her modesty. Rexha, whose first name translates to ‘bumblebee’ in Albanian, preserved her own femininity, by not only fulfilling her wish of appearing a “princess” on the Grammy Red Carpet, but also declaring a love for her body and invoking that same love be cultivated among all women, no matter their size. In the age of outing body shaming as discriminatory, Rexha spun on its head the much-talked about 2018 semantic-driven argument that we need not be body positive, but instead, body accepting because the former is unrealistically utopian. For the 2nd generation Albanian-American, the dialogue for 2019 is a matter of body positivity - #LOVEYOURBODY to be more exact.  Im sorry, I had to get this off my chest. If you don’t like my fashion style or my music that’s one thing. But don’t say you can’t dress someone that isn’t a runway size. Empower women to love their bodies instead of making girls and women feel less then by their size. We are beautiful any size! Small or large! Anddddd My size 8 ass is still going to the Grammys. #LOVEYOURBODY A post shared by  Bebe Rexha (@beberexha) on Jan 21, 2019 at 9:44am PST That was the hashtag Rexha punctuated her caption to an Instagram video she posted on January 21st with - “Don’t say you can’t dress someone that isn’t a runway size. Empower women to love their bodies instead of making girls and women feeling less by their size. We are beautiful any size - small or large!  And my size 8 ass is still going to the Grammys.” In a video viewed over 1.8 million times, Rexha made no qualms in using expletives when addressing that a number of fashion designers outright rejected to dress her for the Grammy’s because she was larger than a sample size, leaving her with less than three weeks to find a dress. Despite this first-world solution of public accountability via social media and sociocultural phenomenon of self-care, high fashion’s beauty ideal of svelte, waif-like, and less endowed bodies is not a new one. Not Luxury fashion houses refused to fit Megan Mullally, Will & Grace starlet and host of the 2019 SAG Awards disclosed six days after Rexha’s video. In her opening remarks, Mullally who is also cast on Best Burgers, started that “the general public thinks everybody is getting dresses thrown at them left and right, but that’s not actually the case.” She followed up on Access Hollywood: “you’re not the right age or not the right size or not the right level of coolness or whatever it is; I think it should be a little more egalitarian. But I’m not bitter about it at all. I’m actually glad I don’t have to deal with a lot of different personalities.” And it is evident that she wasn’t holding a grudge, opting for the first-world solution that is expedited e-commerce. She purchased an Alexander McQueen gown online after two options sent over by the fashion house had cryptically not worked out.  @augustgettyatelier I cannot thank you enough. For loving my body and creating these custom looks for me for such a special week. You are the change the fashion world needs. Love you. A post shared by  Bebe Rexha (@beberexha) on Feb 10, 2019 at 10:55am PST Similarly, Bebe Rexha told Ryan Seacrest, an early advocate of the singer-songwriter, that she was not one to begrudgingly deny those designers that had initially sworn her off should they come around to make good - as she admitted to some having done so. Though she wouldn’t expose the naysayers, she did candidly list off those who had volunteered to dress her: Karl Lagerfeld, Christian Soriano, Moschino’s Jeremy Scott. She publicly heralded August Getty who designed her lustrous strapless oxblood red asymmetric top with train and pantsuit for an event in Los Angeles: “I cannot thank you enough for loving my body and creating these custom looks for me. You are the change the fashion world needs.” Getty also created her pre-Grammy Gala look- a body hugging sequined red jersey sleeveless maxi with scoop neckline that emphasized her curves. Ultimately, Monsoori designed Rexha’s Grammy floor sweeping, tiered gown. While the fiery red gown with halter, cleavage bearing, racer-back bodice mirrored Monroe’s dress, the cinched waist tented out at the waist, completing the appearance of a formal gown. Her feminism was a contrast to Monroe, who instead of patting down the front, instead lifted the front of her dress from the middle while a man lifted up the gown’s hem from behind so that she could walk with ease. Beauty isn’t pain - it’s to each her own.  Thank you so much to the @recordingacademy for the most incredible evening and the honor to be nominated in 2 categories with such talented and respected artists. I am throwing a ‘win or lose’ party tonight - because to me, the win is in the nomination. A post shared by  Bebe Rexha (@beberexha) on Feb 10, 2019 at 10:03pm PST Kelly Rowland, also dressed by Monsoori for The Wearable Art Gala, debuted her Dove campaign hashtagged, #MyHairMyCrown with a music video commercial that aired during Grammy coverage. Sporting an Afro, she spoke out about embracing your natural hair. The video was prefaced by young girls who felt down-and-our about their hair, some of who were ridiculed by their peers. Millennial fellow New Yorker, designer Laquan Smith, deemed 29-year-Old Bebe Rexha, nominated for Best New Artist and Best Country Duo/Group Performance for 2018 not resourceful. Favored for his social media-friendly aesthetic and having dressed the Kardashians and Jenners, Smith was a panelist at a NYFW discussion held three days before the Grammys. He spoke to the limitations of small luxury fashion houses with limited budget for material, time to create new patterns, and talent to implement construction. He and full-size model, Candice Huffin - whose claim to fame was the 2015 Pirelli Calendar that included Gigi Hadid - believe designers who reject dressing red carpet nominees should not be pigeonholed for non-inclusivity. They understand the fiscal limitations and constraints. For Rebecca Minkoff, it’s a matter of the cost-benefit payoff. Lena Dunham, on your, approached Minkoff who did not have anything in her size. “But we said, ‘You know what, we’re going to make it.’” And why not? The publicity she would receive may be a worthwhile investment. Minkoff disagreed with Smith despite being well-versed in the economics of luxury fashion for the public eye, “But these luxury houses, they should have no excuses,” she stated. The Dunham dress had taken Minkoff’s team away from their workload; They had to travel to the garment district, brainstorm, and then produce Dunham’s dress. Seacrest, who designs a bespoke line for Macy’s, admitted to initiating a battle cry in favor of Rexha on the radio the morning after her video surfaced. Executive producer and host on E!, Seacrest’s passion over the matter was evident in that the first hour of the two-hour Live with E! On the Grammy Red Carpet opened and closed with Rexha. The start included a heartwarming behind-the-scenes clip of Rexha getting ready with brother and parents in tow. Her mother collaborated with Getty to sketch out pre-award party looks. Prior to the second hour, Seacrest interviewed her on the Red Carpet making sure to highlight body shaming Clearly there are two sides to every story and it looks like the saga of inclusivity in the industry is not going to cone to a conclusion anytime soon. For the time being, it seems everyone is making merry. “Don’t be scared. It’s ok to be happy,” Bebe Rexha’s mom told her, posted as a caption to her interview at the iheart Music Canada Awards. After all, moms know best.  The iconic scent has returned and comes with a new range of gender-neutral fragrances. The iconic scent has returned and comes with a new range of gender-neutral fragrances. Text: AJ Longabaugh In 2001, Thierry Mugler launched the first fragrance under his namesake brand titled "Cologne." Inspired by a childhood memory of the fresh scent of soap, Mugler implemented a mystery note to the formula called "S" that quickly gained a "must-have" reputation. Today, Mugler has announced the relaunch of this iconic scent under the revamped name "Come Together." The brand describes this new gender neutral range as "More than a perfume collection: a rallying cry for pop lovers, mold-breakers, pleasure-seekers, risk-takers." Other titles in the range are "Take Me Out", "Fly Away", "Love You All", and "Run Free", each owning their own signature note and includes the aforementioned infectious "S" note. "Come Together" will launch on September 1 exclusive to Nordstrom and mugler.com, and will rollout out onto the international markets in 2019. Watch the campaign video for the iconic fragrance's return below:  Even Kylie is joining the party this time around. Even Kylie is joining the party this time around. Text: Megan Armstrong 
Calvin Klein has been known to raise eyebrows every January with each new #MyCalvins campaign. This year, as today revealed, their latest campaign raises five times the eyebrows with Kim Kardashian West, Khloe Kardashian, Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall Jenner, and even Kylie Jenner posing together in the latest installment of the brand's Our Family campaign, photographed by Willy Vanderperre. Raf Simons has taken a more frequent and streamlined approach for this campaign, with ads featuring Solange Knowles , A$AP Mob and siblings Kaia and Presley Gerber, all posing in the same barn, rolling out in the past few months. 
“Family is everything,” Kim told Vogue. "So when we’re all together doing something special like this, it means so much.” She added: "We were all in a group text before saying how lucky we are to do this together and that it's going to be the best day." 
In an accompanying video, the sisters play a game of Never Have I Ever with some revealing confessions. Kim divulging that she's never gotten a tattoo. Kendall has never dyed her hair. Kourtney has never jumped out of a plane. And, unsaid by her yet still palpable in the video, Kylie has never confirmed nor denied pregnancy rumors. Adding fuel to the fire, her midsection is conspicuously covered by a blanket in all of the new campaign photos. See them below and make your own judgment call. 
    The NYC nightlife goddess has proven she is more than just a look queen and has officially been crowned as the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season 10! Check out V's favorite looks from the drag superstar below. The NYC nightlife goddess has proven she is more than just a look queen and has officially been crowned as the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season 10! Check out V's favorite looks from the drag superstar below. Text: AJ Longabaugh    Text: Mayzie Hopkins 
Just a little over a year ago, James Veraldi traveled to South-East Asia to volunteer at an elephant sanctuary. Posting an Instagram photo that would make his followers wish they were there and then returning back to normality at home, like many of the people who go to do the same thing, wouldn't be Veraldi's outcome. It was this serendipitous trip that would lead to the founding of Animalia- a clothing company dedicated to raising money for animal conservation groups. 
At the time of this writing falls on Earth Day, it's easy to focus solely on the impact humans are having on the world. And yet, environments are made up of more than land and plants and water- what about the living creatures that create the harmony that is made up of ecosystems? After relentlessly trying and seeing little engagement, Veraldi found that raising money for animal conservation was harder than it should have been. Which is when the idea to create simple, yet creative, T-Shirts to sell and use the profit to benefit multiple wildlife groups became Animalia. 
The T-shirts are 100% recycled cotton, don't come in any plastic packaging and are all made in the US to reduce the unnecessarily strain on the environment that comes from transporting items. They're transparent about the cost to make the T-Shirts as well as where it goes, by publishing a yearly financial summary of the company. Each piece of clothing costs $49, which covers their donation to the groups, staff wages and manufacturing costs. That's all they need from buyers- or donators. 
Click through below to see some of the designs and here to buy one. Do it for the elephants!   Amanda Harlech on years of creative freedom Amanda Harlech on years of creative freedom Photography: Nick Knight Styling: Amanda Harlech V Magazine 121 is on newsstands now. To order a copy click here, and sign up for our newsletter for exclusive stories from the new issue. To illustrate our V family values, we revisit this close-knit trio’s most scrapbook-worthy clips. AMANDA HARLECH: There are so many memorable shoots that I have styled for V—I think because there is a freedom to explore image creatively and boundlessly. Stephen has always encouraged me to “go for it.” I have always loved and found inspiration in that. One story that sits deep in my heart is “AMOR,” which the brilliant Nick Knight shot for V97 with the incredibly gifted Molly Blair. I had an amazing team and we followed my idea: Obsession to the point of heartbreaking beauty, where the landscape of cloth dreamt up by designers figured a kind of passionate love affair with one’s body. I also did many, many shoots with Karl and in a way, he lives on in my memory of those sessions at his studio, 7L, in Paris. Once he had Daphne and I swap identities [for V]. It was uncanny looking around in hair and makeup and seeing myself so perfectly embodied by Daphne. Karl thought it was hilarious—even he couldn’t tell us apart! Another great shoot was his “White Shirt” story in V100. I loved the way Karl took portraits and I thought that the story should be based around his favorite girls, paired with his favorite item of clothing— the perfect white shirt. “Optimistic Dystopia” shot by Jackie Nickerson was another milestone on my fashion journey. She ran with my idea of shelter after the apocalypse (which looms over us all especially now as climate change impacts the planet). We were both so moved by the idea of making, of craft, of the irrepressible creative optimism that beats in all our hearts. Just as man has always made things—even in the dark of the Ice Ages—carving stones in the firelight, expressing everything that transfixed them in nature, an ochre paint stroke or a stitch patterning a sleeve.   Karen O’s harrowing vocals narrate a story of unrequited love. Karen O’s harrowing vocals narrate a story of unrequited love. Text: Danielle Combs For Humberto Leon and Carol Lim, fashion goes far beyond the traditional confines of creating clothes. In their latest artistic endeavor for Kenzo, the duo has bridged the gap between fashion, art, and music in the brand’s experiential film Yo! My Saint, which features original music by Karen O. The surreal film is a creative eruption for Kenzo’s muse-inspired SS18 collection, weaving a storyline about a photographer who tragically falls in love with two of his muses. Directed by Ana Lily Amirpour, the cinematic flick enters a neon-soaked dimension where surreal visions of the muses he longs for haunt him at every turn. To narrate the story of one man’s unrequited love, Karen O created “Yo! My Saint” for the campaign, a track featuring Michael Kiwanuka that builds to an arresting crescendo and slowly fades into a lullaby. “For the music, I immediately wanted to do melodramatic and romantic and with lots of yearning and high stakes—all that good stuff that’s in any Korean soap opera. It just started flowing through me. Also, I wanted there to be something authentically romantic about it in some kind of slightly unconventional way, “ Karen explained about how she developed the harrowing track. Watch the video below and enter Kenzo’s fantastical world.   People are buying the $1700 garb in droves. People are buying the $1700 garb in droves. Text: Lilly Pace 
Ugly-chic is officially this year's biggest trend. From high-heeled crocs to dad sneakers, previously deemed "ugly" fashion has made its way onto numerous designer runways. As if we needed more proof that high fashion designers are going "ugly", the honorary hottest shirt of the summer is none other than a boxy, $1700 Prada bowling shirt. Patterned with a mixture of bananas and flames, the design resembles something that Guy Fieri would wear. Yet, Prada's loud, expensive bowling shirts have appeared on celebrities from Pusha T to Jeff Goldblum. 
However, this isn't the first time bananas or ugly-chic have made their way into Prada collections. In September 2010, Prada design chief Miuccia Prada presented her SS11 collection with an array of tropical and banana prints. The designs were an instant success, and a womenswear trend was created out of the fruit. 
As high fashion brands are currently revamping not only ugly-chic designs, but also tapping into customer nostalgia with the relaunch of iconic classics, the comeback of the banana, and the hefty price tag, is no surprise. Nostalgia sells, and Prada knows how to keep hold of their throne in this current fashion climate. 
The outrageous shirt is currently sold out in all sizes except for XL on the Prada website. However, you can still participate in this summer's hottest trend with Prada's banana-clad twill skirt and dress, as long as you're willing to drop over $2000.   V embarks on a bold new fashion series exploring dynamic cities across America, documented by photographers and models with strong local ties. For the second part of the feature from V111, Taylor Hill and her siblings go back home to Colorado. V embarks on a bold new fashion series exploring dynamic cities across America, documented by photographers and models with strong local ties. For the second part of the feature from V111, Taylor Hill and her siblings go back home to Colorado. Photography: Robin Harper Styling: SHABDIECE ESFAHANI 
A version of this article appears in V111, on newsstands now. Order your copy now at vmagazineshop.com.          
“I love how chill it is in Colorado. The fashion scene is pretty snowboarding- and skiing-influenced.” —Taylor Hill         
"The creative energy is definitely on the positive side. People are always being inspired, mainly by the views we get to look at every day. There’s a lot of great artists and people that have small clothing brands running out of a little shop. It’s got that warm home feeling." - Chase Hill  Accessories took the center stage with these street style looks. Accessories took the center stage with these street style looks. Photography: Melodie Jeng Text: Emma Li The Dior FW19 show at the Musée Rodin during Paris Fashion Week saw attendees who stopped in front of the steps of Hôtel Biron, the mansion space that houses the museum’s collection. The building’s classical architecture and 18th century rocaille decorations were the perfect backdrop for the pieces coordinated by the guests in attendance, which included bloggers, models, and actresses. Milanese fashion blogger Erika Boldrin wore the Dior Oblique Saddle Clutch over a muted outfit paired with two-toned boots. Everyone showed equal affection for Dior’s accessories, including Czech supermodel, actress, and V59 cover star Eva Herzigová and fashion blogger Aimee Song, who wore a full pre-fall Dior outfit. Former actress and Nicaraguan human rights advocate Bianca Jagger held a Lady Dior bag that complemented her light-colored, feminine outfit. Sudanese-Australian model Adut Akech Bior who walked for Christian Dior earlier this week rocked a model-off-duty look as she posed for the camera. Other celebrities in attendance included Jennifer Lawrence, who made her first public appearance following her news of engagement. The Dior brand ambassador sat in the front row with Cara Delevingne. Karlie Kloss was also in attendance, wearing a slogan “Sisterhood is Global” tee from the FW19 collection. Check out the other street style looks below:  Honoring the brand's iconic painter splatter jean. Honoring the brand's iconic painter splatter jean. Text: Valerie Stepanova For its Resort 2019 collection, the NYC-based Helmut Lang decided to move forward the iconic paint splatter jean motif. The jean was first revealed during the brand’s Spring 1998 runway show, styled with a dress shirt and lace-up brogues or a crisp white T-shirt and a cummerbund. To celebrate the splatter print, Helmut Lang is launching a new range of T-shirts and sweatshirts for both men and women. Embroidered with the HL logo, the garments have been given a paint splatter treatment to create a graphic recollection of that seminal moment in the brand’s history. Back in the day, the pant signaled the rise of the newly minted creative class, finding mainstream success at the same time. The paint splatter jean has since become an icon of Helmut Lang, embodying the brand’s recusant approach to fashion and its artistic inclination. To capture the collection in a fun way, Jeremy O.Harris, the Slave Play cast, Tei-Shi and a group of her friends throw paint on various props by Kadu Lennox in a stark white room at New Museum:  The Helmut Lang paint splatter collection is now available in all Helmut Lang stores, online and the brand’s select global retail partners.          We review Donatella's Milan Fashion Week styles We review Donatella's Milan Fashion Week styles Text: Paul Madley 
Since selling to Michael Kors back in 2018, Donatella has taken each season as an opportunity to remind us that Versace is still Versace! The Fall 2019 collection was about creating something new while honoring the legacy of the brand. 
During the 1990’s Versace (Gianni) was best known for bold prints, bright colors, bondage and safety pins, rather than flannel and ripped denim. Versace was all about high glamour and sex appeal. Today Donatella gives us her take on Grunge, with a neon collection that will no doubt attract a younger demographic.  
“A little bit of imperfection is the new perfection,” said Donatella. “The way we live today, online and in Instagram, it’s not really right. There’s a need for a little imperfection.” This sentiment lead Donatella to the 90’s grunge movement for inspiration. The soundtrack to the runway was electro-acid house merged with Nirvana guitar riffs.  
The show featured looks of shredded cashmere sweaters, leather slips trimmed with neon lace, stockings, beanies, plaids with style inspiration pulled from ‘Kinder-Whore’ (think 90’s bands Babes in Toyland and Hole) The show was a celebration of acid colors, disheveled hair, schoolgirl tartan, miniskirts, fur trim coats, strappy bondage bustiers worn with killer stilettos, Doc Martens style boots and sneakers. Donatella combined grunge elements with classic Versace designs. More luxe moments came from backless black evening dresses with crisscrossing gold chains, and coats in Baroque / Jacquard styles. 
Donatella also paid tribute to herself, with a white T-shirt printed with a 1995 Richard Avedon image that was used in the campaign for the fragrance Versace Blonde.  There was a big emphasis on bags with the debut of new handbag line, Virtus. The bags were dressed with dangling charms; diamond studded apple cores, dogs and safety pins. 90’s Super’ Stephanie Seymour closed the show while Gigi, Bella, Kendall, Kaia and Burberry muse, MariaCarla walked the runway. 
For a collection that explored imperfection, Donatella presented something that was still very glamorous and sexy… very Versace.    We're already breaking into vacation mode. We're already breaking into vacation mode. Photography: Max Papendieck Styling: Kate Carnegie 
This feature appears in V118, our Spring 2019 issue, on newsstands now! 
This spring, we're all for bright contrasts. Frozen cocktails, hot clothes. Blaring music, a cool splash. The celebration continues from Australia to Miami to Barcelona, and beyond. Spring Break 2019. Never. Ends.  Tattoo artist Dr. Woo is the latest to collaborate with Converse for Los Angeles-themed sneaker. Tattoo artist Dr. Woo is the latest to collaborate with Converse for Los Angeles-themed sneaker. Text: Rayne H. Ellis 
Converse announced today that Dr.Woo is the latest to join their list of L.A. artists who are collaborating with the brand to create a line of limited edition sneakers. Following in the footsteps of Vince Staples, Born X Raised, and Babylon (just to name a few), the Los Angeles-based tattoo artist is adding some modern tattoo-inspired designs to the timeless sneaker. 
Known for his attention to detail and single-needle work, Brian Woo, or Dr. Woo, has developed somewhat of a cult following in Los Angeles and beyond, accruing more than 1.3 million followers on Instagram and tattooing the likes of Miley Cyrus and Sam Smith, which makes him a prime candidate for a celebration of local artists such as this one. 
The sneaker, titled Converse Chuck 70, is an apparent homage to the global sensation that was the Converse high-top in the 1970s,  and is a project Dr. Woo has told many that he's particularly proud of. Harking back to the days when he would doodle on his own pair, the shoe shows the story of an embroidered spider chasing an inked on fly. Woo said that his goal was to really make the shoes personal and wear them "'til they are destroyed." 
The collaboration will be available online and at select retail stores starting January 20. Click through the lookbook here.      The brand launches the supermodel into a surrealist American landscape. The brand launches the supermodel into a surrealist American landscape. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
For the upcoming FW18 season, Proenza Schouler has launched what could easily be called the campaign of the season. 
Enlisting fashion icon and supermodel Amber Valleta as the face of the campaign, Proenza Schouler's FW18 collection explores "the heritage of American craft through the lens of a voyager." Shot by photographer Zoe Ghertner, the selected imagery captures a surrealist American landscape, embracing the macramé, artisanal tie-dyed, and patchwork pieces of the collection and embodies the spirit of the outdoor freedom and wide open spaces.  Take a look at the entire Proenza Schouler, Amber Valleta campaign below!    The British denim brand tapped the native Londoner for their SS19 campaign. The British denim brand tapped the native Londoner for their SS19 campaign. Text: Czar Van Gaal Dua Lipa's plan for world domination is reaching new highs in 2019. The “Electricity” singer has already earned herself two Grammy awards, broken records at the Brit Awards with five nominations, and lent an original song to the tentpole film Alita: Battle Angel. Now, she's channeling her unstoppable strength in a Pepe Jeans campaign shot by David Sims. As the first musician to be tapped as a global ambassador for Pepe Jeans London, the British-Albanian pop star trades her usual glam attire for a series of rugged SS19 getups. The campaign also marks Sims's return to Pepe Jeans; back in 2008, he shot model Daria Werbowy alongside Ashton Kutcher for the denim brand. Lipa, with her windswept hair and supermodel chops on full display, may recall the 10-year-old photos of Werbowy, no male counterpart required. But in 2019, pop stars carry their own campaigns. And those are the rules.  Go behind the scenes with the runway legends as Kate Moss and Joan Smalls sound off on jewelry, love, and diamonds. Go behind the scenes with the runway legends as Kate Moss and Joan Smalls sound off on jewelry, love, and diamonds. Text: Vienna Vernose 
The latest Lucky Move collection from Parisian luxury jewelry brand Messika unveiled a major girl gang hand-picked by Creative Director Valérie Messika herself. The campaign presents iconic supermodel Kate Moss, Dutch actress Sylvia Hoeks, and supermodel Joan Smalls in a trio of contemporary heroines.“I wanted to create a trio of girls, a gang that would represent women in their diversity and each of whom, whatever their age, would embody a type of beauty," says Valérie Messika. The sexy, high-energy campaign gives you a glimpse of the collection comprised of pendants, rings, chokers, and more set to launch in September of this year. 
Ahead, check out the photos by Mert & Marcus including a bonus interview with the legendary faces of the campaign: 
KATE: 
How did being the new face of Messika come about? Have you been a long-time fan of the brand? 
A friend got in touch to say they were interested in working with me, I met with Valerie and we got on very well. I love what they do so I thought it would be great to join forces. I have worn their jewelry quite a lot on shoots and always admired it. 
How do your Rock N Roll sensibilities translate to the MESSIKA narrative? 
Really well, I think their jewelry is classical with a modern twist and for such fine jewelry, it is still very rock n roll. 
Finish this sentence: Diamonds are…. 
My Favourite things. 
 As you know, the three diamonds in MOVE symbolize past, present and future. Who MOVES you? 
My Daughter, my family & friends, and my Boyfriend. 
Who do you love yesterday, today and tomorrow?  
Yesterday, today, and tomorrow—Lila. 
What kind of women wear Messika according to you? 
Young, fashionable women. 
 How would you describe MESSIKA in three words? 
Strong, modern and feminine. 
What is your favorite High jewelry piece from the latest Messika collection? 
I love the Desert bloom necklace, it was really comfortable to wear. 
Do you have a specific collection from Messika that really speaks to your personality and style? 
MOVE bangles which are fun and good to play with. 
JOAN: 
The Move Collection stands for the love of yesterday, today and tomorrow. Who would you give a piece of LUCKY MOVE to? 
My mom. Because I’ve always said that to her. That my love for her transcends time. 
How would you describe the MOVE collection in three words? 
Classic, cool and timeless. 
What kind of woman wears Messika? 
Any woman who has good taste in jewelry. 
What is your favorite high jewelry piece from the latest Messika collection? 
Black Hawk, the one made with precious wood, gold and diamonds. 
Do you have a specific piece/collection from Messika that really speaks to your personality and style? 
I am in love with the new pieces from the iconic Move collection called Lucky Move. It’s fun, playful, bold and I love to imagine that it brings me luck. 
How was the shooting for you—also in company with Kate and Sylvia? Did you know each other before? 
I’ve worked with Kate before. It was my first time with Sylvia. The shoot was fun and I love working with Mert & Marcus they always make you feel so empowered and you feel safe that your image will be the best. 
What makes Messika different from other Jewelry Houses? 
That Valerie understands fashion and integrates it with her jewelry design. And a lot of her pieces are timeless which I think is one of the most important characteristics to have in jewelry because you never want to get tired of it. 
What was it like to work with Valerie Messika? 
She’s very focused on her products and the vision that it should portray.   Because your furry friends are likely more deserving of gifts than your human friends. Because your furry friends are likely more deserving of gifts than your human friends. Text: Jake Viswanath  Miu Miu girls are on the go in the brand's sumptuous new ad campaign. Miu Miu girls are on the go in the brand's sumptuous new ad campaign. Text: Czar Van Gaal 
In the new campaign for Miu Miu's Cruise 2019 collection, Kendall Jenner, Adriana Lima, Gwendoline Christie and more grace the lobby of Paris's Hotel Regina in their finest SS19 resort looks. The campaign, entitled Croisière (which translates, aptly, to "Cruise") channels the golden age of travel, showcasing the modern sophistication the brand is known for. The well-heeled girl gang, which also includes models Taylor Hill and Ariel Nicholson, may hail from various walks of life, but seen through the rich colors of photographer Alasdair McLellan, reflect a singular air of timelessness and play that the brand is known for (note touches of anachronism, like the pink drink brandished by Naomi Chin Wing). 
"A hotel is a paradox," says the brand in a statement. "[It is] simultaneously intimate and expansive, private and public. It is an ephemeral space, a home, but only for a night." Before you check in, check out the full Cruise 2019 campaign below.  Whether it's a candy exploding cake or a Kate Spade satchel, V has your go-to guide for all of your sweet treat summer needs. Check out our sugar high worthy fixes below! Whether it's a candy exploding cake or a Kate Spade satchel, V has your go-to guide for all of your sweet treat summer needs. Check out our sugar high worthy fixes below! Text: AJ Longabaugh Dior Addict Lip Maximizer, $34 Two questions. One: Do you follow Bella Hadid on Instagram? Don't lie to me, we all do. Now two: Are you trying to achieve that Bella Hadid lip, but it's just not happening the way you hoped? As the face of Dior Beauty, Bella continues to turn face and stun with her wide range of looks and staple makeup choices. Get over to your nearest department store and snag yourself a tube of Dior's Addict Lip Maximizer and you won't even believe the incredible difference in color, shine, and lifespan after application. Any questions? No? Ok. Get out there and make this summer's selfies your best yet. Flour Shop's Explosion Cake, $150 Founded by Amriah Kassem, Soho's Flour Shop is your go to destination for the sweetest (edible) treat of the summer and the fall, and the spring and... the winter. Her creations range from her staple 'Explosion Cake' to 'Hamburger' cakes to 'Cara the Unicorn' cakes. Kassem has created a space that proudly embraces, "unicorns, pizza, cake, dreams, glitter, burgers, rainbows, ice-cream, sprinkles, bubbles, smiles, cotton candy, donuts, sparkles, stuffed animals, imagination, Saturday morning cartoons, jumping and long walks on the beach." Hop on over to Flour Shop located at 177 Layfayette St. and get your sugar high on fleek! cameron street candance satchel by kate spade, $378 Looking for the perfect bag for the last half of summer, but one that will also compliment the beginning of fall. Kate Spade has you covered. The 'cameron street candance satchel' combines classic shape with detailed functionality and is perfect for any and all occasions. Available in 3 colorways (black, warm vellum, and tusk), this multi-zippered, clean-lined satchel goes perfect with a bright sundress or dark skinny jean which in my opinion, means this bag simply can't be beat. A Pair of Graphic Moschino Heels, $348 (SALE PRICE) There are plenty of summer nights in that city that are better off spent indoors, only for the sake of survival with every New Yorker's best friend: the A/C. But those nights where the dance floor is calling or an entire bottle of rosé has asked you out on a date, a funky, unpredictable heel is definitely a must have. On a budget? Moschino is currently having a steal of sale and these graphic heels are the perfect reason to dip into your next paycheck and slide these on for a night on the town. Seriously. What are waiting for? Fendi Fruits Charm, $770 Ok, so I cannot and will not deny my truth (and it's the only truth tbh) that indeed less is more, but like... the Summer of 2018 is all about being extra af. Fendi has all of your extra needs with a large range of fur charms that includes the cute yet chic Fendi Fruits Charm. Shaped like a strawberry and dyed the perfect hue of pink, these charms look good on bags, key rings, suitcases, jackets, and basically anything that you clip it onto. Also available in blue and yellow, this charm is your summer's perfect accessory fix.  Most recently, in November, Moncler collaborated with KITH. Most recently, in November, Moncler collaborated with KITH. Text: Megan Armstrong Moncler is the latest big brand to adapt the way it communicates with customers. Almost completely gone are the days when brands only fed hungry followers every six months or so. As Moncler president and chief executive Remo Ruffini put it, "You cannot talk to your customer every six months; you need to talk every day." And so, Moncler has introduced its new 'Genius' approach, in place of seasonal Gamme Bleu/Gamme Rogue runway partnerships with Thom Browne and Giambattista Valli. Inspired by its most popular item, ski jackets, Moncler has launched a website introducing 'Genius.' The site says, "Creativity is our energy. Multiplicity is our strength. Truthfulness is our credo. Change is what drives us forward. Moncler is continuing to explore the surrounding spirit of its uniqueness. The future starts now." Actually, the future for Moncler 'Genius' starts on Feb. 20. 'Genius' will include monthly collections and content with guest collaborators. So far, the announced collaborators are Pierpaolo Piccioli (Valentino),Karl Temper, Kei Ninomiya, Craig Green, Simone Rocha, Hiroshi Fujiwara, Francesco Ragazzi and Moncler's own Sandro Mandrino. "We were never based on fashion," Ruffini added. "We were always based on uniqueness and energy."  The eclectic, electric Elise Agee is our Miss March for 2019. Stay tuned as V tease the rest of the calendar throughout the holidays! The eclectic, electric Elise Agee is our Miss March for 2019. Stay tuned as V tease the rest of the calendar throughout the holidays! Photography: Carin Backoff Styling: Anna Trevelyan  This season, Molly Goddard brought the party to the runway. This season, Molly Goddard brought the party to the runway. Text: Danielle Combs 
It’s rare to meet a woman like Molly Goddard, who possesses immense fortitude all while harnessing her strengths as a designer whose creative spirit can transcend and flourish with every design she creates. In a matter of seasons, Goddard has been able to transfix the entire industry with her brilliantly color-saturated smocked dresses that exude a sense of playfulness and femininity. 
This season, Goddard introduced a new type of party attire to the runway, complete with slinky ruched body-con dresses cut in a '90s gingham pattern, along with her signature ruffled tulle dresses that were an absolute delight to witness. Expanding her repertoire, the designer ushered in teeny tiny crop tops equipped with a frothy tulle ball skirt, proving that Goddard is making moves outside of her signature saccharine frocks. Click through the slideshow to see the fantastical collection in full.   Christopher John Rogers joins a legacy that includes the likes of Alexander Wang & Proenza Schouler as the 2019 CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund winner. Christopher John Rogers joins a legacy that includes the likes of Alexander Wang & Proenza Schouler as the 2019 CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund winner. Text: Angelica Manos For the past 16 years, the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund has been helping launch talented designers careers’ into full throttle. This time around, our favorite up and coming womenswear designer, Christopher John Rogers, has been announced the winner.  The 25-year-old Rogers, who reigns in Brooklyn, is recognized for his avant-garde take on evening wear dresses, putting a fun individualist spin on each piece he creates. Rogers’ self-proclaimed big-name fans, such as Rihanna, Michelle Obama, and Lizzo, are featured on his social media pages decked in Roger’s couture, including supermodel Ashley Graham, who co-presented him with the award.     🍅 The incomparably sweet and gorgeous @katgraham in our resolution for this year’s #CVFF sustainability-focused design challenge. Organic linen hand-dyed by the team with logwood, turmeric, madder, and cochineal (using techniques taught to us by @iangreeer), fully hand-embroidered with upcycled @swarovski crystal beads and buttons, and traditionally hand-tailored into a slim suit in Manhattan’s garment district using menswear techniques. Thank you to @voguemagazine and the @cfda for this opportunity and pairing, and to Kat for selling this look! ❤️ Photos by the icon, @hunterabrams for @bfa! 🍒 A post shared by  Christopher John Rogers (@christopherjohnrogers) on Oct 22, 2019 at 10:30am PDT  Roger’s is the grand prize winner of $400,000 and a year of priceless industry mentorship, beating out big names like Danielle Frankel and Lou Dallas. This year’s competition was judged by legendary names such as, Anna Wintour, Diane von Furstenberg and Eva Chen, making sure the winner impressed the best.  Rogers took to his Instagram to let his supporters know how thankful he is by stating, “This is the physical manifestation of the prayers and sacrifices of my forefathers. God, the universe, my family, my TEAM, the judges. Thank you, endlessly.”     ❤️🍒🍓 This is the physical manifestation of the prayers and sacrifices of my forefathers. God, the universe, my family, my TEAM, the judges. Thank you, endlessly. #CVFF #winnerwinnerchickendinner @trixiemattel ❤️🐓❗️ A post shared by  Christopher John Rogers (@christopherjohnrogers) on Nov 4, 2019 at 7:38pm PST  Congrats, Christopher! We can’t wait to see what your future holds.   The 16-year-old's featured fall campaign photos have arrived. The 16-year-old's featured fall campaign photos have arrived. Text: Lilly Pace 
Kaia Gerber is officially cementing her partnership with Karl Lagerfeld, as the young model is featured in advertisements for the brand's upcoming fall collection. 
The images, photographed by Lagerfeld himself, were shot at his 7L studio in Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The designer's personal photographs of Parisian architecture appear in the background. 
This is Kaia's second collaboration with the brand, as it was announced earlier this year that she is dropping a Kaia x Karl Lagerfeld capsule collection this fall. Based on a mixture of Kaia's California style and Lagerfeld's Parisian style, the ready-to-wear collection will have its own separate advertising campaign to be released later this year. 
Check out images from the new campaign below.   The brand has announced that it condemns child abuse and will not be selling anything MJ related in stores The brand has announced that it condemns child abuse and will not be selling anything MJ related in stores Text: Mayzie Hopkins Not too long ago, attendees of the Louis Vuitton Autumn/Winter fashion show received a single white rhinestone glove in the form of invitations. Once there, audiences at the Jardins des Tuileries would await clothing inspired by Michael Jackson, worn by models that walked down the backdrop made to resemble the Billie Jean music video.  This wouldn't be happening right now, just a few weeks after the men's show. The docu-series Leaving Neverland has since aired, premiering at Sundance Festival and has left viewers in a state of shock. Although the allegations, speculations, and million dollar pay-offs outside of court may have convinced some people before, for many, these were just tabloid rumors. It wasn't until the intensely detailed and disturbing statements that Wade Robson and James Safechuck made that a mass agreement to shun the singer has ensued. Radio stations have stopped playing his music, artists have spoken out about their disgust and it feels as though the number of die-hard fans defending his "honor" has decreased (even if slightly). Virgil Abloh, who is behind the collection that celebrates Jackson, first talked about the show in a concerningly tone-deaf way, taking little responsibility for the artistic choices made. Defending his muse, he told the New Yorker that he went in envisioning "the Michael that I thought was universally accepted, the good side, his humanitarian self.” This was, however, before he had watched the two-part documentary by Dan Reed. Speaking exclusively to WWD, Abloh recently said, "I am aware that, in light of this documentary, the show has caused emotional reactions. I strictly condemn any form of child abuse, violence or infringement against any human rights." While Michael Burke, the chairman of the brand, said, "We find the allegations in the documentary deeply troubling and disturbing. Child safety and welfare is of utmost importance to Louis Vuitton. We are fully committed to advocating this cause.” The collection featured many items with Jackson's image and trademark pieces along with actual items owned by the singer. Louis Vuitton has announced that it will not be selling gloves, sequined jackets, T-Shirts with Jackson's loafers and socks on or anything inspired directly by the alleged pedophile.  Are you in the market for a Saint Laurent Vespa? Are you in the market for a Saint Laurent Vespa? Text: Jake Viswanath 
On December 20, only less than a month away, Colette will sadly shut its doors for good. But because the iconic Paris boutique is going out in style rather than sadness, they organized a series of pop-ups headed by only the most renowned French designers to lead them out. And the brand that gets the honor of closing the store is none other than Saint Laurent, who created a capsule collection full of exclusive pieces and unique collectibles. 
The collaboration may be one of the fashion world's most wide-ranging yet, marking a perfect send-off for the sleek yet eclectic store. Pieces include everything from a leopard-embossed Arkaic Concept skate deck and a custom vintage Polaroid camera to Pierre Marcolini chocolates and a Patti Smith sweatshirt. But truly, you can't get more Parisian than the Saint Laurent Vespa, complete with a glossy black Ruby helmet. 
The decision to host Saint Laurent as Colette's final pop-up may be more intentional than we think as the brand is currently rumored to take over the soon-to-be vacated space on Rue St.-Honoré. It would be an inspired choice, considering both the shared French heritage of the two brands, with the pop-up space being a poignant passing of the torch. It would also be an ironic choice, considering their rocky history and subsequent reconciliation earlier this year. But for now, head to Colette while you still can and grab the exclusive Saint Laurent items on the first floor, available from November 27 until the closing day of December 20. Take a peek at the collection below.   “Acne Studios is loud, Juliette’s loud.” “Acne Studios is loud, Juliette’s loud.” Text: Erin McDowell 
Acne Studios is known for being a little unorthodox, and the star of its latest campaign embodies just that. In their SS18 lookbook, Juliette Lewis models a collection inspired by the “strong women of 90s cinema” filled with vibrant hues and seemingly espionage-inspired poses.  
Speaking on the theme for the campaign, Creative Director Jonny Johansson explained how there are "all these amazing strong female characters who have a lot of things to think about other than fashion and they all look incredible." He went on, saying, "they were the starting point from which the collection grew." 
Taking inspiration from iconic female roles of the 90s,  including ones played by Lewis herself, Johansson chose his muse with intention. “Acne Studios is loud, Juliette’s loud”, founder Jonny Johansson told i-D. “We created this character together and it turned out really cool!” No arguments there. With the help of photographer Talia Chetrit and stylist Vanessa Reid, the campaign took on a cinematic feel as Lewis embodied the character who would wear the clothes. 
“Juliette came on set, saw the clothes and just started to create this character,” says Johansson. “It was exactly what I wanted. Talia followed her mood and movements and the images turned out great.” Check out the slideshow below to view the entire campaign.   Rock-n-roll devotee, Redemption's Gabriele “Bebe” Moratti, has set down roots in NYC. Rock-n-roll devotee, Redemption's Gabriele “Bebe” Moratti, has set down roots in NYC. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
After debuting his fashion brand Redemption in 2012, Gabriele “Bebe” Moratti wasted no time distinguishing it from the fashion-startup pack. Just as committed to rock-n-roll-infused embellishment as to sustainable and cutting-edge manufacturing techniques, Moratti’s passion project soon became one of the industry’s most talked-about new forces.  
Since then, the brand has arguably outgrown the start-up label—especially in light of Redemption’s subsequent expansion into more traditional retail sectors, from Couture in 2017 to its first-ever retail store this year. Proving that such growth hasn’t slowed his life-in-the-fastlane pace, Moratti, 40, juggled the store opening and fashion month all at once, showing Redemption’s SS20 collection in Paris this fall, and opening the New York flagship in October.  
In the era of fashion-on-demand, these highly tangible gestures of growth carry added currency. As such, Moratti made sure his Soho store would be a comprehensive reflection of the brand’s many layers. The first step, settling on a location, was, if anything, complicated by Redemption’s inherently global identity: While Moratti has strong roots in Milan (his father was once the city’s mayor), Redemption shows collections and is based in Paris. “Between Milan and Paris we [were leaning toward] Paris," says Moratti. But in the end, New York’s cultural and commercial standing won out. “New York made the most sense, because it’s the center of the world,” he adds. “It’s not only one of the fashion capitals of the world, it’s also the center of the world when it comes to art, culture, and all the rest.”  
Though Moratti’s native Milan may not have won his real-estate bid, the store’s illustrious interior designer, director Luca Guadagnino, is his bedfellow in Italian provenance as well as aesthetic taste. “Luca and I have been friends for a very long time,” says Moratti. “My aesthetic is [influenced by] alt-cinema and alt-photography, [so] I have always appreciated [Luca’s] work—not only as a director but also as an art director. He has a great ability to tell a story through space or through objects.”  
Moratti knows this firsthand, as one of the producers of Guadagnino’s 2018 horror film Suspiria. But the Guadagnino film that most comes through at the Redemption store is arguably A Bigger Splash, about a fictional veteran rockstar on holiday. For inspiration, Guadagnino and Moratti opted for a lesser-known chapter in rock-royalty lore—the making of the Rolling Stones’ 1972 album Exile on Main St., which took place at a sprawling villa in the South of France. With a picture of Keith Richards as a launchpad, Moratti gave Guadagnino a carte blanche. “I showed him this amazing picture of Keith Richards on the floor of this beautiful park, [on] this beautiful, decadent [called] Villa Nellcôte, sitting on the floor playing guitar,” he says. “He looked at the picture and said, ‘Okay, I will get back to you. I went [back] a week later, and he had all of these mood boards. He even found Rolling Stones pictures I had never seen before, which is very difficult [to do]! I was shocked by that. [From then on] there was never a moment of hesitation, I was like this is it.” 
See inside the Stones’ Riviera hideaway, subject of a recent exhibit at Snap Galleries, here, and inside Redemption in New York here.   I Feel So Crazy, a project in the “Surface Conversions” series, brought artists Raúl de Nieves and Jessie Stead to Missoni’s NYC boutique store. I Feel So Crazy, a project in the “Surface Conversions” series, brought artists Raúl de Nieves and Jessie Stead to Missoni’s NYC boutique store. Text: Julian Wright Angela Missoni has been lauded for her ability to keep her family’s legacy brand alive and fresh for so many years. Growing from a small knitwear workshop into a multi million-dollar fashion enterprise, Missoni has expanded its reach worldwide. Earlier this week, Missoni's boutique in New York City had extra dazzle – as performance art with I Feel So Crazy. On May 22nd, Missoni invited Raúl de Nieves and Jessie Stead to exhibit I Feel So Crazy in-store. Along with their performative partner, Nathan Whipple, de Nieves and Stead transformed the boutique into a gallery of sorts, with their art front and center. The three together are collectively known as the band, Hairbone. Grids of collaged photos filled the space, highlighting moments from the band’s 10 years of activity through candid portraits and video. The band didn’t just celebrate its history; it made some by performing some of its eclectic music in an extravagant spectacle. I Feel So Crazy is another project in the Missoni series, “Surface Conversions”. The installations will exhibit through September. Take a peek at them and the launch event below.  Jason Wu is back from his two-season break from the runway, and his new collection is a token from the designer's summer vacation on the islands of Mykonos and Mallorca Jason Wu is back from his two-season break from the runway, and his new collection is a token from the designer's summer vacation on the islands of Mykonos and Mallorca Text: Valerie Stepanova 
This summer, the New York City-base Canadian-Taiwanese designer Jason Wu decided it is high time for him to take a step back and recalibrate. To help facilitate this said recalibration, Wu took himself on an end-of-summer month-long trip to the islands of Mykonos and Mallorca. Going there with a clear intention to let down, laze around and luxuriate in the heavenly sun and sands of Italy, he realized how important it is to press pause on the grind from time to time, recharge and figure out exactly where you stand and where you want to go in the future. 
Who: Jason Wu in the studio, Sara Grace Wallerstadt on the runway, Adriana Lima and Eva Gutowski in the front row 
What: after half a year of absence, Wu showed his Spring/Summer 2020 collection 
When: September 8, 2019; 6 p.m. EST 
Where: in a postindustrial venue at Pier 17, looking over the Brooklyn Bridge 
Why: let the color palettes inspired by Irving Penn's fruit photos and old travel posters promoting the French Rivera will take you on an ambrosial vacation to Mediterranean islands  Smoky eyes, bright shimmers, bold lips— this is next level beauty. Smoky eyes, bright shimmers, bold lips— this is next level beauty. Text: Valerie Stepanova Rihanna’s Savage x Fenty show was a one-of-a-kind show the industry has never seen before. There were quite a few moments that had us gagging, quaking and everything in between. Now that everything has calmed down a little and we all came to terms with what a badass businesswoman and entertainer Rihanna is, we are ready to give you a step-by-step breakdown of five savage looks that Fenty Beauty artistry team made up for the fierce and fearless celebration confidence and inclusivity. Priscilla Ono & Hector Espinal, Fenty Beauty Global Makeup Artists, explain: “Each look exudes bold, sexy glam with an irreverent edge. No two exactly the same, the looks are empowering and confidence-provoking as a celebration of diversity and individuality. All of the looks were designed to match the essence of each performance and the landscape of the show.” The Fenty Beauty artistry team used all Fenty Beauty products to create all looks that appeared on the runway that night. Each of the looks was tailored to each model, their unique features and personality—something that is seldom seen in the modeling industry still. Buckle up: we got all the details you need here. SCENE 1 LOOK Products: Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Match Stix Shimmer Skinstick in Yacht Lyfe Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Killawatt Freestyle Highlighter CLF Edition Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Gloss Bomb Universal Lip Luminizer in Diamond Milk Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Diamond Bomb II All-Over Diamond Veil in Holo At Me Artistry Tip: To highlight features and catch the light, strategically place microfine holographic shimmer like the Fenty Beauty Diamond Bomb II in limited edition shade Holo At Me on top of lids, cheeks, nose and cupid’s bow to catch the light from all angles. The new limited edition holographic pink shade will flatter all skin tones as it reflects on the skin. SCENE 2 LOOK Products: Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Killawatt Freestyle Highlighter in Wattabrat Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Match Stix Shimmer Skinstick in Bordeaux Brat Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Stunna Lip Paint in Undefeated Artistry Tip: Add dimension and drama to your look by creating a graphic eye with a wash of color on the lid and concentrated pigment just along the lash line. Soften the look by smudging around the edges to diffuse it slightly without turning it into a smokey eye. SCENE 3 LOOK     Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Brow MVP Ultra Fine Brow Pencil & Styler Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Diamond Bomb All-Over Diamond Veil Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Gloss Bomb Universal Lip Luminizer in Diamond Milk Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Sun Stalk’r Instant Warmth Bronzer                Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Brow MVP Ultra Fine Brow Pencil & Styler Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Diamond Bomb All-Over Diamond Veil Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Stunna Lip Paint Longwear Fluid Lip Color in Unveil, Unbutton & Uncuffed              Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Invisimatte Blotting Powder Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Killawatt Freestyle Highlighter in Trophy Wife Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Diamond Bomb All-Over Diamond Veil Fenty Beauty by Rihanna Mattemoiselle Plush Matte Lipstick in S1ngle, Up 2 No Good, I Quit, and Shawty       Ranging from smart trenches to rich evening wear, the pre-fall collections orchestrate an intriguing combination of utility and fantasy. Ranging from smart trenches to rich evening wear, the pre-fall collections orchestrate an intriguing combination of utility and fantasy. Photography: Thomas Lohr Styling: Tom Van Dorpe  Text: Swarovski Swarovski’s contributions to global sustainability are of a piece with its fundamental mission: to nurture beauty and harmony the world over, or in founder Daniel Swarovski’s words, to make “a diamond for every woman.” That pledge has placed Swarovski at the fore of the cultural imagination for 125 years— whether illuminating the dress Marilyn Monroe wore to serenade John F. Kennedy, providing a monumental backdrop to West End adaptations of Tina Turner’s life and Jennifer Lopez’s latest tour or adding luster to the pages of V Magazine. Nadja Swarovski, Daniel’s great-great-granddaughter, has helped maintain Swarovski’s place at the cutting edge of history, innovating on both creative and environmental fronts. A year after appointing famed fashion editor Isabella Blow to consult for the brand in 1999, she helped launch Swarovski’s clean-water access and education initiative, Swarovski Waterschool, before founding the Swarovski Foundation in 2013. Today these missions are aligned with the brand’s core eco-minded practices: 35% of the company’s energy use comes from renewables and 76% of water use is met through recycled sources. And those same values are also embedded within high-profile collaborations like the latest Atelier Swarovski by Penélope Cruz fine jewelry collection, which sits as part of the brand’s drive for ‘Conscious Luxury’, utilizing a positive mix of materials including Swarovski Created Diamonds, responsibly sourced natural gemstones and fair-trade and recycled gold. With her keen eye for emerging talents, Nadja Swarovski has ensured that past collaborations with the likes of Christopher Kane and Mary Katrantzou live on as timeless heirlooms today—as Kane’s, Katrantzou’s and others’ collections do in V Magazine’s special September fashion story, “A Celebration of Print by Nick Knight.” This unprecedented survey, printed on recycled paper as a nod to Swarovski and V’s commitment to sustainability, features a parade of one-of-a-kind couture, forged from historic editions of V and accessorized with the greatest hits of the Swarovski archives. And to symbolize the power of these trajectories colliding, we’ve made a select 350 issues even more collectible—adorning them with a V-shaped constellation of over 800 real Swarovski crystals. Dive in! Back in June, we teased a special collaborative project with longtime members of the V family: Nick Knight and Anna Trevelyan. To commemorate our 20th year, the two creative forces ushered in a fleet of fashion's next superstars to harness the power of printed matter—crafting one-of-a-kind garments with archival editions of V Magazine, brought to life by a parade of beauties. To complete this futuristic constellation, they rock the greatest hits of the Swarovski Atelier. View now, below! Makeup Erin Parsons (Streeters) Hair Sam McKnight (Premier Hair and Make-up) Models Grace Elizabeth (Next), Indira Scott (DNA), Hoyeon Jung (The Society), Aweng Chuol (State), Jazzelle Zanaughtti (The Society), Akiima (IMG), Hannah Ferguson (IMG), Luna Bijl (DNA), Jordan Daniels (The Society), Hungry Manicure Adam Slee (Streeters) Tailor Kevin Geddes Set design Andrew Tomlinson (Streeters) Executive Producer Kat Davey (Liberte Productions) Digital Technician Joe Colley Photo assistants Tom Alexander, Ralph Lawson, Stefan Ebelewicz, George Read, Harry Ecroyd, Gabor Herczegfalvi Stylist assistants Hamish Wirgman, Archie Grant Makeup assistants Aya Watanabe, Christian Briceno, Manisha Parti, Sergio Alvarez Hair assistants Fabio Petri, Kumiko Tsumagari, Amidat Giwa, Ryan Wood Set design assistant David Konix Production assistant Alice Carlet Runner Jess Chant Retouching Epilogue Imaging Location Alva West Studios  Justine Skye gears up for the release of her highly anticipated EP with a Farfetch sponsored soiree. Justine Skye gears up for the release of her highly anticipated EP with a Farfetch sponsored soiree. Text: Czar Van Gaal Justine Skye has seen her fair share adversity this past year, but from the looks of it, skies are beginning to clear for the 23-year-old singer. After weathering a storm of domestic violence and losing sight of who she was, Skye has come out on the other end and is seemingly better than ever. Now in full bloom and ready to revel in the fruits of her labor; Skye teamed up with Farfetch to give a first glance at her next chapter- Bare With Me.   The Brooklyn-born songstress kicked off the night performing acoustic renditions of her greatest hits including Collide and Heaven, then previewed two new songs from the forthcoming EP. Skye Serenaded the crowd with “Secrets” a sultry slow-simmering track with classic R&B flair and then quickly riled the crowd back up with “Bulletproof;" a lively dancehall track that pays homage to her Caribbean roots. The Farfetch sponsored soiree was held at the World of McIntosh Townhouse in Soho. And although the venue of choice may have been mansion sprawling 10,000 square feet and 7 floors; the event couldn’t have felt more intimate. Skye commanded the room with her newly found confidence ultimately marking the genesis of a new era for the singer.   The EP; Bare With Me releases on August 27th.     While the Canadian city might not be on the traditional fashion calendar, Toronto is quickly growing as a fashion capital. While the Canadian city might not be on the traditional fashion calendar, Toronto is quickly growing as a fashion capital. Text: Maxwell N. Burnstein The growing pains of a slow Canadian fashion industry show change. Loss of sponsorship and government funding pushed national talent abroad until a focussed direction gave disgruntled designers a reason to stay for SS19. A reaction to a climate that champions global success saw an inversion from September 03-06. Toronto-based designer management and production agency The Collections partnered with Toronto Fashion Week as an assimilation of the countries leading presentations for media and buyers. The fourth iteration of this combined attack titled RE\SET reforms fashion for Canadians at a commercial and direct to consumer level. Select apparel and accessories have been made available for global retail through Hudson's Bay. At the Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) womenswear designer Mikhael Kale was reminiscent of Westworld. An opening sequence of jazz performers in pink windbreaker-hazmat suits set the tone for the moving presentation. Dinosaur fossils marked the final position for models to display bleached cowboy boots, reconstructed tracksuits and updated tartan dresses. Based in Montreal WRKDEPT embraced the cities European ease. Bathing caps and wooden accessories added playful whimsy to a sophisticated collection. An unexpected departure from the logo and image heavy commercial apparel available for both genders at HBC. Elevated with mens’ inspired dress shirts, pleating and a feminine blue pallet WRKDEPT is finding success in simplicity. Sid Neigum became the face of a million dollar business without comprising. An otherworldly runway was set up in a parking lot that melded underground with luxury. The derelict setting heightened the lightness of his womenswear collection while airy sci-fi inspired designs moved with ease. Unique architectural elements in shape and fabric are a nod to Neigum’s use of mathematics in construction while spectacle is good business. The design duo behind menswear line WIL STUDIOS have become a sensation. Grammy nominated Daniel Caeser sat front row for the SS19 collection titled “Ball Boy” as the unofficial face for the brand. The runway was a garden path of grass, dirt and white wooden arbors mazed through an exposed concrete room. Utilitarian cargo pants and oversized slouchy button downs were retrofitted for hype. The “WHAT I LIKE” label feels inaccessible while retailing online right now. Beyond The Collections cannabis company San Rafael ‘71 sponsored the Hendrixroe show. Performances from rapper Jazz Cartier played to the brands boisterous pop vibe. DJ on the runway, bondage masks, electric raincoats and bedazzled sunglasses played to the tastes of Jeremy Scott and local bloggers The Beckermans. Canadian culture is expressed in a wide range of diversity. The Collections presenting designers pushed this message with a range of tastes and cultural reference for all consumers. Translating this diversity into the fashion industry helps shift the discussion to success at home instead of outside the country.  With lines like “Hardcore Volume and Softcore Feel” I didn’t want to like this mascara until I gave it a shot. With lines like “Hardcore Volume and Softcore Feel” I didn’t want to like this mascara until I gave it a shot. Text: Stella Pak My friends will be the first to tell you, I’m not a prude. But with the debut of NARS Climax Mascara promising that the wand “Will Drive You Wild” and all the sexual innuendos a copywriter can think of in heat, I couldn’t help but laugh. I understand that the NARS Orgasm collection is one of the highest selling products and NARS has audacious shade names such as G-Spot and Deep Throat. But this one really pushed the envelope and made me feel uncomfortable. I finally got my hands on a sample and was reluctant to try it out at first but after flipping through Netflix with my cat, #BadGalRiver and their algorithms recommending me to watch Frasier for the evening, I figured why not play with myself and try out this mascara everyone’s been talking about. If you’re Asian with a single eyelid reading this, you feel me. I gave up on mascara. I always envied my Middle Eastern and Mediterranean friends for having the most lush, naturally curly eyelashes. My eyelashes are thin, sparse and point down to the ground. I never wore fake eyelashes or got extensions because you end up with bald spots around your lash line as they eventually fall off in clumps. It has to be maintained with strict discipline and I just don’t have the time or patience for it. When I put on a full face of makeup, I hesitate on mascara because it feels heavy and I end up with raccoon eyes by the time I’m on my second cocktail. And no matter what any brand promises you, all mascaras clump and smudge. If it’s waterproof, it means it’s harder to clean up and you have to meticulously clean it up with a q-tip or go over the smudge with liquid eyeliner and rock a cat eye for the night. NARS Climax Mascara isn’t necessarily smudge or clump proof. I recommend going through your lashes with a clean mascara wand with each application to brush out the clumps for a natural look. (It’s my personal method for all mascara application not just this one.) It is however, the lightest formula that gives your lashes volume while lengthening. I was pleasantly surprised with the formula innovation and recommend it. I can’t promise that the wand will “Drive You Wild” and make you moan in ecstasy as you “Don’t Stop. Keep Going.” But you know me. I keep it real. I “Never Fake It”.  Respecting Karl Lagerfield's 54-year creative directorship and the collection's host city, Fendi FW19 focused on fur and marble print in Rome. Respecting Karl Lagerfield's 54-year creative directorship and the collection's host city, Fendi FW19 focused on fur and marble print in Rome. Text: Julian Wright 
Palatine Hill as the venue for a Fendi show was the late Karl Lagerfeld's idea. Once occupied by Ancient Rome, the hill acted as a node to the Roman empire, centering life within the city. Fendi has deep roots in Rome; choosing the Temple of Venus and Rome as a stage for Fendi FW19 Couture only reinforces them. Despite the grandiose setting, the clothes said more than the show's location. 
Fur and marble were the two most prominent motifs. Rather than large swaths, the fur was arranged into geometric panels, leaving transparent space in between segments to allow for ventilation. Fur was cut in vertical strips down the torso and spiraled on coats' arms. Worked into gowns, mini-dresses and scarves, marbling incorporated a Roman footprint into this collection. Sticking with Earthly inspirations, the color palette was very neutral: many browns and dark colors, with an occasional hint of muted red or green. The garments, despite the heavy manes many of them sported, were light and airy. A few featured translucent fabric that floated behind models walking down the runway. In addition to fur as a focal point, wide bishop-sleeved dresses and empress cuts showed Lagerfeld's larger influence on the label. 
Strengthening its connections to its former chief and its origin city, Fendi FW19 Couture acts as an homage to its subjects. There were 54 looks, one for every year Karl Lagerfeld was creative director at Fendi. Since its founding in 1925, Fendi has also been a Roman maison. This collection is a tribute. Beyond elevating modern fashion, Fendi FW19 honors two great forces that have shaped the fashion house into what it is today. 
Click through the slideshow below to see looks from Fendi FW19 Couture. 
                      Campbell and dates Marc Jacobs and Pat McGrath see "A Soulful Christmas" off-broadway. Campbell and dates Marc Jacobs and Pat McGrath see "A Soulful Christmas" off-broadway. Text: SAMUEL ANDERSON 
Not since Hamilton has an opening night brought together so many fashion powerhouses as that of A Soulful Christmas, the latest musical extravaganza from AnthonyKen. A portmanteau for producing and romantic partners Anthony Wayne and Kendrell Bowman, AnthonyKen is perhaps best known the 2014 Sylvester bio Mighty Real: A Fabulous Sylvester Musical, and the duo’s two-night, Soul Train-style Christmas special was just as roof-raisingly nostalgic. A mash-up of classic and contemporary Christmas standards, as seen in rainbow technicolor, A Soulful Christmas had everybody—including guests Naomi Campbell, Pat McGrath and Marc Jacobs—getting on up on Saturday night at Manhattan's Actors’ Temple. 
Of AnthonyKen’s connection to the fashion triad, who sat together in back-to-back pews, co-producer and star Kendrell Bowman says it traces back to actress Sheryl Lee Ralph. “[Ralph] knows Lee Daniels, who brought Naomi with him as his guest during the Mighty Real’s Off-Broadway engagement a few years ago; she was working on his show Empire,” Bowman tells us. “When we met [Naomi], we clicked instantly and kept in contact through the years.”  
It’s no surprise that Campbell enlisted Jacobs and McGrath as her plus-two for A Soulful Christmas, which featured lightly parodic Motown and disco-era acts like a rainbow-hued Jacksonian five-piece called the Harlem Five: From serving as muse to McGrath's 70s-inspired Metalmorphosis 005 palette to recently rocking Perry Ellis redux by Jacobs—who incidentally also attended the fashion-forward Hamilton premiere—Campbell's trips down memory lane with fashion's founding mothers and fathers are nothing new. But any time this many fashion icons are under one non-Fashion Week roof, we call it a Christmas miracle.  Saint Laurent travels back in time for a fresh take on '80s fashion. Saint Laurent travels back in time for a fresh take on '80s fashion. Text: Danielle Combs Leave it to Anthony Vaccarello to take an average Tuesday and turn it into a high-voltage neon night with Saint Laurent’s latest SS18 campaign film. The enthralling short film epitomizes the decade ince and glamour of the ‘80s and features YSL muses Anja Rubik, Adut Akech and Raquel Zimmermman—all while dancing under strobing neon lights to the tune of New Order’s "Blue Monday". Directed by photographers Inez and Vinoodh, the duo masterfully captures the glitz and glam of Vaccarello’s sequined tuxedo blazers and feathered dresses that command the spotlight. Watch below and see how Saint Laurent delivers the ultimate rooftop party.   See how the night unfolded at our roaring bash. See how the night unfolded at our roaring bash. Text: Danielle Combs 
Last night, V opened the doors to its offices to celebrate the Class of 2018, a new guard of 50 rising creatives expected to take over in 2018, from the worlds of fashion, music, art and design. Celebrating their shared love for creativity and innovation, V and UNIQLO partnered up to present the first 10 rising talents of the Class and celebrate the Uniqlo U Spring/Summer 2018 collection. 
The flashy fête was a night to remember, as guests of all walks of life danced under a glittering disco ball as music from David Bowie, Dua Lipa, Blondie, and more bumped through the speakers, with Greg Krelenstein spinning tracks as our in-house DJ. A screen projector displayed iconic music videos from the likes of Prince, Missy Elliott and Lady Gaga, creating an ambience that melded the old with the new. Each notable attendee from the Class of 2018 sipped on cocktails throughout the night and arrived clad in classic UNIQLO looks that were styled by the incomparable Anna Trevelyan. Click through to see the best images from last night’s UNIQLO x V bash.      Designer Sarah Burton's FW18 collection is a modern metamorphosis. Designer Sarah Burton's FW18 collection is a modern metamorphosis. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
The fashion world, and overarching fashion month platform as a whole, has successfully provided fuel to the evolving social and political fire as to what hand the industry plays in the grand scheme of things. Designer Sarah Burton’s Fall 2018 Alexander McQueen collection is the impeccable example of how it looks to successfully translate an iconic history onto a creatively modern, empowered runway. 
Subtle theatrics exist in these garments; enough to evoke emotion but not to distract from Burton’s unmatched couture construction. The collection, a metamorphosis, opens with a female tuxedo, complete with a train instead of typical tails. Her execution and incorporation of a cinched waist is beyond flattering, allowing the details and flair of each individual garment to blossom through. A overly satisfying amount of textures and silhouettes are gifted to this runway, including appliqued bugs, butterfly wing printed dresses, and plenty of leather to go around. The most major moment of this collection occurs when fashion’s newest breakout face, Adut Akech, dons a tuxedo jacket that has literally bloomed into a stunning, silk-layered above-the-knee dress, a gratifying visual moment accompanying the metaphor to full fruition. 
At the helm of fashion’s most innovative brand, Sarah Burton continues to embrace the iconic legacy of the late Alexander McQueen, yet fearlessly implements her own uniquely keen and creative voice into the storyline, one that is only becoming more inclusively empowered and leading the brand to new heights.    The "Spooky Couture" collection marks a pivotal moment in the young designer's career. The "Spooky Couture" collection marks a pivotal moment in the young designer's career. Photography: Andrew Tess Text: Dylan Kelly Glameratti packed into SoMad Studio’s intimate show space earlier this week to witness the debut of up-and-coming designer Jackson Wiederhöeft’s first solo collection under his namesake brand. Models walked out onto an elevated stage in a dramatic presentation of the elegantly fanciful range, prancing and posing in a choreographed movement. A monumental moment, Wiederhöeft’s theatrical presentation marks an imperative turning point in his fast-paced career. After graduating from Parson’s and winning the “Women’s Designer of the Year Award” in 2016, the young designer perfected his craft working on Thom Browne’s womenswear team. As he sharpened his specialities in embroidery and design intricacies in the renowned American designer’s workspace, Wiederhöeft garnered major traction as celebrities including Lil Kim, Aquaria, and Rihanna stepped out sporting his winning designs. From there, the explorative visionary embarked on a solo journey as a designer, and thus was the birth of his signature brand.  His complete collection, titled “Spooky Couture”, features a whimsical line-up of fantastical dresses, campy two-piece sets, and extravagant accessories, all of which culminate in a melodramatic ensemble. In an explosion of color, pink bows adorn a matching corset and sheer top to complete a masquerade-inspired look, while blue and red dresses provide a pleasant contrast among the range. Performing choreography by Sleep No More’s Paul Zivkovich and wearing wigs by Sean Bennett, the models brought the fairy tale of Wiederhöeft’s designs to life.  See the full lookbook on the designer's website, and take a look at some behind-the-scenes polaroids, taken by Andrew Tess, in the slideshow below.   We talk to the legendary shoe designer about his first-ever DIY venture. We talk to the legendary shoe designer about his first-ever DIY venture. Text: Danielle Combs 
Giuseppe Zanotti has created some of the most well-crafted sneakers and pumps in the game, becoming choice footwear for the likes of Jennifer Lopez, Taylor Swift, and Beyoncé, among others. Now, in a fun twist for the SS18 season, the designer is letting his customers take over with the introduction of his first-ever customizable sneaker. Entitled the Alena Star, the glittering low-top sneaker comes with an array of stars encrusted in dark grey crystals that can be attached or removed from the shoe. These stars are also available in metallic silver and bold colorful shades that can transform the shoes to fit a different mood. This is a big step for the designer that has the potential to expand into further DIY freedom, so we talked with Zanotti himself to dive into his creative process and find out his plans for the future.        We want you to reach for the stars. New for the holiday season, ALENA STAR, our first customizable sneaker. Add one glittering star or five and reinvent your style every single day. ⭐️ To discover more, tap link in bio. #GZSS18 #GiuseppeZanotti   A post shared by Giuseppe Zanotti (@giuseppezanotti) on Dec 1, 2017 at 2:03am PST       
How did you decide on making a customizable sneaker?  
For the holiday season, I wanted to give my customers the opportunity of being creative and personalize their sneaker with their favorite stars. 
What type of woman do you envision wearing the sneaker?  
Definitely a cool, irreverent woman who loves to feel special wearing sparkling shoes. 
What is your process like when designing a shoe?  
The first step is to look at what’s happening around me. I try to absorb the energy from different arts. Fashion is now, not only in clothing but in design—interior design, car design, everywhere. I work to transform these elements into shoes. Then I sketch, no matter where I am, I always have my notebook and pens. I sketch all the time. Once the sketch is ready, I work closely with skilled artisans to bring the design to life. 
Your latest sneakers exude a sense of playfulness and charm. What inspired your design?  
Through crystal embellished stars, I wanted to create a sense of lightness, playfulness and joy. I combined one of our classic sneakers with pops of festive whimsy. 
Do you plan to design future shoes that are customizable as well?  
This is definitely the first step toward a bigger project. I love the fact that my clients can be their own stylists and can personalize shoes in their own way.   Burberry transformed their flagship into a downtown haven for the city's coolest crowd. Burberry transformed their flagship into a downtown haven for the city's coolest crowd. Text: Dominique Norman 
To celebrate the creativity of personal style, Elle teamed up with Burberry for a soirée on March 14th at the 57th St. flagship. Hosts of the evening were Editor in Chief, Nina Garcia, creative director Stephen Gan and photographer, Julien Boudet. Some notable attendees included Nina Agdal, June Ambrose, Coco & Breezy, Chloe Caillet, Florence Kosky, Nico Tortorella, Maria Borges, Pico Alexander, Eleanor Lambert, Juana Burga, Princess Mafalda of Bulgaria, Young Paris, Meredith Mickelson, Michael Avedon, Nausheen Shah, Zuzanna Bijoch and Emmy Rapp. 
The event itself highlighted an image portfolio of classic Burberry trench coats, photos by Boudet of course, which were also featured in the March issue of Elle. The March issue is also notably Nina Garcia’s first issue as Editor in Chief. The trenches focused on in the portfolio are a tried and true Burberry staple, made from cotton gabardine, a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry himself in 1879. The coat comes in four different fits and lengths and as always, a timeless Burberry palette.  
The image portfolio featuring the Burberry trench will continue to be on display at the 57th St. flagship until March 25th. 
Check out images from the Elle x Burberry event below.  The creative genius and wife of designer, Rick Owens creates a conceptual pop-up in London. The creative genius and wife of designer, Rick Owens creates a conceptual pop-up in London. Text: Nadja Sayej  Everyone's favorite Parisian Michele Lamy, wife to designer Rick Owens and mentor to A$AP Rocky, has opened a pop-up conceptual art exhibition and boutique called Lamyland at Selfridges London Oxford Street’s Corner Shop. Until March, expect to see a new line of activewear which Lamy has created in collaboration with artists and designers like Owens, Versace, and Nike. It's a conceptual approach to a pop-up shop, where boxing becomes a metaphor for the current state of the world.   The show is a throwback to the New York City’s Overthrow Boxing Club, which has the trademark slogan: “What are you fighting for?” Lamy alters the statement to ask: “What are we fighting for?” The punching bags are created by Brooklyn sculptor Hugo McLoud from his exhibition Veiled, which premiered at Sean Kelly Gallery in New York last month, alongside makeup by Edward Bess, millinery hats by London designer Stephen Jones and pieces by Virgil Abloh’s Off-White, Sacai and Gareth Pugh.   For fans of Lamy, who is widely known as the force behind Les Deux Café, the LA nightclub and dining hotspot she ran in the 1990s, and her ongoing series on culture and food hosted on barge boats which have featured talents like A$AP and Unkle’s James Lavelle, this is where one can score exclusive Lamyland logo-printed hoodies and cotton jersey t-shirts. There are also sweatshirts by British menswear designer Craig Green and silk CLOTHSURGEON robes and boxing shorts. In February, Selfridges teams up with London boxing gym BXR to host boxing classes in a custom-designed boxing ring to get beginners to duke it out in the ring.   To Lamy, this conceptual pop-up is just an addition to the artist’s eclectic tastes. “Boxing is fascinating,” says Lamy. “More than a sport, it’s a state of mind. Once up in the ring, losing the robe, almost naked, you bare your soul and mind and start the encounter of four fists and two heads in an uncertain outcome. The rage to live throws its thunders in the fight. It’s a noble art.”    Take a peek at the designer's exciting new collaboration with the retail giant. Take a peek at the designer's exciting new collaboration with the retail giant. Text: AJ Longabaugh 
This Thursday, May 17, UNIQLO will launch their exciting resort wear collection with tomas maier. This new range will feature both womenswear and menswear with the aim, according to a statement, being to provide "comfort for everyone, everywhere... whether relaxing at a resort or winding down after a busy day at work." Designer Tomas Maier said about the collaboration, "Our new collection is designed to work in many different ways. Beach attire can turn into loungewear, casual cover-ups paired with polo shirts can easily be worn in town—this is the concept of my brand. Things work in many ways. Even if bought for a special trip or occasion, the customer will soon discover these garments adapt to a year-round life." 
The collection features tropical colors like orange and yellow hues to capture a Floridian environment complete with the brand's palm tree motif. The women's line includes practical dresses, sweaters, and swimwear, with the menswear line offering jackets, tees, and "easy pants that double as smart swimwear." A perfect addition to the UNIQLO LifeWear mantra, the apparel embodies "simplicity, quality, and longevity." Take a peek at some of the tomas maier X UNIQLO collaboration below.   "on Tuesdays, we vote" "on Tuesdays, we vote" Text: AJ Longabaugh Encouraging young people to get involved in tomorrow's November 6 election, founders of Pop & Suki, Poppy Jamie and Suki Waterhouse, are gifting the keychains of the season. Pop & Suki, created by the actress/model and the digital-influencer/tech-entrepreneur, is an accessories brand that celebrates female friendships and the female entrepreneurial spirit. "We believe in the power of voting, no matter what flag you wave. America is our adoptive country, where Pop & Suki is based and this coming November 6th, we want to encourage our customers and followers to get out to the polls to be heard. There are so many pressing issues that our country faces today that directly affect our immediate future especially as young women and we believe strongly that the millennial voice has the answers," says the founders. "Pop & Suki was founded by two female friends with the hope of creating a company that was not only fun but inclusive and empowering. We hope to see a lot of #popandsukivotes on Tuesday and don’t forget to bring your BFF!” For the first 200 people that take to their Instagram, posting a selfie with their "I Voted" and the hashtag #popandsukivotes, Poppy and Suki will send voters an exclusive, chic as fuck Heart tag reading "on Tuesdays, we vote". Send the the link of your Instagram post to vote@popandsuki.com for your chance to receive this limited edition keychain!     We’re getting major vintage vibes from #YSL14 We’re getting major vintage vibes from #YSL14 Text: Dominique Norman 
The latest Saint Laurent campaign takes us back to the 80’s, not only with the campaign video that dropped at the beginning of the year, but also with their latest black and white ad campaigns for the Summer 2018 collection, starring models and frequent Saint Laurent muses Raquel Zimmermann, Anja Rubik & Cara Taylor. 
The sneak peak gives us flowy, polka dot, fur, and flounce, all shot on an industrial style rooftop above a cascading skyline. The creative vision for the shoot was of course seen through the eyes of none other than Anthony Vaccarello himself, and photographed by the dynamic duo of Inez & Vinoodh. It’s sure to be a summer of vintage in 2018, especially under the direction of Vaccarello, creative director of YSL since 2016. Check out more of the #YSL14 campaign below!   V traveled to Jamaica during the Caribbean’s biggest fashion extravaganza, Style Week Jamaica. Here are the newest faces poised for international stardom. V traveled to Jamaica during the Caribbean’s biggest fashion extravaganza, Style Week Jamaica. Here are the newest faces poised for international stardom. Photography: Kacey Jeffers Styling: Nick Nelson  Attendees of the JW Anderson Fall 2019 show witnessed a new side to the brand. Attendees of the JW Anderson Fall 2019 show witnessed a new side to the brand. Text: Erin McDowell 
Attendees of the JW Anderson Fall 2019 show witnessed a new side to the brand — one more high fashion, conceptual, and unapologetically British than ever before. JW Anderson Fall 2019 featured classically tailored silhouettes complemented by accessories that offered an element of surprise. Jockey hats levitated above models' heads on the runway, and a constant stream of oversized belts defined the collection's voluminous silhouettes. 
Though the collection featured mainly neutral tones, pops of yellow, pink, and blue added a whimsical element to the collection, culminating in a magenta fringe gown that is seemingly destined for awards season. Checked, plaid, and gingham prints were a mainstay on the runway, paying homage to classic British style, while animal print accents kept the collection fresh. To view the highlights from the collection, check out the slideshow below.  